Angelica and Lily - Chapter 8: Surgery

Author: Guest AlphaCentauri

*000*2020-06-06 11:30

Oh my goodness.

I know I promised to try to keep further chapters shorter, and what did I end up doing? Only writing the longest one yet.

So, to keep from forcing all you lovely people to scroll down so much, I'm now going to post each new chapter as its own separate posting.

Oh, and if this is your first encounter with this ongoing saga, you can find chapters 1-4 here: 

$/54188-angelica-and-lily/

And chapters 5-7 here:

$/56670-angelica-and-lily-with-tags/

.

Enjoy!

The call was made in hurried, urgent tones. Lily did her best to keep her voice level and to keep from peeing her pants in sheer panic as she spoke. Try as she might, she couldn’t keep from spurting heavily and repeatedly into her panties before being able to hang up. By the time she could run to a bathroom, there was a clear dark wet patch spread out over her left thigh, and she had to take another minute to go pee and then change before rushing on her way.

It had begun when Lily was staying over at Angelica’s apartment for the weekend. She had finished up her first semester at the state university a good two and a half hours away, and the two of them were going to spend some time catching up before heading to their respective homes for Christmas break. All had gone well for the first day and a half, with the two friends falling right back into their natural groove after their time apart. Somehow it had seemed easier to stay connected when only Angelica was in college, probably because she had always been the more organized of the two. For her part, so far Lily was finding college definitely more challenging than high school, but not as much as she had expected from all the grim and dire admonitions given by her parents, Angelica, and various other well-meaning yet overbearing adults. Thankfully, this first semester was only preparatory general education, giving her a chance to settle in.

Getting to visit also gave Lily an opportunity to see Angelica’s apartment for the first time. It was tiny, as Angelica and her roommates were all university students working hard to get by, but Angelica preferred to think of it as cozy rather than cramped. Her own bedroom exemplified this, with its Ikea shelves laden with historical fiction filling the room with the charming scent of books, offset by the various aromas emanating from her row of houseplants along the windowsill. Even though the air mattress Lily slept on took up virtually all of the floor, it never felt too confined or claustrophobic.

@@The Friday evening was spent happily, talking late into the night about everything in their lives, with Lily asking teasing but good-natured questions about Angelica’s relationship with Brian. She had finally gotten to meet him close to the end of the summer, and now it was practically the first thing she asked about in any conversation with Angelica. Though the pointed interrogation made her blush, Angelica was all too happy to share. Brian was, as far as Lily could see, absolutely perfect for Angelica, and Angelica was increasingly convinced of the same. He was funny, handsome, and friendly; and more than that, he had hidden inside him a depth of compassion and insight, founded upon profound moral integrity. He was the one who initiated the conversation about the physical side of their relationship, in which he revealed to Angelica that he had made the deliberate choice years ago to save himself for marriage. It served only to deepen Angelica’s respect for him, and with it, her affection.

@@Lily had also seen his sensitive side when Angelica had told her about how the cat had come out of the bag concerning her pee accidents. When she heard about how Angelica had confessed these embarrassing incidents to Brian, she declared that it was her duty as best friend to make sure that Brian was also told of her share of incontinences. Thus their first meeting and his first impression of her were marked by an explanation of her sympathetic spastic bladder and the various times both best friends had ended up sharing in their wetness. If Brian had only been playing cool about Angelica’s accidents because he liked her, this meeting dispelled that idea. He was warm and cordial toward Lily, and when she spilled the beans about routinely wetting herself, he took it in stride, with nary even a nervous laugh to cover up discomfort. In fact, it was barely two weeks later that Lily actually did pee her pants in Brian’s presence, when the three of them were driving back from apple picking and she had laughed too hard at a joke while needing a bathroom. Brian’s even-tempered and sensitive response had been enough for Lily, as soon as she was alone with Angelica, to grab her by the shoulders and say, heedless of her own damp jeans, “You need to marry that man.” It had flustered Angelica a little bit at the time, even though she was the dry one, and the thought had never left her brain since.

Now, here they were, nearly four months later, and Angelica was able to regale Lily, much to her delight, with the myriad romantic details from dates, phone calls, and text messages. Lily soaked it all up with a glee befitting her status as best friend, continually rebuffing attempts made by a bashful Angelica to change the subject when she thought she had been rambling too long. Despite the seeming one-sidedness, though, Lily was able to share enough to reveal that college had been going well so far, her classes hadn’t been too bad, she’d made some new friends but no prospects for a boyfriend, and she had been accident-free the whole time. Wetting herself at work during the summer had been mortifying for her, as she was just about to enter college, until she found out that it was hardly an unusual occurrence for college students, especially if alcohol was involved. It was all the more reason for her to hold staunchly to her teetotaling commitment she had made the night of graduation.

After the two friends chatted late into the night of Friday, they both woke up the next morning at a leisurely hour (though Angelica, always the early riser, spent the morning reading G.A. Henty in bed rather than disturbing Lily). In the afternoon they went out to see a movie at the local mall’s theatre, followed by browsing the stores aimlessly.

That was when things began to go wrong.

It started when, after the film, Angelica became less talkative. She claimed she wasn’t feeling very well, but that it wasn’t bad enough for them to go home. Lily accepted this without too much concern until later, when Lily suggested they get dinner at the Little Caesar’s in the mall, and Angelica said she wasn’t hungry.

“Well, we don’t have to go to Little Caesar’s. Where do you feel like going?”

Angelica groaned. “Ugh, nowhere. I just don’t feel good. You can go wherever you want. I just won’t eat anything.”

Lily’s normally chipper face started to fall. She eyed Angelica carefully. “You feel that bad?”

Angelica closed her eyes. “I’ve had a stomachache since the movie, and it’s just been getting worse. Now I think I feel sick to my stomach too. If I tried to eat anything, it’d probably just come back up.”

“Whoa, Angie, that’s pretty bad. Why didn’t you tell me you were feeling that bad?” When Angelica merely shrugged dejectedly and moaned again, Lily continued. “Do you think you ate something bad?”

“I haven’t eaten anything since lunch. And we both ate the same thing.”

Lily screwed up her face in worry. “I don’t know. Maybe yours was undercooked?” After a pause in which her not very conspicuously theoretical question received no answer, she put her hand on Angelica’s shoulder. “Do you want to just go back to your apartment?”

Angelica considered this for a moment before nodding. Lily, unused to being the caregiver in the relationship, did her best to distract Angelica with light chitchat and silly banter, anything she could think of to fill the dismal lack of conversation. By now, Angelica’s color was noticeably paler, and Lily took Angelica’s key to drive back to the apartment building. Adding to the fact that she was unfamiliar with the way back was the fact that it was dark by now, and the roads still held the threat of black ice. Lily didn’t have much experience driving in the snow, and on the way out it had been daylight.

@@Once back at the apartment, Angelica, who was growing more miserable by the minute, changed into her pajamas and went straight to bed. Lily felt her forehead, and though it felt warm, neither Angelica nor her roommates owned a thermometer, and Angelica said not to bother with going out to pick one up at this hour since all she wanted to do was sleep and not be bothered again later. Her roommates, Natasha and Katelyn, also both felt her head, and the uneasy consensus was that any fever she may have had was most likely mild enough to not be serious. Instead, she was provisioned with a glass of water, a Tylenol, and a puke bucket, just in case. All agreed it was probably a twenty-four-hour stomach bug, and Lily moved her mattress out into the living room to give Angelica a clear path to the bathroom—and to keep from catching it. Angelica then closed her eyes and tried to fall asleep, and Lily, after conversing briefly with Natasha and Katelyn, decided to call it an early night herself as well.

Then, at a little after 2 a.m., things took a sudden nosedive.

@@Lily stirred fitfully in her sleep, her consciousness troubled in its murky hypnopompic state. Something had interrupted her slumber, but it took several seconds of gathering her bearings and remembering where she was for her to focus her mental faculties. She blinked, her dilated pupils making sense of her surroundings. Then she recalled that she was in Angie’s apartment, that she was in the living room of said apartment because Angie had been feeling sick last night, and that she had been stirred by a loud thump coming from the bathroom—louder than any falling towel or banging in water pipes ought to be. She sat bolt upright and quickly brushed her blonde bedhead out of her eyes. Rolling off the air mattress as delicately as one can, trying not to disturb anyone’s sleep (least of all Angelica’s), she quietly and carefully padded her way to the bathroom to investigate. Her socked feet barely registered against the hard wood of the floor, but she could do nothing to prevent the rheumatic creaks the old building uttered in protest of her weight, as skinny as she was.

Approaching the door, she noticed right away that the light was on, but the door was open. The peculiarity of this discovery caused her to quicken her steps, which were now surer in the increased light. She reached the door and cautiously used one hand to push it open all the way. As soon as she could see inside, she jumped and let out a shriek, a squirt of her full bed bladder jetting out into her white cotton panties.

There, lying in the middle of the bathroom floor as if dumped there like a sack of potatoes, her disheveled brown hair obscuring her face, was Angelica.

The following events all rushed by in a blur. Lily’s terrified cries awoke Katelyn, who in turn woke Natasha once she found out what had happened. Angelica came to and explained, through moans of pain, that she had gotten up to use the bathroom and must have fainted. Her stomach was hurting much worse now, and her face was bearing a perpetual grimace. One touch to her head confirmed that what may have been a mild fever the night before was by now a raging temperature, and her anguish-ridden face was flushed and diaphoretic.

Lily was helping Angelica sit up, having never left her side. By now, though, Natasha was up and Katelyn was busy throwing on a winter coat and boots.

“Here, help her up. I can take her to the emergency room.”

“Emergency room?” Lily’s voice was high and quavering. She had never been in a situation like this before.

Katelyn finished zipping up her coat. “Yeah. This doesn’t look like any ordinary stomach flu. We’d better go get her seen.” She leaned down towards Angelica. “Okay, Ange? We’re going to go to the emergency room. Can you stand?”

Angelica didn’t answer but merely nodded her head stiffly. With Lily on her one side, Katelyn moved to her other side to help her to her feet. She slowly rose, sucking in air through her teeth in agony as she did so. Once she was standing, Natasha appeared from where she had slipped off to unseen, bearing Angelica’s coat and boots.

Katelyn knelt down to help put the boots on. “Here, Angelica, lift your right foot. No, just stay standing. Don’t bend over. Lily, can you help support her? Good. Now the same with your left. Lily, just wrap the coat around her. Don’t bother with the sleeves.”

Once finished, she began to help Angelica walk painfully toward the door. “We should call your family to let them know what’s going on. What’s their number?”

Angelica started to raise her hand weakly toward Lily, who jumped in. “I’ll call them. I have their number. What’s the hospital we’re going to?”

“I’m going to take her to Trinity Presbyterian. You and Tasha should stay here for now. Call her family and let them know what’s going on first. Then, if you want to come, grab an outfit for each of us, and probably some food and books or something for the waiting room and come meet us. Or else I’ll just call Tasha once we hear something and then you can update her folks.” They were nearly to the door.

Lily nodded resolutely and swallowed. Opening the door for the two of them, she ran ahead to the staircase to help Angelica down. It was slow going, but after several minutes they had emerged into the frigid wintry night. The cold pierced through Lily’s flannel pajamas and her teeth chattered fiercely, but only half because of the cold. Their breath showed up in white billowy plumes in the frosty air, and her eyes were watering from the dryness. At least she thought that was the cause; she wasn’t sure.

Maneuvering Angelica into the passenger seat of Katelyn’s Kia was a painful process, but, once in, Katelyn started up the engine, undulating clouds of exhaust spewing out into the night as the car stirred to life in defiance of the bitter hibernal air. Without waiting for it to warm up, she turned on her headlights and backed out of her parking space before turning to drive off down the deserted road into the night.

Lily was left staring after them, hugging herself to stay warm, shivering intensely. The small wet spot on her panties now felt icy against her crotch, and she quickly turned and went back inside, sprinting up the steps and into the warmth of the apartment. She paused to catch her breath and gather her thoughts before finding her phone where she had left it plugged into the wall and hurriedly looking up Angelica’s mom’s number. As the connection was made and the phone began ringing, the adrenaline in her system started wearing off, and she shivered again. Suddenly, the reality of what was happening—or what might happen—came over her again. Something was wrong with Angie. And she didn’t know what.

@@That was why, as she recorded the voicemail message, her voice was still shaky and her bladder started constricting involuntarily. “Hi, hi, Mrs. Carpenter, hi. Hello, it’s, it’s me, Lily. Um, listen. Um, I’m here at Angelica’s apartment—” Squirt. She twitched and pushed up on her tiptoes, tightening her muscles to keep from losing control. “—and, well, uh, something’s happened.” Squiiirt. She gasped quietly and bent over slightly, grabbing her thigh with her free hand, trying not to lose any more or make it obvious to Natasha that she was about to. She swallowed and cleared her throat. “Uh, um, Angelica, uh…she, uh…she’s sick. She, she has a fever, and, um—” Squiiiiiirt. By now her panties were sodden all around her private parts, and a quick glance down showed a small wet patch had appeared on her left thigh. She needed to finish and go pee, and fast. Her voice quickened. “—um, and, and a bad stomachache. So they’re, uh, they’re going to the—the hospital right now. It’s, um—” Squiiiiirt. This one was more of a protracted trickle, and Lily could feel the scalding heat expanding down her left thigh. A panicked glance downward confirmed this. “—um, Trinity Presbyterian. We’ll let you know as soon as we find out anything else.”

She pressed the End Call button, grabbing her thigh again and feeling the wet warmth press up against her skin. Then, her wet underwear squishing up in her groin as she did so, she hobbled into the bathroom to empty the rest of her bladder into the toilet before it emptied itself into her pajama pants.

~*~*~*~*~

Thankfully, Natasha had seemed none the wiser to Lily’s predicament, and the two of them had thrown on some clothes, collected clothes for Katelyn and Angelica, and grabbed some breakfast bars. While gathering an outfit for Angelica, Lily picked up two books off her bookshelf and hoped that they were ones Angelica hadn’t read yet. She also spotted her cell phone and made sure to snatch it also. Most likely Brian would want to know what had happened as well.

Now, close to half an hour later, both young women found themselves pulling into the hospital’s parking lot. It was easy to pick out Katelyn’s car, since the lot was otherwise nearly empty. As Natasha put her car into park and turned off the engine, she and Lily exited into the cold night once more, shivering and hurrying to the emergency room’s automatic doors and the prospect of shelter. Once inside, Natasha approached the desk and explained why they were there. After a brief check in the computer, the receptionist directed them toward one of the ER nurses, who escorted them into the patient area. The bright lights, smells of isopropyl alcohol, and assorted beeps resounding from unfamiliar pieces of equipment all made Lily’s stomach churn uneasily. Hospitals creeped her out. Even though it was much warmer indoors, she still wrapped her arms around herself and suppressed a shudder.

Off to the side, in a small curtained-off area, Lily could see Katelyn standing, not fully obscured by the curtain. Sure enough, the nurse led them over and pulled the curtain open, allowing them to see Angelica, still in her pajamas, lying on the large and uncomfortable-looking hospital ER bed. Next to her, a man, likely in his late thirties, had her shirt pulled up to expose her belly and was touching it with his hands and noting Angelica’s reactions. She had tried to smile when Lily first came in, but with every touch, her face once again contorted into a rictus of pain.

Lily swallowed again. Seeing Angelica like this was making a heavy pit form in her stomach, and she was afraid she might throw up. Trying to lighten the mood, she piped up. “Hey, Angie,” she managed, forcing a smile, “how are you doing?”

Angelica tried to smile again, one corner of her mouth weakly lifting. She started to reply, then groaned at another push to her abdomen. Once the pain passed, she gave it another go. “Not too bad. How about you, Lil?”

Lily laughed in spite of herself, the tension and worry receiving some much-needed relief. She put her hand to one side of her face and suddenly realized that she was crying without even realizing it. Wiping her eyes, she took a deep breath, trying not to break out into uncontrollable sobs.

Katelyn evidently could see the emotional turmoil Lily was going through and gently put an arm around her. Lily closed her eyes and leaned gratefully into the hug. She wanted to ask the nurse what was wrong with Angie, what was going to happen, was she going to be okay, but the words couldn’t form just yet. Thankfully, Katelyn seemed to understand and asked it herself, her voice much steadier than Lily knew she could muster herself. “What do you think it is?”

The nurse leaned back from his examination of Angelica and pulled her shirt back down. As he rolled over in his chair to the computer and began typing, he answered, his voice deep and calm. “We’ll need the doctor to come and take a look, but at this point, I would say it looks like pretty standard appendicitis. If that’s the case, then we’ll have to do an emergency surgery, but she should be up and about again in no time.” He smiled warmly, and Lily had to wipe her eyes again. Angelica, on the other hand, simply lay with her eyes closed, trying not to move.

~*~*~*~*~

Two hours later, Katelyn, Natasha, and Lily were on their way back to the apartment. Lily had wanted to stay, to not leave Angelica there by herself as she went into emergency surgery, but as they would have had to stay outside during the operation anyway, there was no point in remaining at the hospital. In addition, the initial spike of adrenaline-fueled energy had long since worn off, and all three young women were more than exhausted. Natasha had given up even trying to stay awake and curled up in an uncomfortable-looking heap in one of the waiting room couches while Lily and Katelyn had supplied the hospital with extra information, most notably the contact information for Angelica’s parents. The fine details of insurance and billing would be sorted out in due time.

There hadn’t been any response yet from Angelica’s mom or dad, even though Lily had called them again to update them on the situation. The ER doctor had confirmed that Angelica’s condition was indeed appendicitis, but it appeared as though the appendix hadn’t burst, so her prognosis for rapid recovery was optimistic. Lily had been able to convey this in a much more level-sounding second voicemail, including as many details as she could to hopefully preempt the onslaught of questions that was bound to be incoming as soon as Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter woke up. Now that Angelica was in good hands, Lily was able to think much more clearly as she explained into the recording what had happened. Not to mention she wasn’t leaking into her pants this time, either.

Once the nurse was about to get Angelica changed into a hospital gown in order to start an IV in her arm, Angelica asked Lily to call Brian as well, before heading to a private room to disrobe. Lily didn’t have Brian’s number, but she did have Angelica’s phone. Scrolling through the contacts, she came upon what had to be his, since it was saved as “Brian Dearest.”

Before pressing the Dial button, though, she hovered her finger over it, staring at it for a few seconds. Somehow, possibly in her sleep-deprived state, she was feeling an emotion she had never consciously experienced before.

Angie was her best friend. She had been for years now. And yet—yet there were the words, clearly typed out. Brian Dearest. She had only met him a few months ago, and Angelica had only been dating him for about two months more. How could he hold such high esteem in her life already?

Lily frowned to herself. She didn’t like what she was feeling. It had a nasty edge hidden inside it, a petty, spoiled attitude that was mean and paltry, and worse, liked being mean and paltry. But the fact was, she was beginning to feel angry inside, and then angry at herself for feeling angry. What was wrong with her? So she was Angie’s best friend, and Brian was her boyfriend. So what? The two weren’t mutually exclusive. Then why was it bothering her so much?

Blowing the hair out of her eyes, she imagined if the roles had been reversed, and Brian had been here with Angie in the hospital instead of her. Would Angie have been so eager to have Brian call her and let her know what was happening? Or—or was she being replaced, somehow? She could feel tears coming into her eyes again, and she sighed in frustration at herself. Why was she suddenly being so pathetic and bratty? She wasn’t really jealous. Not of Brian….was she?

No. No, that wasn’t it. In a sudden afflatus of thoughts and emotions long locked away in her psyche, it dawned on her with crystal clarity. She wasn’t jealous of Brian. She was jealous of Angie.

All the pieces, ignored, unacknowledged, and shunned for years, started to fall into place. She was jealous of Angie having a boyfriend. Her enthusiasm and cheery disposition, while partly authentic, to be sure, were also for her a deflection, a coping mechanism. Inside, deep, deep inside, there was the raw pain of loneliness. She had never had a boyfriend. Heck, she had never even really had too many regular friends. Her stupid sympathetic spastic bladder tended to keep people at arm’s length—especially any boy who could be interested. If there even were any. That was why she had responded the way she had to Jay’s uninvited affections at the party after graduation. She had fallen for them because no boy had ever treated her like that before. After all, why would any boy actually like…her?

The tears welled up to the point of overflowing. Lily did her best to discreetly wipe her eyes as she briskly stepped away to find a family bathroom where she could let out her angst in peace. Once there, she spent a couple of minutes choking out wretched, self-pitying sobs, hating herself for doing so. She really just needed to get some sleep.

Once she had finished crying and cleaning up her face, she brushed her hair behind her ears and stepped out again into the hospital’s waiting room to make the phone call. She stood by the window, both for better reception and a modicum of privacy, and pressed the Dial button. It was still in the small hours of the morning, and Lily fully expected to be leaving a message on Brian’s voicemail as well. That was why she jumped slightly when, after three rings, she heard a gravelly “Angie?”

She cleared her throat and spoke, the words coming out with a higher pitch than she intended. “Hi, uh, no, Brian, it’s—it’s me, Lily.”

She could hear a shuffling on his end before his voice returned, more awake now. “Lily? Hey. What’s, uh, what is it?”

Lily licked her lips. “Well, Angie asked me to call you. We had to take her to the hospital. But listen, listen, don’t worry. They say she’ll be fine. But it looks like she has appendicitis, and they’re going to do surgery like, now.”

When Brian responded, he sounded louder, as though he were holding the phone closer to his face. “Wait, wait, wait. You said what? Appendicitis? Is, oh my word, is she okay?” There was an edge of fear in his voice.

“Yeah, no, she’ll be fine. Her stomach was hurting her a lot, but she seemed okay otherwise. They say she’ll be fine and not to worry. She just wanted me to tell you.”

There was a pause. “Um. Hm. Uh, okay. Okay.” Another pause, then a sigh. “Well, uh, thanks for, uh, letting me know, Lily.”

The awkwardness of the gap in the conversation began to stir up Lily’s resentments again. The two most important people in Angie’s life, with nothing in common but Angelica. She knew she was more emotional from the stressful night and exhaustion, and she should probably just end the call. “Sure thing. I’m sure she’ll call you once she’s out of surgery and awake.”

Now finished, Lily turned in the phone to be put with the rest of Angelica’s belongings. From what they understood from the hospital, Angelica would likely be kept for at least twenty-four hours before being discharged. She had already sorted it out for Lily to be among those contacted once the operation was over. For now, it was back to the apartment to catch up on some much-needed rest.

And so, having run through the gamut of emotions, Lily soon thereafter found herself curled up in the passenger seat of Katelyn’s car for the trip back, the interior silent with worry and weariness, and the night sky still dark and frozen.

~*~*~*~*~

Angelica’s process of coming to was a gradual one. As the anesthetics wore out of her system, her hazy mind drifted in and out of consciousness. The pain from earlier was mostly gone, replaced by a mild dull ache in her abdomen. She could remember the excruciating stabbing agony from several hours earlier, the explanations by the doctor of appendicitis and emergency surgery, and the nervousness of entering the operating room in nothing but a hospital gown and her underwear, with an IV in her right arm. She had been assured that her parents were being contacted, and moreover, she knew that Lily would be back as soon as she could be. Despite the gravity of the nature of the ordeal, it still wasn’t far from her head that she was glad it happened during a school break so she wouldn’t miss any classes.

Now, in the muddled and cloudy state of her brain, all these thoughts drifted listlessly through her consciousness, each one being recognized and yet seeming not to matter. Three times a nurse came to check her vital signs, stirring her to the surface of wakefulness for several seconds before she slipped back into languid slumber. She was roused a separate time when the nurse gently explained that she was going to remove the catheter before reaching under Angelica’s gown and extracting a plastic tube from her private parts. Angelica hadn’t even known that it was there, and the thought dreamily crossed her mind that she should feel bashful at someone seeing her genitalia, but the feeling didn’t come. She felt blissfully floaty, emotionlessly detached and suspended in ether, like a warm blanket. Her sleep was peaceful and dreamless, and the combination of the drugs she had been administered and the IV still in her vein meant that she became neither hungry nor thirsty.

What the IV did mean, however, was that her bladder was steadily filling. With the catheter gone, there was no place for her urine to go, and the steady drip into her bloodstream kept her kidneys producing a continual supply of it. She had by now been moved to a hospital room, one with a curtain going down the middle, and lay there under a blanket with one of those finger clamps people wear in hospitals on her right index finger. Attached to the rail close by her hand was a red button on the end of a cable. She could vaguely recall the nurse saying something about pushing it if she needed anything.

By now, the haze in her mind was lifting, and Angelica knew she wouldn’t be able to sleep any longer anyway as long as she needed to pee. Instinctively, she pushed down on the bed with her arms, trying to raise her torso upwards so she could sit up. There had to be a bathroom close by.

As soon as she tried, though, she noticed two things. The first was that her arms felt as though they were made of wood. She could barely get them to move at all. Although her head was clearing, she still felt immersed in a certain fairylike equanimity, and her evident partial paralysis didn’t disturb her in the slightest. She had the faint impression that she probably could move her arms, but only if she really wanted to. In fact, this may have been very close to the truth. But it was such an effort, and it was so much easier to just lie still.

The other thing she noticed was that as soon as she tried to contract her stomach muscles to pull herself forward, the gentle ache in her abdomen retaliated with a nasty stinging fire. Undoubtedly, in the direct aftermath of abdominal surgery, flexing her core was not the best idea. There was no way she could get out of this bed without help.

Her eyes flitted lazily back to the call button. It was situated mere inches away from her right hand. With a great expenditure of mental effort, she strained, willing her fingers to reach up and push the button. With her lethargic gaze still resting on the button, she could see as her fingertips lightly and casually brushed the edge of the plastic, but were unable to go any further.

Angelica let her hand drop once more. It took too much mental energy to try to lift it to call for the nurse to help her to the bathroom. It took too much energy to keep her eyes open, so she let her eyelids droop heavily closed once more. And it also took too much energy to keep holding her pee.

She sighed, the exhalation blowing out of her nostrils as she relaxed and began wetting the bed. In her dreamlike semiconsciousness, it seemed to matter about as little as the nurse seeing her privates when she took out the catheter. It wasn’t as if it were the first time she’d had an accident, and it beat trying to keep holding it. At least this way she could go back to sleep.

Her bladder quietly emptied itself under the blanket, the wet heat thoroughly soaking her panties and puddling around her butt, wicking into the thin and flimsy fabric of the hospital gown and expanding outwards across the mattress. The bedsheet did its best to soak up her urine, but its thin material and the fact that the mattress was nonabsorbent caused the damp spot to spread out broadly over the bed. She could feel the backs of her thighs grow warm with her incontinence, as she let her pee keep draining out into the bed, with no efforts to stop it.

After about ten seconds, she was finished. In her mind, the slightest hint of embarrassment began to sprout, but it did little to keep her from once again drifting off to sleep, as the puddle around her hips steadily cooled.

~*~*~*~*~

The turbulent and eventful night was followed by a morning no less turbulent and eventful for Lily. While Angelica was dozing tranquilly in her post-op slumber, Lily was wakened at a little after eight o’clock by her cell phone buzzing. Starting quickly and sitting up, she clumsily grabbed at it, trying to blink the sleep out of her eyes and read who it was. After a second or two of her eyes adjusting, she could see that it was Angelica’s mother. She quickly swiped to answer the call.

“Hello, Mrs. Carpenter,” she croaked. Her voice was raspy and she tried to clear out the sleep cobwebs discreetly.

“Lily! I got a call from a hospital, telling me that Angelica had an emergency surgery, but that she’s out now? Then I saw your missed calls and heard your messages. What happened? How did this all happen?” Her speech was quick, yet strained, as though she were trying not to panic.

Lily tried to gather her thoughts to give a coherent reply. “Um, well,” she began, before suddenly twitching as her bladder gave a little spasm. It had evidently refilled as she slept. “Well, last night Angelica seemed like she was coming down with something, so we just had her go to bed early. We thought it was a stomach bug or something.” Her bladder quivered again, and she used her free hand to rub her groin, trying to calm her urinary system. “Then, when we found her in the middle of the night, she was burning up and her stomach—”

“Found her? What do you mean? Where was she?”

“Uh, she was in the bathroom.” Lily wished she could be in the bathroom. Another wave of urgency passed through her, and she clenched her muscles tightly until it passed. “She had passed out and was on the floor.”

“Oh, my poor baby! Was she all right? Did she hit her head on anything?”

Lily glanced toward the bathroom door longingly. She was distracted by her need for a morning pee and didn’t fully digest the question. “Uh, mm, um, oh, no, I, I don’t think so.” The hand she was rubbing her crotch with had to give a quick squeeze. “But that was when we drove her to the hospital. If she had hurt her head, I’m sure they would take care of it.”

“Oh, good heavens. Oh, that must have been so awful for you, Lily. How are you doing now? Are you all right?”

Lily wanted to answer honestly and say that she really just needed to go relieve herself and then they could keep talking, but she felt that would be too awkward—especially with someone close to her mom’s age and who knew about her condition. She instead stood up, hand still between her thighs, and paced over to the bathroom door. “I’m okay now. It was scary at first, y’know, but once we got her to the hospital, it was a lot better. I think we mainly just needed our sleep afterwards.”

“Oh, yes, that makes sense. Well, Angelica’s father and I are getting ready to drive out there to see her. Do you think you would want to come too? We can pick you up once we’re close. It’ll be about an hour and a half, though.”

Lily opened her mouth to answer, but just then, another contraction from her bladder made her have to cross her legs and bend over at the waist. She was able to weather the wave of desperation, but not before a hot leak of urine jetted into her underwear, immediately heating them up in a spot right over her private parts. She gasped and bit her lip, giving a sidelong look at the toilet. Should she just go use it right now, while still on the phone? But what if Angelica’s mom could hear it? Still bent at the waist and holding herself, she ground her rear end into the doorframe and tried to formulate a response. “Uh, um, that, uh, that—” Another spurt. The wetness on her underwear, having cooled slightly, was now instantly reheated and expanded. She could feel it down between her legs and starting to go up the back slightly. “—that sounds good. Sure. Yes, thank you very much.”

“Yes, of course. Oh, you poor thing. That must have been quite the ordeal for you to go through, especially all by yourselves.”

Lily gritted her teeth as another leak slipped out, this one more of a slow and gentle trickle than a spurt. Her ability to dam the flow was rapidly abating. She had to empty herself, and now. Already the fabric under her hand was growing damp, and a glance downward confirmed that the cloth was turning noticeably darker out from under where she was still impotently grabbing herself. She tightened all her muscles for all she was worth and managed to reply, “Yeah, it was scary. But I think I’m okay now.” She couldn’t keep her voice entirely level as she said that last lie.

“Well, all right. I won’t keep you any longer. We should be there to pick you up a little before ten.”

“Okay, sounds good!” Her voice was filled with an obviously fake amount of pep, in her attempt both to expedite the end of the phone call and to cover up the panic welling up in her. Sweat drops had begun to bead on her forehead at the prospect of relief mere feet away. And here she was, trapped and slowly wetting herself. Another leak broke free, and the wetness was now going down one thigh. An alarmed glance to her right confirmed that Natasha and Katelyn were both still in bed and couldn’t see her in this state. Thank goodness.

“All right. See you then. Oh, and thank you, Lily, for taking care of Ange for us.”

Lily laughed nervously. “No problem. She would’ve done the same for me. Bye!” Without waiting for a response, she hastily pushed the End Call button and tore into the bathroom. The door was closed without locking it, and she was already peeing by the time she got her pants down and was sitting on the toilet. The relief was glorious, and she heaved a heavy sigh and leaned her head back against the wall as she fully emptied her bladder.

Once done, she inspected the damage to her clothes. While she had averted a full-blown accident, there was still an extremely obvious wet patch on her pajama pants, and her panties were soaked. After washing her hands, she grabbed her towel from where she had hung it on Friday and wrapped it around herself for some cover as she ventured back out to get some dry clothes. Her wet ones would have to be wrapped up and stowed away discreetly, along with the others from earlier this morning. There went all the pajamas she had packed for this outing. Two accidents in one night? That was a new record, even for her.

~*~*~*~*~

It turned out to be nearly a quarter past ten by the time the Carpenters actually arrived. In the time beforehand, Lily had rummaged up a quick breakfast, showered, and packed up her things. She then did her best to do a suitable job packing a bag for Angelica as well. If the original plan was for the two of them to head back to their parents’ for Christmas, then she imagined the best idea would be for Angie to do her convalescing there—and since she had no idea when Angelica would be discharged, at least she would be ready.

She hid her wet clothes away in her bag, wrapped tightly in plastic bags. While her own parents were no strangers to having to wash her wet pants and underwear, she still wanted to at least try to keep them from finding out about her miniature accidents here. Despite her several incidents since graduating, a part of her still clung to the hope of at least maintaining the façade of dryness to her family—and Angelica’s family also. She had been seen by them with wet pants enough times already.

Thus it was that in the time left after finishing all the packing and double-checking everything, she compulsively used the bathroom three times in the span of twenty minutes, trying to make sure she was as empty as possible. The last thing she needed was to be caught short needing a toilet while with Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter. By this time, Katelyn was up and making coffee, and the two engaged in passing conversation. She offered Lily a cup, who declined it, despite still being behind on sleep. A diuretic would not be welcome at the moment.

Once Angelica’s parents arrived, Lily quickly ran her plan by them, producing the bag for Angelica and throwing her own bag in her car. Mrs. Carpenter thanked her again, Lily climbed in, and they were off. Both in daylight and with the tension of last night passed, the drive to the hospital seemed much shorter than it had close to eight hours earlier.

Upon reaching the hospital, there were some preliminary minutes spent with Angelica’s mom and dad having to supply the insurance information that wasn’t available earlier, while they waited for the doctor to come and explain the details of the situation to them. The doctor appeared after about eight minutes, looking hurried but amiable, and escorted them into a private room. Lily at first felt awkward, not knowing if she was included, but both of Angelica’s parents and the doctor said she was free to join, and the next thing they knew, all three were seated on stuffy vinyl armchairs while the doctor read from her notes.

“When Angelica first came in, judging from the signs she was presenting, most notably the fever, loss of appetite, and especially the pain in her lower right abdomen, our first suspicion was acute appendicitis. She presented with positive Rosenstein and Aure-Rozanova signs, which are both pretty good indications of our diagnosis being correct. Naturally, we ran her blood work as well, and her elevated white blood cell count confirmed this. She told us that she has no allergies that she is aware of, and so we immediately started her on a regimen of amoxicillin and cefazolin to combat infection, then administered a general anesthetic before proceeding with a laparascopic appendectomy. She was in and out of surgery in an hour, and so far she’s been recovering well. She will most likely be ready to be discharged by tomorrow morning.”

The Carpenters had been listening intently, Mr. Carpenter’s hand on his wife’s, though Lily wondered how much more they understood than she did. About half of what the doctor said was unintelligible to her, and she didn’t really know how to respond. Instead of saying anything, she merely sat still and silent, her hands folded in her lap.

The doctor took a breath and smiled. “All in all, it was a pretty straightforward procedure, with no complications. Her appendix hadn’t burst, and there appear to be no signs of septicemia. It was good that she was brought in when she was.” Here she turned her gaze to Lily, who sat up straighter under the subtle compliment. “We will of course continue to monitor her condition, but assuming she gets to go home tomorrow morning, we’ll send her off with a prescription for post-operative antibiotics that she’ll have to stay on for two weeks. She should avoid strenuous activity, especially activity that stresses her core abdominal muscles, for about two weeks also. Recovery differs from person to person, and the important thing is for her to listen to her body and not try to push it into healing faster than it already is. And one more thing—I know this is the holiday season, but she should do her best to limit her intake of fatty foods while she recovers as well.”

She shifted her posture back in a pose that indicated she was finished with her briefing. “Do you all have any questions? You’re more than welcome to visit her whenever you like. In fact, if one of you would like to stay the night here with her, that may make it more comfortable for her.”

Angelica’s parents turned to look at each other, their faces full of uneasiness. Her mom spoke haltingly, “I don’t know—do you think we could?”

Her dad paused pensively, the side of his mouth scrunching up in the same way that Angelica’s did when she was thinking. “I’m not sure. We’ll need the car early tomorrow, and the drive is far…unless you stay here the whole day and I drive home alone tonight…and then I guess I would come back and pick you both up? Ah, but we don’t know what time that will be yet…”

Lily, who had been feeling something like a third wheel this whole time, saw her chance to help out. “I can stay with Angie tonight, if you like. And then I can drive her home once she’s out also.”

Mr. and Mrs. Carpenter looked at her, then at each other, before nodding tentatively to each other and then more confidently to Lily. Mr. Carpenter replied. “That would work out really well, actually. Thank you, Lily.”

With that sorted, the doctor saw to it that they were directed by a nurse’s aide to the room where Angelica was.

~*~*~*~*~

By the time her parents showed up at her room, Angelica had been awake for an hour or so. The ebbs and flows of sleep had gradually grown less and less before abating entirely as the drugs and her own need for rest wore off. Now she found herself fully awake, though still with a certain torpor in her limbs and overall state of being. She had gained consciousness quietly, with no words or reactions given, and then remained that way, lying still, eyes and ears attentive, but attempting to neither say nor do anything.

Part of it was recovery from surgery. The pain in her abdomen was still present, a mild throbbing that was bearable but grew worse if she attempted to move. Clearly she had some recuperation in front of her, a process that would undoubtedly mostly comprise lying still and resting. She had no book or phone or TV with her, so the only thing to do at all was to remain where she was in silence.

The other reason, however, was the fact that she was lying in her own puddle of pee. She could recall through the haze of her semi-lucid state earlier her half-hearted attempts to call for a nurse to help her to the bathroom and then her all too soon capitulation to her bladder. In her fully alert state now, the embarrassment and self-reproach that she hadn’t felt in that moment all began to catch up to her. The idea of thinking it was okay to just give in and wet the bed simply because using the bathroom like an adult took all the colossal effort of pushing a button was utterly shameful. Of course, she knew it was only because she was half awake. Yet somehow, that made it even worse—it would have been better if she’d peed the bed when fully asleep than when only partly asleep. At least if she’d been totally asleep, she wouldn’t remember doing it—and worse, remember choosing to do it.

@@So, now she sat here, not sure what to do. The rational part of her mind told her that nurses are used to bodily functions and have to deal with much worse than relatively benign urine. Nevertheless, the rest of her—the part that felt embarrassment at every accident she’d had, the part that had quailed at the prospect of Brian finding out about them—didn’t quite have the courage yet to confess to a nurse that she’d wet herself. It didn’t help that the IV was steadily replenishing her fluids, making her have to pee again. During her inner turmoil, an orderly had come in bearing a tray of breakfast, and shortly thereafter a nurse had come to check her vital signs and ask how she was feeling. Angelica had kept her answers short and an artificial smile on her face, trying to avoid arousing any suspicion as to the state of her underwear. The nurse seemed to be satisfied by her responses, but before leaving, changed out her IV bag for a fresh one. Terrific. Now she would have to come clean sooner or later, but how was she supposed to go about doing that?

It was in this condition of psychological tension that she was greeted by her parents entering the room, followed shortly by Lily. The look of relieved pathos on their faces, but most especially her mother’s, was enough to snap Angelica’s attention away from her covert puddle and toward the reality of the dreadful worry they must have been experiencing. She raised her arms toward them, surprised at how easy it was to move them now, and her mom came in for a heartfelt (though gentle) hug, being careful not to move her too much. The hug lasted for a long time, and was followed by a shorter though no less caring one from her dad. Lastly, Lily also hugged her, with both of them giggling as they separated, since they had just seen each other eight hours prior.

Naturally, the first part of their conversation was filled with inquisitions as to how she was feeling, what had happened, et cetera. Most of it was information her parents had already heard from Lily and the hospital staff, and Angelica didn’t feel up for talking long as it was, so her answers were kept terse, though not brusque. She had a feeling that conversing was mostly a way for her mom to ease the anxiety inside, which was confirmed when the topic switched to news from home, and then to nothing but trivial small talk. Angelica merely listened, smiling weakly on one side of her face, glad to see the concern melting away from her parents. Her mom was by now sitting in the chair by her bedside, and her dad was leaning up against it, one arm on the back, his other hand in his pocket. By their body language, you would never have guessed they were visiting their only daughter in the hospital. They looked genuinely at ease.

She herself, on the other hand, hoped she didn’t look as on edge as she felt. As the conversation progressed, her bladder had grown fuller and fuller, and she was now starting to be afraid. She had hoped that when the moment came of having to tell a nurse that she’d wet her panties, that she’d be alone. But now, with her family here—what could she do? It’s one thing to excuse yourself from a conversation to go to the bathroom, but it is quite another thing when excusing yourself thus would reveal that it was already a little too late. So, here she was: afraid of revealing her puddle, but unable to keep from adding to it otherwise. She shifted slightly in the bed, her urine squelching unpleasantly around her butt as she did so. She hoped it couldn’t be heard and also hoped she wasn’t blushing. Her private parts itched disagreeably from being soaked in her own urine.

“Patrick should be coming this weekend. We told him about what happened, and he sounded very concerned. He might try to text you or call you. Do you have your phone here?”

Patrick was Angelica’s older brother, and she felt a little bashful at forgetting that he might want to know that his sister was in the hospital. “Um, I don’t think so…”

Lily chimed in. “I brought a bag of your things, Angie. I put your phone with it. I’ll bring it in. Oh, and I think they left your PJs here too. Better make sure we don’t forget them here.”

“Thanks, Lil.”

Lily stood to leave the room, and Angelica’s mom continued. “He also thinks he’s going to propose to Erin on Christmas. Isn’t that wonderful?”

Angelica didn’t know her brother’s current girlfriend that well, but naturally this was something to be excited over. If only she didn’t have to pee right now. She did her best to cover her discomfort. “Wow! That’s really…great.” A better word hadn’t come to mind. She was too distracted by her predicament.

“Isn’t it? He says he has it all planned out. It does mean he’ll have to drive to her house on Christmas day, though, so we won’t get to see him as much.” She sighed. “Oh, but that’s not really important. The important thing is how happy he is. You should have seen his face when he told me over FaceTime. He was positively glowing.”

There was a lull, as if for Angelica to respond, but nothing came to mind for her to say. She shifted again, trying to clench her muscles. The IV, meanwhile, kept steadily dripping away. What could she do? She didn’t want to kick her parents out, but she couldn’t let them see her wet bed. How could she diplomatically get them to leave for a few minutes? Her bladder twitched, and she winced briefly, hoping—ahem—desperately that it wasn’t noticeable.

Her mother picked up the conversation again. “Yes, it will be so wonderful for the two of them. Erin is such a lovely girl. I’m sure she’ll be perfect for him. Even now, you can see how in love he is. He’s just so happy.” She smiled contentedly, and Angelica had to make herself smile too. After a pause, her mother resumed, “I can see the same thing in you, Ange, whenever you talk about Brian. I know it’s too early to talk about something like engagement, but I can tell how much he means to you…and how much you mean to him.”

@@Angelica’s bladder quivered again. She was stuck here, needing badly to pee, unable to excuse herself. Already, her parents had been aware of more times that she’d wet her pants than she ever wanted, and there were other times they knew nothing about. But Brian, on the other hand—Brian knew all about her accidents. She’d peed herself in front of him on more than one occasion, often, as she now thought about it, at key turning points in the development of their relationship. Her memory went back to the incident at the car wash several months earlier, and how it had coincided with the two of them confessing that they loved each other. And then afterwards—afterwards she had been made to come clean to him about the multiple times she had had accidents, all while experiencing yet another one. And somehow….somehow they had only served to bring them closer together, every time. A bizarre new idea crossed the threshold of her mind. It almost seemed as though her pee accidents, rather than humiliating her and ruining her life, had instead worked in the opposite direction. It was because of wetting her pants that she was now best friends with Lily, and—in an utterly extraordinary way—her wet pants had also been inextricably interlaced with her relationship with Brian. Could it be…that her accidents were actually…a blessing in disguise? And now, she needed to go again…and now, they were talking about Brian again. It was like a cosmic sign, an auspicious presage, telling her that all was well, and she could let go.

@@Angelica winced again, slightly more obviously this time, as she began to rewet the bed. Utterly involuntarily, the floodgates again reopened, and her urine started jetting fiercely out into her underwear. The damp and itchy material grew hot and soggy once more, and she could feel the pool around her thighs warming up as it was added to. The liquid sprayed out through her panties, which had been instantly resaturated, and sprinkled out against the inside of her thighs before extending further down and expanding her existing puddle. She tried not to let anything show on her face, but she was sure that she was turning red as her private lake of pee got even bigger, the nonabsorbent mattress causing the borders to expand outwards. She severely hoped that it wouldn’t start dripping off the sides of the bed or darkening the blanket, which was by now the only thing left protecting her dignity. She also couldn’t tell how much of the hissing sound she could hear was her pee’s forceful exodus and how much was the blood ringing in her ears. Either way, she felt on the verge of panic.

Her dad must have noticed the expression on her face, because he moved to a fully standing position, laid a hand on his wife’s shoulder, and said, “Why don’t we let her get some rest now, honey.” Angelica herself said nothing, hoping silently that he had chalked up whatever discomfort he had seen on her face to pain, not embarrassment. Her mom nodded and stood, then reached a hand out to Angelica’s cheek before coming back in for a hug. Angelica couldn’t suppress a little squeaking whimper as her mother leaned in again, mere inches away from where she was still peeing into the mattress, the hospital blanket her only concealment. Once her mother pulled away, her father also gave her a hug, thankfully not as closely, although by now her bladder was nearly empty. Then both her parents stepped away, giving heartfelt waves as they did so. Angelica reciprocated only lukewarmly, still getting over the shock of wetting the bed a second time.

As soon as they were out of the room, she lifted the blanket to survey the damage. Her hospital gown was completely soaked from her navel downwards, not a dry spot to be found. Moreover, her puddle had grown almost comically huge by now, spreading widely out from both hips, down to her calves, and even up her back. This had to be taken care of. No matter how awkward it may be, she would just have to call a nurse to come and help her get cleaned up.

Just then, though, Lily’s face appeared from around the curtain, and Angelica hastily lowered the blanket back down. She didn’t want Lily to know what had happened. In her mind, she told herself that her reticence was because of Lily’s sympathetic spastic bladder, and revealing that she’d had an accident would only make things worse for Lily. In reality, though, she knew full well that the reason she didn’t want Lily to know about her wetting the bed was that it would be embarrassing. Even though they had originally bonded over wetting their pants, she still didn’t volunteer that information if possible.

So why had she with Brian?

All these thoughts flashed through Angelica’s head in an instant, as Lily came in bearing a travel bag. “Here you go, Angie.” She placed the bag on the rolling table beside the bed. “Your phone is in the outside pouch. I told Brian you’d want to call him once you were up. I’m sure he’s pretty worried about you.”

Angelica smiled. “Thanks, Lil.” She reached for the bag, and Lily opened the pouch for her and pulled out the phone, handing it to her. “I think I’ll do that now.”

“All right. And then keep resting, I guess? We’ll be around, so you can always call us.”

“Sure thing. Thanks.”

Lily smiled again and stood to leave. Before she could disappear behind the curtain again, though, Angelica spoke up again. “Oh, Lil? Before you go, could you get me another blanket?”

~*~*~*~*~

The phone call with Brian was short, since Angelica’s conversational stamina was still low. Its main purpose had been to reassure Brian that she was indeed all right, and just recuperating after her surgery. The relief in his voice was wonderful to hear, and a fair amount of the tail end of the conversation consisted almost entirely of him reiterating again and again in as many ways as he could think of just how much he loved her. She couldn’t help but blush at this, her smile dominating one cheek.

As their talk neared its end, however, Angelica found that she was once more overtaken by a wave of sleepiness. She told Brian, and they brought the call to a close, though not without the protracted sentiments that usually accompany the final moments of interactions between young lovers. Once it was over, she lay in bed, clasping her phone over her chest. Drowsiness clouded her mind, and before she knew it, she had again drifted off to sleep. By now, her puddle had cooled to the point of being less perceptible, the extra blanket eliminated the risk of her urine soaking through the top, and her thoughts of calling a nurse to help her get cleaned up vanished in the fog of hypnogogia.

When she awoke, she was startled to realize that she was peeing into the sheets, again. Somehow she had started to wet herself without even feeling it. She gasped and instinctively grabbed at her thighs, then remembered that this would only make it soak through, and instead let go, merely lying there in stunned silence as her bladder emptied itself against her will. This time, she finished very quickly, in only about seven seconds. It seemed insane that she would start peeing involuntarily in her sleep. That had never happened before. It was also odd that she’d wet herself when she evidently didn’t need to go all that badly. And moreover, it was weird that this time, it had kind of burned as she peed.

Well, this couldn’t continue. Embarrassing as it was, she would need to get cleaned up. She took a deep breath and pushed the call button. The IV bag, meanwhile, never stopped dripping.

~*~*~*~*~

The rest of the morning passed by slowly. Angelica was grateful to find that Lily had packed some books in the bag, and reading them helped pass the time. She was also grateful to be in clean sheets and clothes. A nurse’s aide had shown up when she’d pushed the button, and she had to admit that she’d wet the bed. Thankfully, the aide showed no emotion at this, simply moving professionally to help clean her up. This was the initial embarrassment out of the way, but there were two more to come. The first was when she realized once in the bathroom that she couldn’t bend down to take her panties off. That meant that the aide had to help undress and dress her, and also wipe down her legs with some damp cloths. The skin was red and irritated, and Angelica knew that she had what was the equivalent of a diaper rash, though she was greatly relieved that the aide never referred to it as such.

The second embarrassment was when another aide, who had come in to change the bedsheets, was forced to ask for help from a third one when faced with the prospect of cleaning up such an enormous puddle. Even between the two of them, it took longer than normal, and Angelica had to stand there, supported by the first aide, watching and waiting until her pee-drenched bed was dried, sanitized, and re-sheeted. Thank goodness all that was past her now. Reading helped distract her from the fresh memory.

Her parents had let her know that they would come by again in the afternoon to see her, but that afterwards, they would be heading back home. Lily was going to spend the night with Angelica in the hospital, then drive her to her parents’ home once she was discharged. In this time of early afternoon, Angelica was left by herself. She had spent most of the time in her books.

Something that she was aware of, however, was how her bladder felt as though it was filling faster than normal. She would be fine one moment, and then the next be hit by a sudden and massive urge to use the bathroom, her bladder on fire. It was still difficult to get up, and she had to call for help whenever this happened. Every time, she felt as though she barely made it in time, even though the wait couldn’t have been longer than three minutes. The third time, she actually began to leak as she entered the bathroom, pee squirting into her underwear and starting to trickle down her legs before she could get seated on the toilet. She declined to point this out to the nurse’s aide. Additionally, each time she peed, it burned as it came out. She wasn’t sure what was causing this, but hoped and assumed that it was merely the aftermath of her surgery.

Things took a downhill turn, unfortunately, at close to four o’clock. She was close to being finished with a chapter in A Tale of Two Cities when the need to go struck. Unwilling to give up her book just yet, she pressed on, telling herself that she would be fine. Just one more page—surely she could wait that long.

As it turned out, she wasn’t fine, and she couldn’t wait that long.

She had gotten no more than halfway done with her page, clenching and grimacing more than she thought should be necessary to stay in control. But then, with only a few paragraphs left, it happened. With no warning, her sphincter opened, and hot, fiery urine began surging out of her. She gasped and leaned forward, stunned and unable to move as she wet the bed again, this time soiling her new underwear and fresh sheets. The pain made her cringe and whimper as her pee, torturous in its exodus, flooded swelteringly out and pooled around her bottom. She was empty in close to eight seconds—at least, she stopped peeing after eight seconds. She still felt as though she had to go, even though an active push confirmed that there was nothing left to expel.

This wasn’t good. Now what? Call the nurse’s aide, again, to explain that she’d wet the bed? Again? The thought seemed utterly mortifying to her. Instead, she just lay there, in consternation and disquietude, and tried to focus on her book. Although there was only half a page left to the chapter, it took her four tries before she could process what she read well enough to finish.

~*~*~*~*~

The remainder of the day passed very uncomfortably for Angelica. She wasn’t able to work up the gumption to ask for her bed to be changed again, and as the afternoon wore on, it seemed just as well. Whenever she needed to pee, it would be no more than a minute later that she would be peeing, whether she wanted to or not. And it hurt—it hurt to the point that she dreaded having to go at all. Not that she had a choice in the matter. Her bladder filled against her will, and then it would empty against her will as well. Each time it did, she would lean forward as much as she could in her post-op condition, gripping the bedrails and gritting her teeth from the pain, with sweat beading on her forehead. It was pure misery.

By the time her parents came to see her again before they left, her puddle had nearly reached its prior borders. During their visit, she peed herself several more times, though these were much shorter in duration. She found out, in her attempt to disguise her plight, that it was easier to go whenever the urge first presented itself in the slightest, rather than wait for it to build up. Each of these micro-wettings lasted only about three seconds apiece, and she was able to mask the pain in her face more easily.

Then, once her parents had left, she was left alone again. She knew Lily would be coming later, close to 8:30, and she did not want to be in this condition until then. Still, she waited as long as she could before psyching herself up to push that little red button. The longer she waited, the more likely there would be a different shift on duty—one that hadn’t already had to change her bed.

Her reasoning appeared to work, as the aide who answered her call was someone she hadn’t seen before. Just like the time earlier in the day, the woman who responded to the button didn’t appear to show any shock or disgust at what had happened, instead merely helping Angelica to the bathroom to be changed again. At least there were multiple sets of clothes in the bag Lily had brought. Angelica chose a new pair of panties, doing her best to hide the already soiled pair from view, and shuffled off to get into them. She also knew better at this point than to watch when her bed was being cleaned up.

Once everything was ready, she made her way back to the bed, holding her head straight, resisting the impulse to try to hide her face. Maybe if she acted like nothing was wrong, just like the hospital staff had, then she could forget all about this. She also realized, to her consolation, that she could walk by herself much more easily by now. Hopefully that meant that she could get up to use the bathroom on her own from now on.

Thus it was that by the time Lily arrived, she was greeted by an Angelica who was somewhat abnormally optimistic and cheerful. Little did she know that it was because it was one of the few times today that Angelica lay in a dry bed.

~*~*~*~*~

Lily stirred fitfully in her sleep. After getting to the hospital, she and Angelica had spent close to an hour talking about anything and nothing in particular. During that time, it did seem as though Angelica had to get up to use the bathroom a good deal more often than normal, but other than that, it was just like any other time the two of them spent together. There were moments when it even slipped her mind, albeit briefly, that they were currently in a hospital because she had found Angelica collapsed on the floor less than twenty-four hours earlier.

Still, despite her good spirits, Angelica did tire out more quickly than normal and decided she wanted to turn in. One last trip to the toilet, and then she and Lily wished each other good night. After Angelica closed her eyes and began to drift off, Lily spent another forty-five minutes or so on her phone, aimlessly entertaining herself, the room suddenly feeling sullen and lonely. She also discovered, to her annoyance, that the light on the wall by the curtain evidently stayed on 24/7. That, combined with having to try to fall asleep in a hospital armchair, made her prospects of sleeping well go more than a little sour.

She did her best. Nevertheless, it took her close to twenty minutes to find a position that was at least halfway comfortable, and then another thirty minutes to finally slip into a light and restless slumber.

@@As she slept, the memories of the last day flitted to and fro through her head. The ease and joie de vivre which the two friends had just shared merged and blended in the confusion of her dozing brain with the shock and terror she had experienced on first finding Angie on the floor. In her dreaming state, which was rapidly becoming a nightmare, the two events crisscrossed and bled in and out of each other, and the jealousy she had felt earlier seeped into both, distorting them until she wasn’t sure which was real and which was false. In one moment, her jumbled and bewildered subconsciousness would tell her that the scariness of seeing Angelica passed out in the bathroom was all just a bad dream, and the truth was that everything was fine, and the two of them were having fun together; and in the next moment, like a mask coming off, came the suggestion, like a haunting specter, that her memories of friendship with Angie were nothing more than memories, and that the reality was that Angie was dying—or dead. What she had found on the bathroom floor hadn’t been Angelica, but merely her body—her corpse. And there were even venomous whispers saying that she was glad of it; or worse, that it had been her doing.

With a start, Lily jerked awake. Her brain was still muddled and foggy, and her dreams seemed to overlap with the waking world. It didn’t help that her neck was dreadfully stiff and that she didn’t know where she was at first. Blinking the sleep and confusion out of her eyes, she tried to make sense of her surroundings. Slowly and gradually, remembrance seeped back into the forefront of her brain, but it brought with it no abatement of the unease still roiling in her gut. She also realized that she had to pee.

It was coming back to her now: she was at the hospital, spending the night with Angelica. Angelica had been brought here two nights ago to get an operation done, and then she would be released. Or was she brought here last night? Lily’s head wasn’t yet clear, and the fact that the room appeared identical to how it had when she had first gone to sleep unnerved her somehow. The same light on the wall was still lit, making it difficult to gauge how late—or early—it actually was. Had she been asleep for fifteen minutes or five hours? How long had Angie been in the hospital, anyway? Her brain was resisting lucidity.

@@Lily leaned forward and stood, trying to get the blood flowing to think clearly again. She rubbed her eyes and stared at Angelica lying in bed. She lay in the exact same position that she had been in when Lily had first gone to sleep, and for some reason this unnerved her even more. Now that she thought about it, Angelica was lying completely still—totally, absolutely, entirely still. Ghastly terrors surged up through Lily, prickling her skin with goosebumps and making her hair stand on end. Additionally, a quiver went through her bladder, and she had to clamp her legs together. Staring at Angelica’s motionless body in the bed sent pictures through her head of mannequins and doppelgängers, cleverly disguised facsimiles straight out of uncanny valley, like in Invasion of the Body Snatchers. More grisly and primal were the notions of corpses, lifeless and empty containers, like Victorian dolls. She remembered the practice of taking photographs with dead relatives that people used to do in the 1800s, and she lost her nerve.

With one swift motion, she reached out and flung the blanket off Angelica. Angelica didn’t move at all, not even a sigh or a twitch. Lily stared in horror, unable to see Angelica’s chest rise or fall. But then something else caught her attention.

Down at Angelica’s crotch, there was a dark wet puddle.

As Lily gawked at Angelica’s accident, mouth agape, she noticed that the puddle wasn’t just there—it was getting bigger. Indeed, in the relative silence, above the assorted faint noises of hospital equipment and her own thumping heart, Lily could hear the quiet hssssss of Angelica wetting the bed.

Panic flooded through Lily’s nerves. She knew that when people die they lose control of their bodily functions. And all her nightmares, and then suddenly waking up—why had she jerked awake just then? A chill went through her, down to her soul. She had heard of things like this. Had she been woken up by Angelica’s spirit leaving her body?

Had Angie just…died?

Soul-tearing terror raced through Lily’s body as she suddenly screamed involuntarily, not knowing what else to do. She bolted for the door just in time to almost run into the nurse on duty, who had come to see what the matter was. In her panic and distress, Lily could barely form words. “It’s…it’s her…my friend…I, I, I don’t think…I don’t know…I don’t think she’s breathing…”

The nurse had begun to move even before Lily could finish explaining herself. With a swift efficiency, she moved behind the curtain and out of Lily’s sight. Lily stood by the door, unable and unwilling to follow, her feet feeling leaden. She discovered quite unexpectedly that she was bawling by now, tears streaming down her face in sheer dread. The other patient in the room had been roused by all the noise and was now glancing around in confusion, looking at Lily, then the curtain, then back at Lily—and then down at her legs. It was at that point that Lily suddenly noticed that she didn’t feel the need to pee anymore.

@@Looking down at herself, she gasped. Her corduroy pants were dark, almost black, in a wide patch around her crotch. The wetness reached down her left thigh, almost to her knee, and was now making its journey down her right leg as well. She was unable to stop herself as she wet her pants in pure fear, her pee jetting helplessly out into her sopping underwear. Her legs were shaking and her sobs continued, but she could do nothing about it. It was almost as if her nightmares had never ended, and now she was locked in a form of sleep paralysis. She could feel the shameful heat spread itself across her butt as well, expanding insatiably underneath her left cheek, and now it was trickling down into her left shoe. A moment later, and the hot yellow liquid began pooling on the tile floor around her feet. It was joined by a stream that broke off her right leg just above the knee and sprinkled and splashed loudly into the puddle she had already made, splattering droplets of pee humiliatingly all over her tennis shoes.

Within ten seconds, she had completely emptied herself, and still she stood, rooted to the spot in trepidation. She put a hand over her mouth, muffling her cries as she shook uncontrollably from the shock. When she had first found Angelica on the floor in the apartment, that had been bad enough, but just now—seeing Angie like that, not knowing whether or not she was dead, again—it was like ripping the scab off the original trauma. A tiny, faraway part of her wondered if this was the kind of thing you could get PTSD from. And now, even though her bladder was empty, her insides suddenly twisted, sending a shudder of pain through her abdomen. Without warning, she farted loudly and grabbed her bottom with her free hand. She couldn’t be sure, but at this moment, she felt as though she might likely mess herself as well. And what was taking the nurse so long?

As if to answer her question, the curtain was abruptly partially slid back to reveal the nurse with one arm around Angelica, helping her walk forward while using her IV pole for support. Upon seeing Angelica alive, Lily let out a cry and rushed forward, wrapping her arms around her best friend. Tears welled up and spilled over afresh, though these ones were more of relief than grief or fear.

“Oh, Angie! Angie, Angie, I thought you were dead.” Her face was buried in Angelica’s shoulder, muffling her words and absorbing her tears.

The nurse was a little taken aback by Lily’s sudden and forceful display of emotion. She spoke with a hint of humor in her voice. “No, not dead in the traditional sense. Just a very deep sleeper. Of course, that means she’s getting her rest, which is what we want.”

Lily pulled her face back and looked Angelica in the eye with a wet, mushy expression. Angelica smiled limply on one side and said in a throaty, just-woken-up rasp, “Yeah, I’m fine, Lil. I was just totally out of it.”

Lily heaved a sigh at how comforting it was to hear her friend’s voice. “But it didn’t look like you were breathing…and then you’d wet the bed…”

Angelica blushed and cleared her throat. “Oh. Yeah…I guess I was sleeping pretty deeply.” She smiled awkwardly.

Lily laughed, her tension from only minutes earlier blissfully abating. “But so what? Look at me. I got so scared, thinking you were dead, that I totally peed my pants.” She stepped back and looked down, pulling her soaked corduroys forward with her hands to be better on display.

The nurse raised an eyebrow, but Angelica raised both. Of course, it wasn’t very unusual for Lily to have incontinence issues, but now—now with her own recent bladder problems, this wasn’t something Angelica wanted to see. She knew Lily was only showing her out of solidarity, but viewing it made a sharp knife of pain pierce her crotch. As the fiery sensation mounted, she vaguely wondered if this was what it was like for Lily.

Without warning, she grimaced and then moaned, leaning forward slightly. The next thing anyone knew, there was a hiss and then a two-second splattering as Angelica peed her panties in another micro-wetting, gritting her teeth and breathing heavily as she did so. Her urine splattered over the floor, splashing her hospital socks and sending a few trickles down her legs.

The nurse saw what had happened and took on a matronly tone. “Okay. Well then, let’s get you cleaned up and then you can go back to resting. And you can call us if you need any more help with anything, including getting to the toilet. That’s why we’re here.” She reached back and pushed the button on the bed again. Then, addressing Lily, she asked gently, “Do you have anything to change into, hon?”

Lily took a second to reply. She was still shocked at seeing Angelica wet herself in response to seeing her accident. Normally it was the other way around. Could some of her sympathetic condition be rubbing off on Angelica? That sounded like her worst nightmare. Even now, with a recently emptied bladder, her insides quivered in response to seeing Angelica lose control of her bodily functions. She realized with a start that she hadn’t answered the question and snapped her gaping mouth shut before opening it again to reply, “Uh…oh, uh, yeah. Yeah, I’ve got a bag. With me.”

The nurse nodded before proceeding. “I’ll just get this one cleaned up, then the bathroom’s all yours.” She resumed her pilgrimage with Angelica on her arm. At that point, a nurse’s aide appeared in the doorway. The nurse addressed him, “Can we get the bedsheets changed here? And call a janitor to clean up the floor as well.” He nodded and disappeared again.

As Angelica passed by Lily, she breathed out a quiet, “Sorry, Lil.” Then she and the nurse were in the bathroom, and the door cut them off from sight, leaving Lily by herself. She took a deep breath and stared down at the tiny puddle left by Angelica, then turned her head to face her own much larger one. Did she just make Angie have an accident? That wasn’t how it worked. That wasn’t how it went at all. And then, despite having already peed herself, her intestines were still unsettled. The memories of their disastrous trip to Fright Manor resurfaced, and how even after she’d wet her pants, she ended up soiling them—but not until Angelica had. As if on cue, she could feel her bowels rumble, and then another fart trumpeted out. She instantly grabbed her behind and bit her lip. No. No, no, no. She couldn’t let history repeat itself.

Butt still clenched, she shuffled back to Angelica’s side of the room to grab some spare clothes from her bag. While there, more gas slipped out unbidden, each burst threatening to bring something more with it. She had to squeeze her muscles as tightly as possible to stay in control. The cooling wetness now clinging to her skin on her legs and especially all around her private parts was only making it worse.

New clothes in hand, she speed walked back to the other side of the room by the bathroom. Now she had to wait until it was free. In theory it wouldn’t take that long for Angie to simply get new underwear on and a new hospital gown, but every second, Lily’s psychological resolve was slipping. She knew she should resist the urge to knock on the door, since they would be out as soon as they could. But there was Angelica’s miniature pool on the floor, and there was her own large pool on the floor, now spreading out under the other patient’s bed, and soon a janitor would be coming in to clean up both and he’d see them both, and here she was in soaked and dripping pants…

More gas came squeaking out of her rear, and this time, her fears were validated. As her flatulence exited, she could feel something solid begin to stretch open her sphincter. With her clothes under her arm and panic on her face, she grabbed her cheeks with both hands, trying to physically hold them closed. A whimper emerged from where she was biting her lip, doing everything in her power to keep from humiliating herself further.

At that point, the bathroom door opened, and Angelica and the nurse stepped out. Without any explanation, Lily quickly brushed past them and slammed the door. She yanked her pants down as far as they would go, though they were still clinging to her skin in their wet state, and expelled the contents of her rectum forcefully and with a splash and great relief into the safety of the toilet bowl.

She drew a hand across her face, brushing her hair out of her eyes and letting out a long sigh of dissipating tension. Then she finished up her business and set about to changing her pants. As she peeled them off, she could see on the seat of her panties a smushed brown stain. So, she hadn’t fully made it in time. Still, she consoled herself, it could have been much worse. Better to avoid a full-fledged accident, regardless of any minor leaks, right? Right. And since she needed to change her underwear anyway, it was just as well. For now, the important thing was to get into dry clothes and attempt to get more sleep. She still had no idea what time it was.

Once she was done putting on her dry pants, she stepped back out. The janitor was there, mopping up her puddle. She tried to avoid eye contact and feign ignorance of what had happened, but she knew her face was red. And the other patient was still awake, and still staring.

~*~*~*~*~

When the next morning came, Lily was awoken by the hustle and bustle of activity that takes place at any given moment on a hospital floor. Angelica was brought breakfast and medicine and had her vital signs checked, the nurse (a different one from during the night) telling her that she would likely be discharged by around eight o’clock. Lily checked the time on her phone. It was 7:32.

Angelica, on the other hand, was already awake. She was naturally an earlier riser, but ever since the incident in the middle of the night, she hadn’t ever fully fallen back asleep. Her bladder felt irritated constantly, and just when she thought she might succeed in dozing off, it sent of signals that it needed to be emptied. Every time, she would painstakingly get up, shuffle over to the bathroom, delicately remove her underwear, and slowly position herself over the toilet, only to find there was little more than a few squirts inside her. Then it would be back to bed, only to repeat the process twenty or thirty minutes later. It was awful.

Now it was the day she should be going home, and the sooner, the better. In her exhausted and sleep-deprived state, it seemed as though all her problems would go away if only she could be at her own home, in her own bed, with her family. She ate her breakfast slowly. It was surprisingly good, for a hospital meal, but it still felt sterile and mechanical. She could remember the taste of freshly baked muffins, and it made her all the more eager to be able to leave. Lily had disappeared to find her own breakfast by now, probably from the hospital cafeteria. Angelica just hoped Lily would be back not a second later than when she received her discharge.

Once she finished with her breakfast, she sat still and waited impatiently. Lily came back after three more minutes, finishing the last of a breakfast burrito. When Angelica asked, Lily told her the time. 7:56. It felt as though it had been longer than that.

Conversation continued between the two of them, but they never shook the feeling that it was only there to fill the time, and as such, it never continued of its own accord. Besides, Angelica still felt thoroughly enervated from her restless night. She wondered languidly if she should call Brian again, and Lily suggested doing it on the ride home. His school was too far away for him to have been able to come and see Angelica in the hospital, and even though it wasn’t his fault, she knew he felt terrible about it. The good news was that they would be able to see each other over Christmas break. If I ever get out of here, at least. Eight o’clock had come and gone, and now neither girl knew how long of a wait it would be.

At long last, at nearly 8:20, the doctor briskly strode in, a tall, crow-like figure, with a nurse in tow. His voice rang out, full of lively confidence. “Good morning, Miss Carpenter.” He approached the side of her bed and fixed her with a gaze of appraisal. “And how are we feeling this morning? I believe someone is due to be going home today.” Angelica couldn’t help but smile weakly, one corner of her mouth lifting. “So, we’ll just be doing a few more checks and getting you a prescription for antibiotics, and you should be all set.” He produced a sheaf of papers from under his arm. “I have your discharge papers right here. We just need to go over a few things.”

Angelica seemed to demonstrate all the patience of a saint, sitting quietly and giving the occasional nod to what the doctor was saying. To Lily, though, it all felt like it was taking more time than necessary. From what she could tell, most of what the doctor was talking about was just rehashing what Angelica could just read in the discharge papers. It was probably a legal requirement. She decided the best thing to do would be to make sure everything was packed up. She grabbed both of their phone chargers, then politely slipped up by Angelica’s bed to collect the books. There, all done. Now just stuff them into Angelica’s bag, and—

She stopped abruptly. She knew Angie had had to change her underwear last night, but there, tucked away in the far corner of her bag, was not one pair of damp panties, but three. She swallowed and turned a cautious gaze back toward the bed. Angelica still appeared tranquil and unruffled, if a bit bedraggled. Had she had more than one accident during her time here?

A sympathetic twinge in her bladder made Lily grunt and squeeze her thighs together. She probably shouldn’t have had the large coffee with her breakfast burrito. She was just about to run off to the bathroom when she heard the doctor say, “All right! That should take care of everything. Let’s get you dressed and ready to go.” She hurriedly procured a pair of pants and a bra and turtleneck for Angelica, who was by now being helped out of the bed by the nurse. They slowly made their way to the bathroom again, where, after a few minutes, they emerged with Angelica fully dressed. Lily was surprised, however, to see that the IV was still in Angelica’s arm. “Aren’t you going to take that out?”

The nurse replied patiently, “We’re still finalizing her discharge. The doctor still needs to get her prescription written up, plus the meds she’ll be taking home. It shouldn’t take too long, so for now, we’ll just be heading downstairs to the lobby. Someone will be by shortly to get her the rest of what she needs, and we’ll take this out then.” She gently tapped the line in the crook of Angelica’s elbow, where her turtleneck sleeve was rolled up.

Lily nodded a quick “okay” and made a move to go into the bathroom herself, but the nurse had by now unfolded a wheelchair from somewhere and had Angelica sit in it. Then, carefully handling both the IV pole and the wheelchair handles, she started wheeling Angelica away, evidently expecting Lily to follow.

Lily had to hastily grab their bags and catch up. She didn’t realize their departure would be so sudden. Most likely they were trying to empty the bed as quickly as possible. She quickly closed the gap between them, panting a little bit as if she had been rushing to catch a flight, with the two bags hanging off her shoulders. The nurse led them into an elevator, down to the ground floor, and then had them sit off to the side in the waiting area. “Stay right here. Someone should be by in just a few minutes.” Then she was gone.

Lily took a seat next to Angelica and let down her bags, breathing deeply. “We’re parked out in the overnight parking lot. It’s not far from here. Then we’ll be going home.” She smiled, hoping to cheer Angelica up, who had looked increasingly miserable over the last several minutes.

Angelica merely nodded. “I’m so tired, Lil.” Her head was lolling over, but there was no way to support it while in a wheelchair. “I didn’t sleep well at all.”

Lily, who had not only slept better but also consumed a large coffee, nodded in empathy but not at all in sympathy. She was beginning to feel downright jittery and was having a hard time sitting still. This was not entirely due to the caffeine, however. The quantity of liquid and the diuretic effect it had meant her bladder’s contents were steadily and exigently increasing. She wiggled her bottom into the chair, not wanting to leave Angelica by herself right now. Once she got her discharge all completed, then they could both go use the toilet before getting on the road. The nurse promised it wouldn’t be too much longer.

Unfortunately, as the minutes ticked by, she couldn’t help but grow more and more restless. Angelica wasn’t up for conversation by this time, being too exhausted, and instead merely sat there with her eyes closed in an expression of longsuffering befitting a statue of a saint or a yogi. Lily tried occupying herself with her phone, but she was never able to distract herself from the obvious reality that she was only doing this to try to distract herself, and she ended up putting it away. Four times she pulled it out for a few minutes, only to slip it back into her pocket shortly afterwards. By now, they had probably been sitting here for nearly half an hour.

She stretched her neck, looking around for anyone to talk to, and then let out a sigh and slapped her hands down on the armrests of the chair. “This is getting ridiculous. I’m going to see what’s taking so long.” Angelica didn’t answer beyond a deep exhalation, and Lily pushed herself and walked over to the reception desk. It felt good to stretch her legs after sitting so long; however, the movement also subconsciously cued her bladder into thinking relief was near, and once she was up, her need to go spiked. Walking wasn’t so bad, but once she had to stand still at the desk, she had to take a deep breath to keep in control.

The receptionist fixed her with a face of dispassionate professionalism. “Hello, how can I help you?”

Lily shuffled her legs one over the other, rubbing her thighs together. “Hi, yeah, um, my friend was supposed to be discharged this morning, and we were told that someone would be bringing her the rest of her papers, I think—also, she still has her IV in? Anyway,”—here she needed to cross one leg over the other—“um, do you know if anyone’s coming to do that?”

The receptionist nodded and turned her attention to the computer screen. “Sure thing. What’s your friend’s name?”

“Angelica Carpenter. She’s sitting right over there, in the wheelchair.”

The receptionist nodded without looking up and continued typing. Then she picked up her phone and punched in a few digits. While she waited for a response, Lily had to uncross her legs and cross them again the other way, her need to pee impossible to ignore at this point. After several seconds, the receptionist spoke into the phone, “Hi, can you tell me what the status is for the discharge of Angelica Carpenter?” She took care to enunciate the name clearly. “Carpenter. Yes. Her friend is here, and she says that someone was supposed to follow up on them. Okay. All right, great. Thanks.” She hung up and turned back to Lily. “They told me someone’s on their way down right now.”

Lily grinned and squeezed her legs together. “Great! Thanks!” She strode back to where Angelica was sitting and flopped back into her chair. Even though she had to use the bathroom pretty badly at this point, she would have to wait until Angie got taken care of. “Good news, Angie,” she led off. “They said someone’s coming down right now.”

Angelica again said nothing, but simply cracked open one eye and then closed it again. Even for being tired, this was unusual behavior for her. Lily leaned forward, a look of concern crossing her face. “Hey, Angie, are you okay? You don’t seem all right.”

It was at this point that Lily noticed that Angelica’s hands, instead of being discreetly folded in her lap, were in fact wedged between her legs. Did—did she have to pee, too? Before Lily could even ask, Angelica moaned out a reply. “No, I’m not. I don’t know what’s wrong with me, Lil, but ever since yesterday, I’ve been needing to pee pretty much all the time. Even once I do, it still feels like I need to go.” She let out a plaintive whimper. “And it hurts when I pee, too. But it also hurts to hold it, and—and it’s harder to hold it, too.”

Her voice was tremulous and laced with pain. Lily swallowed, unease over her sympathetic condition eclipsed by worry for her best friend. It didn’t stop her bladder from spasming in response, though, and she quickly jammed a hand into her own crotch. “Well, let’s go find a bathroom, then. You shouldn’t have to wait and suffer like this.” She placed her free hand on Angelica’s shoulder, ready to stand and wheel her to the nearest restroom.

Right at that moment, though, a figure seemed to materialize at Angelica’s side. A deep, masculine voice boomed out, “Angelica Carpenter? I have your paperwork and medication right here.” Lily quickly pulled her hand out from her groin and then clamped her lips shut tightly, willing down the surge in desperate pain that rose up as a result. Angelica didn’t show as much urgency, but she didn’t move her hands, either. Instead, for the first time in a while, she opened her eyes and looked up. The nurse beside her handed her a bulging manila envelope. “Your paperwork and instructions are in there. There’s also bottle of antibiotics, with a prescription to get them refilled.” He smiled cordially. “Is there anything you need before you go, any questions you have?” He moved his hands in a gesture to indicate the generality of his question.

Lily crossed one leg over the other, trying to hide her skittishness. “I, uh, I think we’re fine. Right, Angie? Fine?” Her leg was bouncing up and down at this point.

Angelica gave a weary nod, and the nurse gave a thumbs-up. “That’s what I like to hear. Let me just get this out for you.” He produced a pair of gloves and a Band-Aid. After clamping off the IV, he peeled off the medical tape holding the IV catheter in place, making Angelica wince. But then, so smoothly that she could hardly feel it, he pulled it out of Angelica’s arm and covered the spot with the Band-Aid. After nearly thirty-six hours of being attached to it, she was finally free. The nurse straightened back up. “All right. All done. You’re good to go.” He flashed another smile and thumbs-up and then turned to leave.

Lily knew they didn’t have any time to waste. Her own pee was throbbing inside her by now, and Angelica was probably in much worse pain. Hopping to her feet, she slung the bags haphazardly over her shoulders and seized the wheelchair handles. She restrained herself from running, but nevertheless kept her pace a good deal brisker than leisurely.

There was the sign for restrooms. Follow that. Walking was, thankfully, helping her stay in control. Still, she had to keep her thigh muscles tight, her toes curling, and that made it harder to move quickly. She bit her lip. They were close now. Just had to make it.

Turning the corner, she was met by the glorious sight of the women’s restroom, its wide wooden door promising deliverance. She parked the wheelchair right in front of it. “We’re here, Angie. Come on, let me help you.” She held out her hand.

Angelica slowly removed one hand from her crotch, using it to take Lily’s, but kept the other one firmly in place. As she stood with halting and drawn out movement, she winced and grimaced again. Lily was struck by another pang of compassion for her friend, but also by a pang of something else much more visceral. She rubbed her thighs together and squeezed her legs tight. If she had been by herself, she would immediately race into the bathroom and hop on a toilet. But she needed to help Angelica first. I can make it. I can make it. I’m so close. We can both make it.

Angelica moved stiffly, pain outlined in her face. With Lily’s arm around her, they pushed through the heavy door into the restroom. Being inside the bathroom suddenly made it so much worse, and Lily had to briefly bend over a little, doing her best to hold it without any free hands to help. She just needed to get Angelica to a stall, and then she could go pee.

They shuffled painstakingly over to the handicapped stall. By this time, Angelica was gritting her teeth and sucking the air through them. Lily felt awful for her, but they were so close now! They were so close! And now Angelica was at the stall door, and Lily let go of her hand. They had made it!

But just then, standing in the doorway to the bathroom stall, Angelica took one look at the toilet and let out a guttural moan. She bent over, using her free hand to support herself on the stall wall, and lost all power to hold back anymore.

A hiss could be heard resounding off the tiles of the bathroom as Angelica wet her pants. The faint noise was frequently interrupted by her gasps of pain, her countenance a mask of agony. She stood there, unmoving, unable to focus enough to even make an attempt to cut off the flow and finish in the toilet bowl. Instead, her dark jeans grew even darker underneath her butt, a shiny stain spreading down under both thighs and then sprinkling over the floor, the splattering sound echoing through the confined space. Even with losing control, she felt no relief, only the cruel burning of her pee as it flowed out of her. The pee patch drifted lower and lower down her legs until it met the cuff at her right ankle, where it spilled out, soaking her sock and gushing out into her puddle.

As soon as Lily heard the hiss, she knew it was too late. She grabbed herself and bent over, biting down hard on her lip, as her own bladder pulled itself tighter and tighter until it felt like it would surely explode. And then, as it always did, her sphincter gave up, like post-workout muscles that have lost all ability to obey commands. A high-pitched whine of panic slipped out of her, “No, Angie, no, no, no, no, no,” before trailing off into a squeak as her own urinary system followed Angelica’s example.

Pee began shooting into her underwear, immediately soaking through it and spreading up in front and back. A second later, she could feel her hands grow warm and wet as a dark stain emerged from behind them, inexorably forcing its borders outward. She gasped and cried out, but her psychological barriers had been breached, and she was unable to stop herself. The hot liquid flooded down her legs, the tight fabric of her jeans pressing the scalding moistness right up against her skin and making the obvious wetness of the cloth spread out from the inside of her legs until it stretched entirely around her calves to meet on the outside. She could hear the loud cacophony of her accident splashing noisily on the floor, and it only made her pee even harder. Already Angelica’s puddle was a sizeable one, a cloudy, irregular lake of tepid humiliation, and now Lily was giving her a run for her money with her own.

Angelica didn’t move until she was completely empty, breathing heavily the whole time. Lily, on the other hand, bobbed and twisted for a while before realizing it was useless, and then merely stood there like Angelica, not moving until she was finished. By the time both of them were done, they had each peed for nearly twenty seconds. Angelica’s pants sported a wet stain that, while clearly visible, was not extraordinarily large, and they were already dark to begin with. Lily, on the other hand—she had utterly soaked her jeans. The wetness formed a broad patch over her crotch in the front and completely outlined the contours of her buttocks in the back. Both girls stood there, dripping, with their drenched shoes making ripples in their merged, seven-foot-wide puddle. At least they were the only ones in the bathroom.

It was Lily who broke the dejected silence. “Let’s get cleaned up, Angie, so we can go home.” Home. It was the place filled with family and love and good memories and homemade food and their own beds—and a washer and dryer.

~Aftermath~

Changing their clothes in the bathroom was a slow, difficult process. The good thing was that they could do so in the privacy of the stalls, so that by the time the door opened and someone came in, all they heard was a yelp of surprise, followed by a swift exit. Provided no one actually saw them in their wet clothes, they’d be in the clear.

Lily finished changing first, sitting on the toilet after disrobing just to make sure she had truly peed out everything she had. Once she was done, she went to check on Angelica. Angelica had managed to get out of her wet things and into new underwear, but couldn’t do the bending necessary to get her clean pants up, meaning Lily had to help her. There was nothing that either of them could do about their soaked shoes, which was unfortunate, especially considering there was snow on the ground outside. By the time they both were able to leave the restroom, the wheelchair was nowhere to be found, so they both had to make the slow trek out to Lily’s car in squelching footwear.

The drive home was uneventful as well, save only for the fact that they had to stop at least once every forty minutes for Angelica to be able to go to the bathroom. Lily joined her each time, both to give her any help she needed and to use the toilet herself, just to be on the safe side. Other than that, the trip passed with next to no conversation, since Angelica spent most of it asleep, or at least trying to be.

@@It was after several days of being home and recovering fairly well that it became undeniable that there was actually something wrong with Angelica’s bladder, and that her frequent urges to urinate and pain upon doing so weren’t simply a side effect of her surgery. She was feeling much more herself in every way, except her bladder problems were not subsiding. Thus it was that she found herself going back to a doctor after less than a week out of the hospital to have herself checked out. The news came back: all her symptoms were consistent with a urinary tract infection, and a pretty severe one at that, since she was already on antibiotics when she got it. The doctor didn’t seem at all fazed, telling her and her parents that a UTI was the most common kind of infection to pick up while in a hospital, though the word he used was “nosocomial.” The result was that Angelica got a prescription for trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole to combat the bacteria and phenazopyridine to alleviate the discomfort. The doctor did add, though, that since the infection appeared to be flourishing while Angelica was already on antibiotics, she would need to come in for follow-up visits to ensure they were able to eradicate it. In the end, the phenazopyridine turned out to be a godsend for taking away the burning; though, as the doctor warned her, it did turn her urine bright orange, which was weird to see for the first time.

Several weeks later, though, and she was, by all accounts, fully recovered from her appendectomy and mostly recovered from her UTI. The frequent urges to go had gone away, and the only lingering symptom was one of not being able to hold it for as long once she did have to go. She had actually had a close call when getting the staples removed from her scars about a week prior, only barely making it to the toilet in time once the nurse had finished the procedure. Now she would have no more post-op visits, and hopefully only one more appointment about her urinary tract infection.

That could wait, though. Today, it was Christmas Day, and she was happy. The morning had passed with a lot of celebration, with her, Patrick, and their parents opening gifts and eating a hearty Christmas breakfast. Then, as the day lapsed into the lazy afternoon hours, Patrick had left with a spring in his step, like a little boy on…well, Christmas, to go by Erin’s house and put his proposal plan into motion. They had all crossed their fingers for him, even though they had no doubt she would say yes. The last thing they saw before he pulled out of the driveway was the look on his face, one of joyful eagerness, the conqueror rushing to claim his prize.

That face stayed with Angelica into the afternoon, even as she sat by the fireplace and read the copy of The Grapes of Wrath that she’d been given. She remembered when Brian had first asked her to be his girlfriend, and how she had seen him wear that same expression. Hearing Patrick talk about Erin, it was obvious how deeply in love with her he was, how much he was willing to give of himself for her. She wondered—was it similarly obvious to Brian’s family how important she was to him? Lily’s directive still resounded in the back of her mind: “You need to marry that man.”

Winter darkness fell early, and Angelica realized she had been too distracted to make nearly any progress in her book. She set it down, stretched, stood, and wandered into the kitchen. There, her mother was busily finishing the last touches on the turkey before it went into the oven. She noticed Angelica and looked up with a smile. “There. Now, I don’t know if Patrick’ll be back here in time for dinner or not, but I’m not going to make the rest of us wait to eat. Whenever he does come back, though…” She opened the refrigerator and extracted a bottle of champagne.

Angelica laughed. “You’re a week early, mom. Shouldn’t we be having something more Christmassy? Like…wassail or something?”

Her mom gave her a bemused look. “Ange, I have no idea what wassail even is.”

“Figgy pudding?”

Her mom laughed heartily. “Right, and who would eat it? No one in this family likes figs!”

Angelica smiled, one corner of her mouth rising jocularly. “Eh, we’d do it anyway. It would be our duty as supportive family members.”

Both of them laughed this time, as her mother stowed the bubbly away again. “And when do we ever drink champagne? It’s fitting this time. We have something to celebrate. We’re gaining a new daughter.” Despite her smile, a quaver came into her voice and her eyes started watering. “Oh dear. There I go. Listen, dinner won’t be ready for a while, so why don’t you go out for a walk for a bit? I think it’s just starting to snow.”

Angelica looked out the window to see that her mother was correct. It wasn’t the first thing that would cross her mind to do, but she’d been sitting around for hours now. She went and bundled herself up in her winter coat, mittens, earmuffs, and snow boots, then exited into the winter wonderland.

Her breath showed up in frosty puffs, each one lit up by the streetlights and the almost-full moon overhead. The stars were mostly obscured by the clouds that were now blanketing her street in white magic, and the evening was silent with the fairylike hush that only falling snow can produce. The only sounds audible were the crunching of snow under her feet and her own breathing. The frigid air was bringing the blood to her cheeks and nose, and snowflakes kept catching on her eyelashes. It truly was a beautiful night—a white Christmas. The only way it could be better would be if Brian—

Then something caught her eye. She wasn’t alone. On the path ahead of her was a man walking her direction. Normally, such a thing wouldn’t stand out, but this man was walking very oddly, as if he were trying in vain to appear casual. Also, something about him looked familiar…

Then it clicked, sending her running as fast as one can in slippery snow towards him with a cry of jubilation. As soon as he saw her start running, he began to run as well, arms wide to receive her.

Once they met, he swept her off the ground in a hug, spinning her once, then twice, then slipping and sending them both into the snowbank on the third spin. Lying in the freezing pile of snow, laughing and breathless, they leaned in and kissed.

Brian (it hardly needs to be said who it was) was first on his feet, helping Angelica up. He grinned boyishly. “Surprised to see me?”

Angelica was still catching her breath. “Um, yes! Of course! I had no idea you were going to be here! You came here to surprise me?” He nodded impishly, grinning broadly. “Wait, did my mom know about this? I knew it was a little weird for her to suddenly suggest I go for a walk!” They both laughed again, and then Brian held her mittened hand in his own as they resumed walking, chatting in the manner that sweethearts do. Much as she was happy to be with Brian, however, Angelica did feel a bit of chagrin upon noting that they were walking away from the house. She hadn’t been to the bathroom before leaving for her walk, and now she was starting to feel the urge to go.

Brian led her on a casual, circuitous route down her block and around the neighborhood. In the ambient lights from the various Christmas decorations, sparkling and refracted as they were through the myriad prismatic snow crystals in the air, Brian’s profile was utterly captivating. His strong jawline, now sporting several days’ worth of beard, which only made it more attractive; his nose; his smile; his eyes. Oh, those eyes. It was hard for her to look at anything else, and she blushed as she realized that he seemed to be equally enthralled by her.

They talked as they walked, though not about anything in particular. It didn’t matter. Angelica at least was more than content to drift through this Hallmark movie setting, this winter wonderland, with her beau holding her hand and no other thoughts or distractions. They could chat, laugh, then share deep thoughts and then have spaces of satisfied, peaceful silence—and then do it all over again. She could picture them both as an old married couple, having a walk just like this on a Christmas night just like this. There, now—there she went, thinking about marriage again. They had been dating for six months. Wasn’t it a bit premature?

Or was it?

This thought derailed her from paying attention to anything Brian was saying with its sheer force of giddy excitement. Try as she might to focus herself again, it stayed ever present, like an energetic puppy. Why were they dating, after all, unless to see if they wanted to marry each other? And they had established that they both loved each other; and they had clicked so well otherwise. What else was there to wait for?

Still, just because she felt like that, it was no guarantee Brian did, too. And six months was a short amount of time. It was probably just the storybook quality of tonight’s setting and events that even suggested the thought to her in the first place.

Unfortunately, the thrilling notion was also stirring up in her another distraction. As they had walked, her need to pee had only grown, and thinking about marrying Brian was making it worse. The high emotion was making her continuously filling bladder twitch and twinge. Every so often, she had to give her muscles a quick clench, and it was making her legs tense up as they walked. At least they seemed to be heading back to her house now.

As they turned the corner onto her street, Brian sniffled and chuckled. “You know, I still haven’t given you your Christmas present.”

Angelica took a second to reply, having to bite down on her lip and squeeze her thighs closed. The lingering effects of her UTI meant she would have to go back inside and use a bathroom soon. “That’s okay. I still haven’t given you yours, either.”

Brian seemed oddly silent, as though he were waiting for a cue. Then he spoke, “But, to tell you the truth, I was waiting for the right moment.” He paused again as they continued walking, nearly back at Angelica’s house now. She gave him a sidelong quizzical look, waiting for him to go on. In the snowy silence, her pee throbbed again inside her, and she gave her thigh a quick grab.

As the seconds ticked by of his cryptic words hanging in the air without explanation, Angelica broke the tension. “Well…when will that moment be? What’s your gift?”

Brian didn’t answer right away, nor did he even make eye contact. He instead seemed to be surveying their surroundings, as if watching for something. Then, when they were directly in front of Angelica’s house, he suddenly stopped, turned to stand across from her, and took both her hands in his. “Angie,” he led off tentatively, “I love you.”

Her eyes searched his face, a sense of gravity suddenly making it hard for her to breathe. Additionally, her urine now felt like a ten-pound weight, and she didn’t think her sphincter could hold on for much longer. She needed a pee break! But his gaze was still penetrating her, and she had to respond. “I love you too, Brian. You know that.”

He took a deep breath, his eyes dropping to the ground. Then he took another and laughed nervously. Angelica merely watched him, wondering what he was about to do. In the dark and the stillness, her bladder quivered again, and she had to quickly cross one leg over the other. If her hands were free, she’d be using them to rub her thighs by now.

Brian shook his head and laughed again, then took another deep breath and looked back up at her. In his eyes she could see a glint of heroic daring, like the look of a man about to charge into battle on the front lines of a righteous war. She could only guess what her own expression was like. But her breath was bated, and her legs were shaking, and she had to hear what he was about to say, but she was about to wet her pants…

And then he spoke. “Angie, I love you more than I can say. I know we’ve only been dating for six months, but you…you are the best thing that’s ever happened to me, and—and I don’t deserve you. But—but Angie, I promise—”

As he was speaking, he began lowering himself. Angelica gasped and felt tears filling her eyes, stunned disbelief making her heart start racing as Brian finished settling himself down on one knee.

“I promise that I will always love you. I promise that I will always protect you and provide for you. And—and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.” Here his voice began to crack, and he produced a ring box from his pocket. He snapped it open, revealing a narrow band of gold adorned with a single small diamond, perfectly elegant in its simplicity. “Angie,” he breathed deeply again, “Angie, will you marry me?”

The tears spilled over, and Angelica couldn’t control herself. Happy sobs of joy shook her chest as she nodded fiercely. “Yes, Brian. Yes, yes, yes, I will marry you.”

At the same time, she also couldn’t control the flow further down. As the tears flooded out of her eyes, a powerful jet of urine flooded into her underwear, past the defenses of her crossed legs and tightly clenched butt cheeks. She could feel it heat up her panties before almost instantly going cold. It was just a short leak, so probably nothing would be visible, especially since her crotch was hidden under her winter coat, but at this rate, it wouldn’t stop at just one spurt.

Brian beamed radiantly and pulled off her left mitten. He slid the ring up onto her finger, where it sat a trifle too loosely. To Angelica, though, it felt just right. She gazed at it coruscating in the Christmas night and couldn’t stop crying.

Then Brian was back on his feet and kissing her. Once his lips were pressed against hers, she felt a spike of pain in her lower abdomen, followed by another leak. This one was substantially bigger, lasting nearly three seconds, and she could feel the heat spread out around her crotch and under her rear end, descending the inside of her right thigh, also. If she didn’t run to a bathroom right now, she was going to totally soak herself. Even as they kissed, she could feel her legs shaking ferociously. The fact that the hot wetness almost instantly went cold all around her private parts only made things worse.

Then Brian stopped kissing her and pulled her into a hug instead. She laughed, still fabulously happy, but she could tell her face was turning red. As he squeezed her tightly against himself, she could feel a trickle start dribbling out and pooling in her panties again. It then began snaking down her legs, and she knew that her coat could only conceal so much, and at this rate she would not only have an accident in front of Brian but also have to explain it to her family. No. Better to minimize the damage and only pee her pants in front of Brian, instead of embarrassing herself in front of her family also.

With a push that was more forceful than she intended, she shoved Brian off herself and hiked up her coat. As soon as she did so, her bladder took its cue to start peeing full force. With her coat held above her waist with both hands, she squatted down and went to the bathroom in her pants. Within seconds, the voluble hissing urine entirely drenched the seat of her pants, not a dry spot to be found on her butt. Then her pee began to shoot through the saturated fabric, spraying out from her posterior into the fresh snow on the street. A cloud of steam went up from the hot golden liquid, now puddling into a melted-out cavity in the otherwise pristine whiteness. It gushed out of her with a hiss and splattered in the snow with a slushy spluttering sound, the only things audible in the hush of the softly falling flakes.

Angelica held this position for the first seven or so seconds of her accident before having to plant her left hand down in the snowdrift to maintain her balance, wincing as the bare skin met the frozen surface. Her rear end was only inches off the ground, and she had to keep from toppling over into her own yellow pool. With her left hand pressed into the snow, though, her pee puddle ended up growing until it enveloped her hand. The warmth was a welcome change from the painfully icy touch of the sleet, but she blushed further upon contemplating that this was the hand her whole family would be asking to see. Brian’s ring wasn’t the only gold she wore on it anymore.

Brian had been caught off guard by Angelica’s sudden urination and simply stood there, stunned, for a few seconds. Then he gathered his composure enough to crouch down beside her, helping to hold her steady with an arm on her shoulder. After she had been peeing for close to eight seconds, he asked a flat, “UTI?”

Angelica nodded, still breathing heavily from the relief. She let out a croaking “Yeah.”

A pause. The splashing continued. “I didn’t mean to make you hold it.”

“I know. Don’t worry about it. At least this way, my coat can hide the evidence.”

Brian made a face that roughly translated to “well, you’re not wrong,” and said nothing. The last of the contents of her bladder now draining out, Angelica squeezed her abdominal muscles to get out anything that was left, then pushed with her left hand to straighten up. Brian helped her get to her feet. Once up, she did a quick bounce and gave her bottom a shake to dislodge any tenacious drips, then pulled her coat back down, smoothing it in front and back. She turned back and forth in front of Brian. “What do you think?”

He watched, his face knitted with slight discomfort, before nodding that her accident wasn’t visible. She nodded back, satisfied, then held up her left hand. The wet sheen from her pee was distinctly obvious. She chuckled self-deprecatingly, one side of her mouth lifting wryly. “Well, I’m sorry about your ring, Brian.” He laughed in response, and then both of them joined in genuine jubilant mirth. The giddy happiness of the moment, combined with the utter ridiculousness of their current circumstances, broke down any tension and drove them into fits of raucous guffaws. She laughed so hard that she had to hold on to Brian for support, her face red and aching from the wonderful hilarity of it, and thought that if she hadn’t just peed herself minutes before, she would be now.

Finally, their outburst of joy subsided, and Angelica wiped her eyes with her mittened hand. “We’d really better go inside now. These wet clothes are freezing!” She then bent over, sticking her left hand in a patch of untainted snow to clean it off. Once she was done, she wiped it off on her coat as best as she could, though the skin was now an angry red from the cold.

“Here.” Brian slid her mitten back on. “Ready to go show everyone?” He held out an arm.

She took it, a playful grin taking over one cheek. “Ready.” Together, the two of them strode confidently and exuberantly back to Angelica’s house.

Once inside, she found that not only was Patrick already back and champagne opened for him, but also that everyone else in her family had already known about Brian’s plan. Angelica’s mom gushed over the ring and cried, Patrick gave both her and Brian a big hug, and Angelica’s dad shook Brian’s hand. Nobody noticed anything amiss about Angelica’s pants, and she was careful not to remove her coat while still downstairs. She made up an excuse about needing the bathroom and slipped away as soon as she could. While peeling herself out of her wet clothes, she admired her ring again and knew she would have to tell Lily all about this.

Once she was back from changing into her pajamas, she found that her mother had another bottle of champagne, this one specifically to celebrate her and Brian. “Just think,” she said, her eyes weepy with maternal gladness, “both of my children, getting engaged on the same day. There really couldn’t be a better Christmas gift.”

Patrick hugged her with one arm as she began to be choked up again and used the other to raise his glass. “To family!” he said, his voice ringing out with a rich tintinnabulary timbre fitting for the occasion.

The rest all raised their glasses in response, and Brian leaned in to kiss Angelica again. “To family!” they all cheered.

And as dinner was eaten and their merrymaking continued into the night, they all agreed that it truly was the very best Christmas any of them had ever had.

