Ally's Hold

Author: Guest drenna

*000*2018-12-12 22:15

Ahh I'm so nervous! Besides literally two RP sessions, I've never written anything omo related in my life. I hope this is still enjoyable for you guys to read! Feedback is much appreciated!!

"Oh, that latte was a mistake..."

Ally danced around her bedroom, her thighs pressed together and hips wriggling side to side. Her hands were balled into fists at her sides, clenching and unclenching to resist the urge to grab between her legs.

For the first time in a while, Ally was home alone for the weekend. Her roommate had gone home to visit family, leaving Ally with free reign of the apartment. She was elated, excited to finally experience the simply pleasures of having a house to herself. However, Ally knew there was one thing she had to do before anything else. Get so desperate that she could barely breathe.

After spending a few minutes wondering how long to hold, she decided that four hours was plenty of time to fill up on water and get to the verge of wetting herself. Something she'd forgotten about, however, was the large vanilla latte she had on the way home earlier that day. The coffee, plus the two mugs of tea she drank an hour previous, PLUS the bottle of water she was in the process of sipping weighed down heavily in her bladder. Suddenly, four hours didn't seem all too feasible. Ally was a stubborn girl though, and refused to give in so easily. Even if she couldn't make it as long as she planned, she would still hold for as long as her body would let her.

"Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee..." Ally muttered to herself as she shifted her weight from foot to foot. She was at the stage in a hold where the need to go was finally hitting her at full strength. If she were out and about, she would've probably dropped everything to find a restroom.

Deciding that she needed a distraction, Ally hobbled down the hallway to the living room, struggling to keep her thighs squeezed together the entire time. She turned on the TV and plopped onto the couch, immediately twisting her legs around each other as she flipped through the channels to find something to watch. After finding a marathon of one of her favorite sitcoms, Ally sat back and attempted to focus on the television. It worked, for a while. Ally's frantic squirming slowed to an occasional wiggling of her hips, and she no longer had to fight the urge to hold herself as hard as before.

That is, until the rain started.

Slowly but surely, Ally began to hear the sound of rain falling outside, and her squirming started back up again. She tried to ignore it, but the knowledge that there was liquid pouring from the sky right outside her window was driving her up a wall. Despite herself, Ally began to imagine what it would feel like to be out in the rain. She imagined feeling the cold droplets of water running down her skin and over the warm, firm surface of her bladder, teasing her to let it all out. She imagined giving into the temptation to burst, feeling the warmth and immense relief as her swollen bladder finally emptied.

Ally finally gave into the desire to hold herself as a wave of desperation hit her, and shoved both hands between her legs. She looked at the clock to find that it had only been two hours since she started the hold. She groaned and rocked back and forward, trying to find any position that would make holding easier. Her bladder felt and looked like a bowling ball in her abdomen, and she gently laid a hand on it to feel how hard it was. The tiny amount of pressure that her hand added caused a long, drawn out whine to escape Ally's throat, and she squeezed her thighs together as tightly has she could.

After five more minutes, Ally whimpered as she realized she couldn't hold it much longer. She had to relocate to the bathroom. It took a few tries, but eventually she managed to stand up from the couch without almost losing control. She shuffled out of the living room and into the hallway, pausing every few seconds to squeeze at herself or wriggle her hips around to help her hold it. Every single step was like a shock wave to her bladder, reminding her of how full she really was.

Ally almost lost it the second she saw the toilet. She stopped dead in her tracks, frantically rubbing her thighs together. She wanted it so bad. The thought of sitting down on the toilet and letting everything flow out of her was tortuously sweet.

"Not yet..." Ally said to herself, almost panting with the effort to stay dry. She was going to hold it as long as she could.

Closing and locking the door behind her, more out of habit than necessity, Ally hobbled over to the toilet. It took her a minute to pull her sweatpants down with her legs pressed together, but she managed. After slipping her underwear down as well, Ally took a deep breath and sat down.

The wave of desperation hit her almost immediately. Her body fought and struggled to release into the toilet like it'd been trained, but Ally wouldn't let it. She twisted her legs together like a pretzel and shoved her hands between them. She rocked her hips, bounced up and down and squirmed around to keep everything in, whimpering and whining all the while. It felt like every drop of liquid she'd ever consumed had combined into an giant ocean in her bladder, and it all wanted out.

Ally felt a trickle slipped through her fingers and went rigid. Her muscles were overworked and tired, and the pressure was becoming too much to bear. Another drop escaped, and another, and another and another.

"I can't..." Ally whined.

With that, the flood finally escaped.

She withdrew her slightly damp hands as her bladder finally released into the water below her. The hissing was almost deafening, and Ally melted in her seat as she finally felt the orgasmic relief she'd been craving for so long. After almost three minutes, Ally's stream slowed to a trickle and eventually stopped.

With shaky legs and hands, Ally wiped herself clean, washed her hands and stumbled back into the living room. She collapsed onto the couch, a little disappointed that she didn't hold it for four hours. However, she smiled to herself, realizing that the weekend was far from over.

*005*2018-12-14 02:42

Thank you guys so much for the feedback and kind words! I really appreciate it!! I decided I'm going to try and change in perspective and writing style to see if that makes writing this sort of stuff any easier. I hope you all enjoy

As I woke up, I slowly realized three things.

One- I'd woken up earlier than I usually did.

Two- I still had the apartment to myself.

And Three- I had to piss like you wouldn't believe.

My hand immediately shot under my blankets to grab myself. My bladder was sending urgent signals all throughout my abdomen, telling me that it wanted to empty and it wanted to empty NOW. Under normal circumstances, I simply would've rolled out of bed and gone straight to the toilet. However, these were not normal circumstances. The hold that I'd done the evening prior was only the beginning of the omo related plans I had for the weekend. For Saturday, I'd decided to try a challenge that I saw online once. I wasn't allowed to pee in the same place more than once for the whole day, which meant the toilet needed to be saved for emergencies or a last ditch effort.

The only problem was that I hadn't planned ahead at all. I had no idea where I was going to pee first. I slowly sat up, trying not to irritate my bladder, and swung my legs over the side of the bed. I crossed them tightly as gravity worked it's magic and pushed all of the liquid I was trying to contain downwards. After a few moments, the wave subsided and I gingerly stood up. My stomach felt firm and heavy, as if I'd drank too much too fast. I waddled out of my bedroom in search of a place to relieve myself for the morning.

Walking past the bathroom was awful. I desperately wanted to rush in and relieve myself of a night's worth of piss, and the thought alone caused me to stop for a few moments, frantically shifting my weight from foot to foot. Eventually, I made it to the kitchen, still dry. A twisted smile formed on my face as I innocently decided that I should brew some coffee while I decided where to pee. The sight and sound of the coffee slowly trickling out of my Keurig drove me up the wall, and I had to hold myself while bouncing rapidly to stay dry. I shakily raised my mug to my lips and whined slightly as I drank, feeling like the drink was getting poured directly into my bladder. Just as I put my mug back down on the counter, a wave a desperation hit, causing me to whimper loudly. I couldn't hold it any longer.

Legs shaking, I frantically looked around my kitchen for something to squat over. Tears filled my eyes and my heart began to race as the pressure grew to an unbearable intensity. My eyes landed on the sink, and I let out a groan before shuffling over and yanking my pajama pants down. I felt a drop leak out as I hauled myself up onto the sink and spread my legs. For a moment, nothing. Then, pure bliss. I shakily sighed as my bladder finally released it's contents. All of my tensed muscles relaxed, and I found myself having trouble keeping my balance over the sink. After a minute or two, I was empty and ready to start my day.

I spent the rest of my morning cleaning up the house and getting a little work done on the computer, sipping on my coffee all the while. It was about noon by the time I decided to get something to eat.

While I slipped on some jeans, I felt a light pang from my bladder. It seemed a bit strange that I already had to go, but I chalked it up to being a bit tired from this mornings and last night's hold. Regardless, I simply continued getting dressed, not planning on emptying any time soon. I finished off my second cup of coffee and headed to my car.

I felt myself getting fuller and fuller as I drove around the city, and by the time I'd gotten my food I was feeling more than a little urge to fidget around.

"No problem." I thought. "I'm almost home."

Big surprise, I was mistaken.

My eyes widened as I saw the traffic in front of me, apparently caused by a wreck that had happened further up the street. We weren't moving very quickly, and it looked like I was going to be there a while.

Accepting that I was stuck for a bit, I opened my bag of food and began to eat in the car. I'd gotten an extra large soda to help myself fill up when I got home, but when I picked it up I realized that I'd somehow absentmindedly drank half of it already. This didn't bode well. Around 15 minutes later, my legs were bouncing around and my hands were nervously tapping on the wheel. We'd only inched forward a couple of times, and traffic showed no sign of clearing up. I'd also managed to finish up my drink while I ate.

Another 10 minutes later, my thighs were frantically rubbing together. I bit my lip, silently begging for traffic to clear up so I could head home and find a place to empty. I wanted to hold myself so badly, but I was worried that someone might see through my car window. I settled for grabbing and fiddling with the hem of my shirt instead.

5 more minutes later, the urge to hold myself won out as I buried a hand between my legs. Unfortunately, I couldn't get a good grip because of the jeans I was wearing. I also couldn't squirm around and cross my legs like I desperately needed to. At this rate, I was going to wet my car seat. I wriggled my hips side to side and whimpered, "Hurry...!"

After just a few more moments, I felt my muscles give out for a split second, and my crotch grew warm as a drop slipped out. I was in full panic-mode now, looking around my car for anything to release into.

"Oh!" I exclaimed. The cup!

I gave a quick glance to the car beside me, making sure the driver wasn't looking in my direction. With shaking hands, I unbuckled my seat belt and my jeans, sighing as some pressure was taken off of my bladder. It took a while, but I managed to shimmy my jeans and underwear down my legs. A sudden wave of desperation overtook me, and I slammed my thighs shut. Another trickle escaped, soaking into the seat.

Tears in my eyes, I grabbed the cup and held it to my opening, hoping that I was aiming correctly. I tried to wait a few more seconds to make sure I was adjusted correctly, but I couldn't. The dam burst, and I let out a loud cry of relief as I emptied myself into the cup. The entire time I pissed I kept looking around, making sure that no one saw what I was doing. Thankfully, no one seemed to notice.

Once I was done, I placed the cup back into the cup holder and put the lid on top before pulling my jeans and undies back up. Traffic still took forever to clear, but waiting was a lot easier now that I wasn't about to explode. I eventually made my way home, excited to continue the rest of my challenge in private.

*008*2018-12-14 08:31

{{1 hour ago, AliasnameTO said:

Delectable the "different places to pee" game is never a bad idea. And since you asked for feedback, I've got a little more for this one hehe.

It sort of ties into the "show, don't tell" that I already mentioned earlier, but... adverbs. There are a lot of them in this section. Not incorrect, per se, but I've heard them described as verb steroids. You only use them when your verb isn't strong enough on its own, and it's often better to find a better verb. A popular writing exercise would be whenever you're considering using an adverb, see if you can't convey the thought better without it. Only if you have no better ideas is it advisable to go ahead with it.

Minor quibbles aside, your style and pacing are excellent. Those roleplays must have done your narrative skills a lot of good.

}}

Goodness gracious, I never even noticed that I used adverbs that often! Thank you so much for bringing it to my attention. I'll work on breaking that habit

Also thanks for the compliments! Roleplaying has definitely been a fun way to practice writing, and I honestly regret taking so long to try it out.

