Something no one talk about in isekai adventures: long travel

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*000*2024-05-13 14:56

I'm still in dehydrated rank so please get me out, I can't update TT.

With that out of the way. I rarely come across medieval style adventures with details on the travels between places. With the sheer distance between places. We can have many more content, including omorashi.

This will be story of a group of girls helping MC trying to find his way back home in this fantasy world. Oppose to "Idea of omorashi with magic" I will put a lot of lore in this story.

Feel free to ask about anything, I do have a lot of lore in my head.

There will be Bonusses at the end to ensure you have an omorashi content to read regardless of it being relate to that chapter or not.

Prelude: hailstorm incident a story about an astronaut in far future when the earth has long since gone and humans splits to find their new home.

White(our mc) look up to see the station orbit above ice planet which he and his team have to explore. the expedition didn't go as planned as the hailstorm approaching in. White get lost in the ice and snow surging over the landing site. He struggle his way to the ship and finally he made it to the ship in time... to see its trail of exhaust leaving as it ascends into the sky.

There is no other way to get off this planet. White wander around in the mist of storm trying to find shelter for his deteriorating suit and body. then he arrives at a cave. slowly making his way in and sat down. despite remember sleep in cold place is fatal, Nothing he can do to prevent his limb from falling asleep one by one. finally his body can't keep the head upright and fell. a sound of stones scraping against each other is the last thing he perceive before it all went blank

White wake up in an ice cave, no idea if it's the same one. The storm has surely gone. He make his way outside. Outside, the air is not as thin and the sun was in its glory, a yellow supergiant. Not a near dead blue star he remembered. He was clearly not at the same cave. The air Is very breathable, in fact it is more breathable than Heliox in his suit which consists of helium over 70% and oxygen. He wander around snowy land until he found a town.

"How is there a town on a dead planet?" He has surely been transported to somewhere else

White wanders in to investigate. Walking through a facade of stonewall and occasional wood doors in taiga/tundra environment.

Chapter 1: a glimpse of candle light

White sees a girl in a robe hugging her knees by a stonewall. The robe look thin and surely can't keep her warm in this environment. The sight confuse him very much but stand there and think will lower her chance of surviving. So he act first, think later. He approaches her while keeping a friendly body language since she could speak an entirely different language.

She look up at him with lifeless eyes. White doesn't know exact reason why but it obviously have something to do with her not being in a house in this weather. He grab her and walk around the not so lively town. Knocking on every doors he could find but no sign to let them in. The girl stutter a lot while walking. She was pulling back but with such little force he think is her weight. Finally she stop walking. White look back at the girl and see deep yellow concentrated urine leaking down onto her socks and shoes. Great, not only is she cold. She also have severe dehydration and malnourished.

Looking at how concentrated her urine is she surely has been holding it in for very very long time for her dehydrated kidneys to produce urine a little by little for her bladder to become full enough to start leaking.

The urine in the bladder is also a reserve of heat so she's actively losing heat. White speed up the finding process. The girl still have much urine in0side her.

Finally there's an inn that let them in. White still have no idea how this people talk since the girl he drag around for the past 10 minute didn't make any noise. The old lady behind the counter conveniently start speaking first in English with Russian accent.

"A silver for a room" a two digits base currency. (10,000 copper = 100 silver = 1 gold etc)

"I have no money on me, can I offer goods instead?" White was surprised how the old talk in English. but sure, how convenient.

"See, I'm a traveling merchant and I got lost in a snow storm. I'm sure I have something valuable on me." He sees suspicions in the lady eyes so he speaks to clear things up.

Lady:"Well, let's see, what do you have?"

"What do you want? I do have a lot of things"

Lady:"I want the summer to comes"

"I surely have no control over weather, but I do have lot of things to help you keep warm. How about fire starter?" Guessing there's no lighter yet.

Lady:"I'm delighted to hear that, tell me more."

"Glad to hear you say that. This is magnesium rod. You scrape it and make sparks" white demonstrates.

Lady:"I'm happy to offer you a week. No, a month for that!" She look very happy to have the rod

"Sure, you are such a kindhearted person"

Lady:"belive me, I'm not. Just having to go to the church every morning is very tiring"

With that White assume she have to get fire from the church every morning. Seeing that he wonder if he can negotiate further, but chose to leave a good impression on her in case they would have to stay here for a while. White was going to ask about everything but the girl pull on his shirt.

Her face look like a mess, bending her body and pressing on her lap. To give a good impression she hold it in and not interrupt but she can't endure anymore. Upon seeing her in tears, white stopped.

"So where's the bathroom? My sister has been holding her pee for a while" the girl immediately hide her face. White wonders what's the big deal, but sure.

Lady:"Under the stairs" the lady laughed

The girl immediately struggle her way to the bathroom.

Lady:"here's room 2's key"

"Thanks" white nodded

The girl entered the bathroom. White went to check up on her. Upon hearing his footsteps she calm her stream down into a flow that he barely hear. Holding the rest in. After like 3 minutes she finished and come out. She thanked him. White take her to their room, unlock the door and come in. It isn't bad at all, a big bed and various furniture. White ask the girl name. "Clara" she said.

In a more calm atmosphere of the room. White ask Clara to take off her stained robe. She obviously surprised and embarrassed but understand why. White see her wearing socks so he assume she have something beneath her robe. She is looking very uncomfortable with him watching but still do it. When white saw her uncomfortable he look away.

Clara finished taking off her robe. White ask if she has anything underneath and she said yes. The worst thing that can be is Clara is only wearing her underwear so he looks.

Clara is on a white dress with deep yellow stains on the back from who knows how many times she forced to do nothing but relive herself on it. She can't just squat down and pee in the snow so this is the result of her sitting there for so long. White tell her she needs to wash everything and go bath. She go out the room exactly to do that. After an hour Clara came back. Her hand covering her breast and crotch.

White can't just offer her his spacesuit so he tells her to cover herself in blanket until her clothes dry and find her second set of outfits.

Pyrophobia

The sun set and the night falls. White closed the curtain bring his lighter up. Clara watched with curiosity. Butane running out the tip and spark ignite it into flame.

&&

As soon as the fire start. Clara freaked out. She screams at the top of her lungs, shove herself in the corner of the room and crying non stop.

White also freak out. Then the lady came up to them, Busts the door open, holding a rolling pin and screams in thick Russian accent.

"I knew I can't trust you! You kidnapper! I knew a merchant wouldn't come this far north!"

With now two people screaming at him. White is left to wonder what the hell should he do with his life.

After a while things eventually calm down. With prolonged exposure, her pyrophobia tend to calm down and the lady ran out of curse world. Then white start to say the explanation he had come up with in the past 10 minutes.

"You need to understand, our house caught on fire and both our parents died in that incident. That's why we become traveling merchant. It's simply because we have no home! My sister haven't fully recovered since so she's very afraid of fire, we're sorry if we causes trouble"

With that explanation the old lady left White and Clara alone. White spends the next 30 minutes trying to calm Clara down. He asks if she is down for sharing but she wasn't. So he just sit there beside her. Finally she calm enough to not crying over the candle.

After that White fell asleep for a really long time.

Bonus: night time panic!

White had fed Clara a meal and a lot of water in compensation for her malnutrition and savere dehydration. What White wasn't accounted for is that there's only one key to unlock the door(the door can only be open when the key is in) and White keep it in his tool box on his suit.

Clara's kidneys starts filtering buildup waste they previously can't expel due to lack of water. She try to fall asleep but the candle make her uncomfortable. The sheer amount of waste in her blood and sufficient supply of water make her kidney look like a pump of urine filling up the bladder. 2 hours after she had water in a while her bladder is already at like 50%. She trying to fall asleep knowing she can't hold it if she keep being awake. But the fire, its orange tinted glows. It terrifies her.

After just 30 minutes her bladder got to around 95%. That's all the buildup waste gone. She feels the urge to pee very bad with that amount of pee in her bladder. She just continues trying to sleep while occasionally pat on her bladder. After an hour her bladder is close to full. All she can do is blush and keep it in.

At midnight, the bell rang. Her bladder is full, 100%, that's how much she hold normally. Clara becomes restless. Wonder what she should do. She consider waking white up. But telling someone oneself need to pee is not common at all in this region. Plus she's the reason why he's dead asleep right now. She figures she had hold more than this just this afternoon when they trying to get a room. There she surely have her bladder above 140% full. So she hold

At 1 am, 108% full. She occasionally switches her position to reduce the pressure on her bladder.

At 2 am, 115% full. She feel very bad urge to relieve her bladder. She have to tense her pelvic muscles to keep it in

At 3 am, 121% full. Clara have so much pee her bladder bulge out for volume.

At 4 am, 129% full. Clara have to actively blocking her urethra to stop her pee from coming out.

At 5 am, 137% full. Her mind values urination over most other things. She endure urge to let it out in the corner of the room or in the vase or on the bed even balcony.

At 6 am, 142% full. what considered to be a normal time to wake someone up. She try to wake White up. Call him, tap him, shake him violently as her urge exponentially rises. But white is dead asleep. She will apologize later but she need to pee right now. She search for key on White but unable to find.

At 7 am, 149%. Her body is reaching its limit. Her bladder wall stretched to very end of its ability, her urethra bloated with amount of urine the bladder trying to keep in the ureter can barely push any more into to bladder. Every motion make her feels like her bladder would explode. Her body and mind is like a bowling ball balancing on a tip of a needle.

At 7:10 am, 151%-> 150%. it's over. This is the most amount of urine her entire urinary track can physically fit in the system. It's now a ball of solid tungsten balancing on the tip of a needle. Everytime more urine get produced it just seep through the gap between her finger and urethra.

7:56 am. White flip his body. Clara's brain give one of the biggest shot of adrenaline in 10 year to be use to dart straight to White. Her sphincter locks itself. She shake him nonstop with tear brims on her eyes. White wake up to a sight.

Clara crying like a mess again, whining about bathroom. A puddle in front of the door. Then back at Clara, she wears nothing(well since yesterday's evening) both her hand on his shoulder. Red face, nipples and puffy pink crotch. The neurons firing must have been firing like crazy. And the most crazy stuff. Her bladder bulge out into a recognizable shape.

Inside Clara's body her sphincter locks with any strength it have her bladder stretch as far as it can, Her urethra swell with pee, Her ureter keep the pee inside itself with hope of relief before it blows up. White quickly tell her to put on her now should be dry dress before going outside the room while he find the key.

As soon as she finishes wearing her dress the door unlocked, Clara bolt out to the bathroom. With that look of pure desperation anyone on the queue just give her the way. With now just one person inside. Her ureter bloated. It can no longer support the volume of her urine. It start contracting, shoving the pee into her bladder. She feel like she have been hit in the bladder by a hammer. Then the person inside comes out. Her bladder start squeezing. She crawl in, have the person behind close the door for her and lift her dress up. She try to keep a steady stream and keep the noise down. But as soon as her butt touched the porcelain seat she can barely keep her voice from sighing.

Noted that this isn't canon this is simply an exaggerated version of what could happen, in the actual story she either just wet herself or eventually wake up white in time. Up to you to decide.

End

