Ally's Challenge

Author: Guest drenna

*000*2018-12-17 21:29

Hello all! So I originally wrote this in the thread of my first story, Ally's Hold, but decided that I should probably give this chapter and it's continuation their own thread, since they're in a different perspective and have a bit of different tone from the first story. I hope that's okay!

As I woke up, I slowly realized three things.

One- I'd woken up earlier than I usually did.

Two- I still had the apartment to myself.

And Three- I had to piss like you wouldn't believe.

My hand immediately shot under my blankets to grab myself. My bladder was sending urgent signals all throughout my abdomen, telling me that it wanted to empty and it wanted to empty NOW. Under normal circumstances, I simply would've rolled out of bed and gone straight to the toilet. However, these were not normal circumstances. The hold that I'd done the evening prior was only the beginning of the omo related plans I had for the weekend. For Saturday, I'd decided to try a challenge that I saw online once. I wasn't allowed to pee in the same place more than once for the whole day, which meant the toilet needed to be saved for emergencies or a last ditch effort.

The only problem was that I hadn't planned ahead at all. I had no idea where I was going to pee first. I slowly sat up, trying not to irritate my bladder, and swung my legs over the side of the bed. I crossed them tightly as gravity worked it's magic and pushed all of the liquid I was trying to contain downwards. After a few moments, the wave subsided and I gingerly stood up. My stomach felt firm and heavy, as if I'd drank too much too fast. I waddled out of my bedroom in search of a place to relieve myself for the morning.

Walking past the bathroom was awful. I desperately wanted to rush in and relieve myself of a night's worth of piss, and the thought alone caused me to stop for a few moments, frantically shifting my weight from foot to foot. Eventually, I made it to the kitchen, still dry. A twisted smile formed on my face as I innocently decided that I should brew some coffee while I decided where to pee. The sight and sound of the coffee slowly trickling out of my Keurig drove me up the wall, and I had to hold myself while bouncing rapidly to stay dry. I shakily raised my mug to my lips and whined slightly as I drank, feeling like the drink was getting poured directly into my bladder. Just as I put my mug back down on the counter, a wave a desperation hit, causing me to whimper loudly. I couldn't hold it any longer.

Legs shaking, I frantically looked around my kitchen for something to squat over. Tears filled my eyes and my heart began to race as the pressure grew to an unbearable intensity. My eyes landed on the sink, and I let out a groan before shuffling over and yanking my pajama pants down. I felt a drop leak out as I hauled myself up onto the sink and spread my legs. For a moment, nothing. Then, pure bliss. I shakily sighed as my bladder finally released it's contents. All of my tensed muscles relaxed, and I found myself having trouble keeping my balance over the sink. After a minute or two, I was empty and ready to start my day.

I spent the rest of my morning cleaning up the house and getting a little work done on the computer, sipping on my coffee all the while. It was about noon by the time I decided to get something to eat.

While I slipped on some jeans, I felt a light pang from my bladder. It seemed a bit strange that I already had to go, but I chalked it up to being a bit tired from this mornings and last night's hold. Regardless, I simply continued getting dressed, not planning on emptying any time soon. I finished off my second cup of coffee and headed to my car.

I felt myself getting fuller and fuller as I drove around the city, and by the time I'd gotten my food I was feeling more than a little urge to fidget around.

"No problem." I thought. "I'm almost home."

Big surprise, I was mistaken.

My eyes widened as I saw the traffic in front of me, apparently caused by a wreck that had happened further up the street. We weren't moving very quickly, and it looked like I was going to be there a while.

Accepting that I was stuck for a bit, I opened my bag of food and began to eat in the car. I'd gotten an extra large soda to help myself fill up when I got home, but when I picked it up I realized that I'd somehow absentmindedly drank half of it already. This didn't bode well. Around 15 minutes later, my legs were bouncing around and my hands were nervously tapping on the wheel. We'd only inched forward a couple of times, and traffic showed no sign of clearing up. I'd also managed to finish up my drink while I ate.

Another 10 minutes later, my thighs were frantically rubbing together. I bit my lip, silently begging for traffic to clear up so I could head home and find a place to empty. I wanted to hold myself so badly, but I was worried that someone might see through my car window. I settled for grabbing and fiddling with the hem of my shirt instead.

5 more minutes later, the urge to hold myself won out as I buried a hand between my legs. Unfortunately, I couldn't get a good grip because of the jeans I was wearing. I also couldn't squirm around and cross my legs like I desperately needed to. At this rate, I was going to wet my car seat. I wriggled my hips side to side and whimpered, "Hurry...!"

After just a few more moments, I felt my muscles give out for a split second, and my crotch grew warm as a drop slipped out. I was in full panic-mode now, looking around my car for anything to release into.

"Oh!" I exclaimed. The cup!

I gave a quick glance to the car beside me, making sure the driver wasn't looking in my direction. With shaking hands, I unbuckled my seat belt and my jeans, sighing as some pressure was taken off of my bladder. It took a while, but I managed to shimmy my jeans and underwear down my legs. A sudden wave of desperation overtook me, and I slammed my thighs shut. Another trickle escaped, soaking into the seat.

Tears in my eyes, I grabbed the cup and held it to my opening, hoping that I was aiming correctly. I tried to wait a few more seconds to make sure I was adjusted correctly, but I couldn't. The dam burst, and I let out a loud cry of relief as I emptied myself into the cup. The entire time I pissed I kept looking around, making sure that no one saw what I was doing. Thankfully, no one seemed to notice.

Once I was done, I placed the cup back into the cup holder and put the lid on top before pulling my jeans and undies back up. Traffic still took forever to clear, but waiting was a lot easier now that I wasn't about to explode. I eventually made my way home, excited to continue the rest of my challenge in private.

Once I arrived home, I decided to be a responsible human being and get the rest of my schoolwork done. After heading to the kitchen to get a glass of water, I grabbed my laptop, retreated into my room and sat down at my desk. I’d been procrastinating all week on some of my assignments, as college students do, and it was time to pay the price. As the large load of work seemed to glare at me from my laptop’s screen, I sighed and got to work.

For a few hours, the room was filled with the sound of my fingers tapping away on the keyboard. I shifted to get a bit more comfortable and felt a small twinge of need from my bladder. So of course, like any other normal person, I promptly stood up and got another glass of water. I decided that I wasn’t going to find somewhere to pee until all of my work was done.

The work kept me distracted for a rather long time, only really noticing my need for the restroom whenever I moved too much. It also helped that I was pacing my drink intake, something I’d neglected doing all weekend. However, I was still drinking something, and what comes in must come out. I’d just finished my fourth assignment when I felt my bladder contract once again, this time a bit more harshly. I shifted in my seat, opting to cross my legs at the ankle. It helped a little.

“Mkay, done with philosophy.” I muttered. “Moving on to math.”

For math, I’d need a notebook to write my work on. I rolled my chair back and bent down to open the drawer I kept my notebooks in, squishing my bladder. It voiced its displeasure with a series of pangs, and I squeezed my thighs together in response. I got what I needed and returned to an upright position, expecting my bladder to calm down once it was no longer squished. For the second time that day, I was mistaken. All throughout the next hour I struggled to stay focused and finish my work while my bladder spasmed and a familiar pressure began to build.

I tried to avoid squirming and grabbing at myself, thinking that if I didn’t pay attention to my need, it would lessen. However, as a particularly intense wave of desperation hit me, my hips began to rock. My mind was beginning to cloud, thinking of toilets and running water instead of the equations I was supposed to be solving. Another wave hit, and I bit my lip to suppress a groan. My legs began to bounce.

By the time I started my last assignment, I was rocking back and forward in my chair, my breathing shallow and quick. Out of curiosity, I ran a hand over my abdomen to find a small, firm bulge. I could almost feel the liquid inside, thrumming against my skin, aching to be let out. I gave myself a quick squeeze and whined when I took my hand away. It felt so good to hold myself, but I needed two hands to type.

Doing homework is exceptionally hard while you’re desperate. Not only was it impossible to focus, but I was trying so hard to rush and finish that I found myself making simple mistakes. I tapped frantically at the backspace button, mourning the time that I was wasting in correcting a mistake. At that moment, every second counted towards keeping myself dry.

After 20 more minutes of bouncing, squirming and whimpering, I finally finished my last assignment. I closed my laptop a little harder than I meant to and rolled away from my desk, shoving my hands between my legs. It didn’t help as much as I’d like, but the little relief it gave still drew a shaky sigh from my lips. Now came the hard part.

I stood up from my chair and almost immediately bent almost double, the weight of all the water I’d drank making itself known. I gently rubbed my bladder once again to find that it’d grown even larger and firmer. I had to find somewhere to release, fast.

There was nothing in my bedroom that could help, so I had to relocate. Quietly whimpering to myself, I hobbled out of my bedroom and into the hallway, looking around for something the entire time. Once again, I was faced with the torturous aspect of passing the bathroom. As I looked longingly at the slightly open door, shifting my weight from foot to foot, I got an idea. It was about evening time, and I didn’t plan on going out again that day.

“Why not go ahead and take a shower?” I thought.

With a shaking hand, I reached for the doorknob and stepped into the bathroom. My desperation rocketed to excruciating heights when I saw the toilet. It felt like my entire body was screaming, “It’s right there! No one is stopping you, so just go!”

But I didn’t.

I closed the bathroom door and took off my clothes, squirming a bit more frantically due to the feeling of being naked making my need worse. Then, taking a deep breath and squeezing myself firmly with my other hand, I reached out and turned the shower on.

A strange sound between a growl and a whine escaped my throat as the water pounded against the shower floor. I crossed my legs and bounced, the sound triggering a me-too response in my bladder. It pounded and throbbed, begging me to empty it, to stop torturing it. I wanted nothing more than to sit on the toilet right next to me and release. But I didn’t because I knew the more I held out, the better the relief would feel. Instead I pulled the shower curtain back, and braced myself as my thighs quivered.

The warm water hit my body, and I experienced a whole new level of desperation. The water dripped and splashed everywhere while I squirmed and writhed in place, tempting me to let go. It felt like my very nerves were on fire, and my bladder throbbed so intensely I thought I would black out from the pressure. Through pure willpower, I managed to hold on for a few minutes, unable to hold back the moans and whines spilling out of my mouth.

I felt a strange numbness spread throughout my abdomen and my pelvic floor flutter. I knew what was happening. This was it. I was done. With a cry of relief, my bladder finally gave out. I couldn’t tell what was the water from the shower and what was me, but as I sank to my knees, gasping for air, I didn’t care. All that mattered was the waves of incredible relief surging through me.

I’m not sure how long I sat in the shower like that, but I eventually found the strength to stand, wash myself off, and stagger back into my room to change into some pajamas. I all but collapsed onto my bed, my eyes heavy. It was only mid-evening, but I decided a little nap couldn’t hurt. I think I’d earned it.

