Some Scenarios I'd Like To See

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2018-02-21 14:04

Posted this before but it was in the Request's Thread and I felt maybe people could see it better if it was it's own thread. So here are some scenarios I'd think would be interesting. Feel free to add or change as much as you want although I'd prefer if it were original made up characters and not ones based on something although I have some ideas for that separated below. All of these are female.

A woman a mother is trying to potty train her daughter and is having difficulty doing so. As a last resort in trying to get her to use it she decides to demonstrate for her by using the training potty herself. Could continue to where the mother grows to like the notion of it and decides to keep peeing in her child's potty in secret. Up to you whether her husband or someone catches her or not.

A woman again a mother most likely decides for the safety of her child to baby proof everything in the house. Of course this backfires when she needs to use the bathroom and can't open the child proof lock on the toilet. Up to you where to go from here and where she goes instead or if she manages to figure it out.

A woman's toilet in her house breaks resulting in it needing to be fixed. This of course becomes a problem when she needs to use the bathroom and there's no toilet working. Again up to you to decide where she ends up going. Maybe trying to pee discreetly somewhere without the guy fixing her toilet knowing so she doesn't get caught in an embarrassing scenario.

A couple a woman and a man decide to buy a new toilet to replace their old one. Ultimately the husband ends up buying a sort of high tech toilet that has gadgets like it can clean itself or talk etc again up to you how that goes but ultimately the woman doesn't end up liking it but it's now bought so there's nothing she can do and she stubbornly refuses to use it. This of course becomes an issue when she needs to go to the bathroom and tries avoiding using it as she tries to find other ways or places to pee. Ultimately would end with her being forced to use the new toilet and coming around to liking it.

A woman being arrested be it for an innocent crime or a legitimate one. Whatever the case may be the result would be she would have to share a cell with a cellmate either one or two and there would be a toilet to use in the cell if they needed to use it. However the woman who is arrested would be pee shy and is reluctant to use the toilet in the cell which becomes a problem when she has to pee. Ultimately she would end up using the toilet much to her embarrassment.

Also to go away from scenarios that aren't based on anything I'd be interested in seeing people tackle superhero stories more. I mentioned before someone like Zatanna but maybe also the CW Arrowverse (I'd like to see Caitlin perhaps as herself or Killer Frost like what happens if she has to pee in that form does it freeze?).

Also maybe the MCU as well. I've seen people do stories with Natasha but maybe have some of the other MCU women like Gamora (I did a story but didn't think I was good at it and anyone can do it if they wanted too) or Nebula given she's part cyborg who needs to eat still would she go to the bathroom? There's also the TV side of things (Again I did one with Peggy Carter but that shouldn't stop someone else from doing one) like with Agent Carter as said or Agents of Shield's female characters like Daisy AKA Skye, Jemma, May etc. (I did adapt an implied scenario in Season 1 episode 4 but again anyone can do it or something else)

Also in TV maybe some Friends and How I Met Your Mother scenarios. I'm thinking Monica for Friends and Robin for HIMYM. Also I am interested in seeing the desperation but uiltmately where the character ends up peeing and getting their relief not really for wetting. If you want that to be in there a little bit as part of the desperation I don't mind but again I don't want it to be the end result.

