Request: looking for old story: women at party trapped in dresses with back zippers

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2024-02-15 21:11

I was looking through my old stories and realized that "The Hexside School Play" was inspired by another story that was posted here, but I never gave the original author credit for that inspiration so I feel bad about that. I would like to re-find that story so that I can properly credit it as my source of inspiration for my fic.

I remember the story went something like this: two women went to a party, they were both wearing dresses that had back zippers, neither of them were able to unzip their dresses by themselves. As the night went on, they both had drinks and obviously eventually had to pee. They noticed that all the other women at the party were also in their situation, they all wore dresses that couldn't be taken off by themselves. So they'd see the men using the bathrooms on a regular basis while the women just had to suffer having full bladders. I don't quite remember how the story ended, by I'm pretty sure the two women ended up helping each other and the moment ended up being a bit awkward for them.

My writing app is telling me I last edited The Hexside School Play on March 28, 2022. So I definitely read the inspiration before that date, I'm guessing the original source was posted a month or two before mine. If anyone knows which story I'm talking about, please link it so I can give the original author proper credit, thanks!

*002*2024-02-16 04:48

{{3 minutes ago, FullBladder85 said:

I don't think it's the story you're referring to since not all the details match, but @DesperateJill

@@wrote a story very similar to what you're describing. In her story at least 4 desperate women attend a party in a fancy dress that they can't remove to use the bathroom, except they hold it until they get home, and there's only 1 bathroom.

I tried to find the story on her blog but I couldn't find it, in part because I can't remember what the story was called.

}}

It's been a while since I've read that story, so details mismatching could be due to my poor memory. But I do regularly read a lot of DesperateJill's stories, so there's that plausibility there and this at least helps narrow down my search. So thank you for informing me that she has made a similar story, I really appreciate it! I'll give an update if I was able to find it!

*003*2024-02-16 07:27

{{2 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

I don't think it's the story you're referring to since not all the details match, but @DesperateJill

@@wrote a story very similar to what you're describing. In her story at least 4 desperate women attend a party in a fancy dress that they can't remove to use the bathroom, except they hold it until they get home, and there's only 1 bathroom.

I tried to find the story on her blog but I couldn't find it, in part because I can't remember what the story was called.

}}

Good news: I am 99% sure that I have found the story. It's Desperate underneath Your Easter Dress

@@by DesperateJill. Every sentence I read from this story felt familiar and I have definitely read this story before.

Bad? news: I am now suffering from the weirdest trip of the Mandela Effect, because this story was posted after mine was. (Jill posted her story on April 19, 2022, whereas I last edited my story in my writing app on March 28, 2022 then posted it a week later on April 5, 2022.) I clearly remember my backhanded comment of Luz thinking, "Who designed these costumes anyways?" to be a parody of Jill's internal ranting about gay men purposefully designing the Easter dresses to be difficult to remove. It feels very weird knowing that I was inspired by a story that was apparently posted after mine.

I hope I'm not going crazy and that there's a simple explanation such as "She deleted, then reposted her story a month later" because I believe the Mandela effect is bullshit lol.

*005*2024-02-18 04:15

{{2 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

May be she posted it in another site earlier where you happened to read it there and write your story, and then she posted it in this site some time later, and that's what you have found this time

}}

Just checked, she posted this story on her blog on the same day as she posted it here.

*007*2024-02-18 21:25

{{34 minutes ago, DesperateJill said:

@FullBladder85

"I tried to find the story on her blog but I couldn't find it, in part because I can't remember what the story was called."

I wouldn't feel bad about that, I very often forget what a lot of my own stories are called because I write several each day and I average around 500 a year with only a small percentage of them being omorashi ones. In fact sometimes I forget about my stories completely and I don't remember what happened in my own stories when I go back to read them years later when I am getting ready to edit them and publish them as part of a collection, the good thing is it gives me the reader's perspective because I can see whether my story worked. But yeah I have so many stories it's hard to keep track of them, and sometimes I forget whether I actually wrote a story or whether I just added it to my endless list of story ideas that I never got around to writing, and in a couple of instances I have written the same story more than once because I had forgotten I had already written it!

@Golden Guard

"Good news: I am 99% sure that I have found the story. It's Desperate underneath Your Easter Dress

@@by DesperateJill. Every sentence I read from this story felt familiar and I have definitely read this story before.

Bad? news: I am now suffering from the weirdest trip of the Mandela Effect, because this story was posted after mine was. (Jill posted her story on April 19, 2022, whereas I last edited my story in my writing app on March 28, 2022 then posted it a week later on April 5, 2022.) I clearly remember my backhanded comment of Luz thinking, "Who designed these costumes anyways?" to be a parody of Jill's internal ranting about gay men purposefully designing the Easter dresses to be difficult to remove. It feels very weird knowing that I was inspired by a story that was apparently posted after mine.

I hope I'm not going crazy and that there's a simple explanation such as "She deleted, then reposted her story a month later" because I believe the Mandela effect is bullshit lol."

I was kind of wondering why my story suddenly got revived after two years, and now this thread has answered that question. But I always end up posting my omorashi stories in my blog and on here the same day. Generally speaking I will write the story and then the next day I will add it to my blog and then as soon as I am done adding it to my blog I post it in the story section here with a link to the story in my blog.

I don't really believe in the Mandela effect either, as it's probably just people not remembering things correctly, but as a science fiction novelist it definitely gives a lot of good ideas for weird stories, I'll grant it that! But I'm glad that you liked the story.

}}

I'm glad this weird experience has given you some good ideas for some sci-fi stories! I'm also a big sci-fi nerd myself, but I respect that you probably don't want anyone to link your Omo writing account with your sci-fi writing account.

I guess it might be possible that another story before yours inspired me, but I tried skimming through several of the fiction stories posted here within several months before I wrote mine (I only checked the ones where the title and tags were plausibly the story I was looking for) and yours was the one that matched the closest (by a lot) to the one I remember being the source of inspiration. So even though it's extremely weird for me to make that call given how the timeline doesn't add up, I decided that I'm just going to say that you're story was the one that inspired mine, suspend my disbelief for the contradiction, and move on with my life lol.

Although, for my own sanity, I think I'll just pretend that this...

{{:

Quote

...and in a couple of instances I have written the same story more than once because I had forgotten I had already written it!

}}

...was the cause of it, even though I was unable to find any evidence of it being true in this case (though I didn't look very hard for it either)

Though clearly, my memory could be a factor cause I was getting details of my own story mixed up with yours lol.

You're a great writer Jill and I love reading your stories! Thanks for inspiring me, and I hope this experience has inspired you to make some awesome sci-fi fics as well!

*009*2024-02-18 21:55

{{8 minutes ago, DesperateJill said:

@Golden Guard

"I'm glad this weird experience has given you some good ideas for some sci-fi stories! I'm also a big sci-fi nerd myself, but I respect that you probably don't want anyone to link your Omo writing account with your sci-fi writing account."

I always make sure to use a pseudonym for writing anything that involves erotica, although I definitely do involve peeing scenes and desperation scenes in my sci-fi series but not in an explicitly fetish way, it just sort of fits into the story without anyone who doesn't have the fetish thinking anything otherwise about it.

"...was the cause of it, even though I was unable to find any evidence of it being true in this case (though I didn't look very hard for it either)

Though clearly, my memory could be a factor cause I was getting details of my own story mixed up with yours lol."

I am definitely a person who keeps everything really ordered as far as dating goes. I keep everything in my journals where I record everything that I do so I pretty much always knew what day I wrote a story and which day I posted and everything like that, so if I find some kind of contradiction it would definitely be very baffling so I can understand where you're coming from on that. But I basically have everything I write date stamps so I pretty much know exactly when I thought of it and then when I eventually got around to writing it and then posting it.

"You're a great writer Jill and I love reading your stories! Thanks for inspiring me, and I hope this experience has inspired you to make some awesome sci-fi fics as well!"

I suppose that something that no one's done yet, a Mandela effect story involving omorashi! I have done several sci-fi stories with an omorashi theme, in fact a lot of my stories I think you can tell that I am a sci-fi and horror novelist first and foremost to only occasionally rights omorashi since a lot of my omorashi stories do incorporate sci-fi or fantasy elements.

}}

Ah, so I'm pretty much back at square one in terms of my confusion lol. I don't keep myself nearly as organized as you do. I'm just relying on the timestamps on this website (and my writing app) to be accurate.

There's two other reasonable explanations I can think of (and if anyone else can think of more, please share):

1. My story wasn't actually inspired by anything. I wrote mine, posted it, then read yours 2 weeks later and thought it was so good that years later I misremembered it as my source of inspiration lol. Though at the time, I remember writing my stories primarily based off of inspiration from other stories, I wrote a few stories based off of MoringMark's comics at that time.

2. I'm misremembering my source of inspiration. Maybe there was another story posted a month or two before mine that inspired me and that was the actual source of inspiration. If anyone can also remember a story similar to what I described, please share!

*011*2024-02-18 22:28

{{27 minutes ago, DesperateJill said:

@Golden Guard

"Ah, so I'm pretty much back at square one in terms of my confusion lol. I don't keep myself nearly as organized as you do. I'm just relying on the timestamps on this website (and my writing app) to be accurate."

@@I am ridiculously meticulous when it comes to these things, I always date stamp the day I thought of a story when I added to the list so if I ever actually do get around to writing it I can see whatever I did in my journals that day to see what might have inspired it, because I keep all of these postings in my journals as well. I know from my list that I thought of My last story about little red riding hood on August 12, 2021 even though I didn't get around to writing it until just last week. Sorry I know when I thought of a story and I know how much time elapsed before I get around to writing it, which in some cases can be as much as a decade or more as it can sometimes be kind of random. I always read in my journals which stories I added to my list on that day in the previous year and then I read them so that I will remember that they existed in the first place. But honestly I sometimes just come across these stories randomly on my list and decide to just go with it and write it. Of course some stories don't even get to the list as some of them I think of off the top of my head and I write it down before I get it on the list, in fact getting on the list means it's probably unlikely to be written at all as the story had the best chance of being written within the few days of me thinking of it. It gets funny because sometimes I'll write a story I thought of earlier that day and then right after that I'll write a story that's been on my list for 12 years!

I also do try to include with all of my stories I try to write what inspired it for anyone who is interested but sometimes if I write the story a decade later I can't remember what inspired it originally, but if I write the story the day after I think of it that it's fresher in my mind. But I can always date stamp it and cross-reference it with my journals just to see what might have inspired that day in case I have forgotten.

}}

Maybe I should start recording my own stories and sources of inspiration better cause it's very likely that I'm just misremembering something lol.

Most of my stories are just spontaneous ideas, and then I spend a few days writing it.

And there is no need for you to apologize for my own disorganized methods of keeping track of things (or lack thereof). I greatly appreciate that you're even taking the time to discuss and debunk some theories that had. It made me realize that I need to organize my stuff better lol. Cause even if there are still contradictions in my head, at the end of the day, that's on me for not being organized and keeping good records of these sorts of things.

Thank you for giving me some insight into your writing process. It'll take some effort for me to build that habit, but I greatly value tips from seasoned writers such as yourself! I may never know the answer to this particular mystery, but I can take steps to ensure it won't happen again in the future!

