Desperation [Apex Legends Omorashi Story]

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-04-20 02:55

Duos, ever since Caustic took off, it was all they wanted to play, not wanting to open up their little group to any outsiders yet...Not after the incident, not after everything her surrogate father had done to her, to the entirety of the apex games.

“Shooting across the field, in Market!” Her soft French voice came through the mic with a harsh scratching, bringing Crypto out of his thoughts with a crash. The blush that came across his face, had been getting worse ever since she...came to his room, started to speak to him again. That sweet tone of her voice, that he had missed, alone in his room after every game, was something he never expected to hear again without the tone of anger washing over it.

“Got it, do they sight you?” Wattson’s negatory sound came through and he sighed in relief, moving from the small building he had been hiding out in, his drone swinging through the air to smack back into his hand, seeing the familiar orange and blue crouched behind a rock to the right of Market. The distant roar of Bloodhound made them both jump, though they were out of range.

“Crypto! You didn’t have to join me, I’m alright.” Her tone wasn’t as cherry as it would have been a handful of months ago. The truth had come out, though she still had the right to be pissed with him for lying to her. Apologizing profusely, something he wouldn’t do for anyone else, finally got the French woman back in his life.

“Don’t worry about it, I didn’t want someone sneaking up behind you, with those morons firing as loud as they can.” Kneeling in front of her, the firing had stopped, an eerie quietness settling over the field, making Wattson shiver, checking her own ammo reserves, the time to third party would be coming soon, if someone else didn’t beat them to it first.

“Thank you...It’s nice to have a tracker back on my side...” Wattson looked up at him, giving him one of those smiles of hers, he’d never admit it, never tell her how happy it made him to get looks without burning hate in them from her...He was lucky he had managed to get her back.

“REPLICATOR INCOMING!” The robotic voice of the announcer above them made Crypto frown, not needing a reason for any other teams to converge on them. Checking his map as the Market began to light up with firing again he sighed, his lip being gently nibbled.

“Tae Joon?” As soon as the words came out of her mouth, she clapped a hand over her lips, looking away, as if too nervous to go where she had gone as his friend before.

“Natalie...” Tae Joon liked the way his name sounded coming from her again, it had been too long since he heard it behind closed doors, and saw her smile when she said it. His hand reached out, brushing fingers on her cheek, he made her face him, giving her a rare half smile.

“I missed you saying it, no one’s around, don’t worry about it...”

Natalie flushed, letting his fingers linger until he took them away, she unclipped an orange flask, blue strips on it to match her outfits aesthetic, off of her uniform. Unscrewing the top she offered, Tae Joon raising a brow took it, sipping what he found to be water, realizing he was sweating bullets in his thick jacket. The hot sun bearing down on him he paused, realizing he had...drank all of it, glancing to her Natalie only giggled, strapping it back in place.

“You’re a dork Tae Joon...I wanted you to have it, be careful...for me, Oui?” Natalie spoke before she moved to stand, moving to start rushing Market, Tae Joon flushing as he ran behind her. He was never lying to her again...Couldn’t risk losing that sunshine smile.

Hundreds of bullets spent later and they were standing in the middle of Market, two more squads were left, and at this point? Tae Joon expected them to be solos, or at the very least cowards. Sparing a glance at Natalie who was sitting on a death box, catching her breath, he smiled, she had done incredibly well.

Another pang from his lower stomach, making him wince, standing up too straight was getting a little bit...difficult. Regret from drinking that entire flask Natalie lent him was burning his chest, trying to stand up anyway, not wanting his partner to recognize the weakness that was plain across his body.

How had he let this happen? They had just taken their break, why didn’t he just empty his damn bladder before they were in the top three, the final fight?! Tae Joon groaned softly, biting his lip to cut off the sound of it. Glancing over, he froze, panicking on his features as he noticed the look his blonde partner was giving him, gun in hand she opened her mouth to speak…

He really needed to thank whoever threw that arc start later, but it landed between them, causing an explosion that caught him in the blast just a bit, his shields cracking a hair. He heard the laugh of that fucking old man, a growl deep in his throat as he saw Natalie ahead of him, Bangalore up on the wrap-around balcony the Market held, she didn’t see the enemy.

“GET-” Tae Joon doubled over, holding his bladder as a sharp painful pang dug its claws up the inside of his torso, a gasp tore from his throat, pain making him a sitting duck, his partner ahead of him, turning to look at him, providing cover fire at Mirage.

It might have been a blessing then, that Bangalore smoked, providing cover for them, though by the way they were shooting, a digital threat scope was on that gun of hers, maybe both...Then again Mirages aim was so shit, it could have been coincidence either way.

A jerk from his wrist, causing him to start,eyes wide meeting the blue ones of his partner, the look of confusion on her face, mingling with concern filled him with...shame. He hadn’t meant to cause her worry, he hadn’t meant to be a damn burden on the team!

“Crypto!! What has gotten into you?!” Tae Joon couldn’t even respond, couldn’t even open his mouth before there was that tell tale sound. His eyes went wide, feeling an intense heat on his shoulder. Wattson screamed, internally he cursed, he had fucked up, they could have won, but he had to just go and be the dipshit, dragging her down!

Natalie wasn’t having it, the charge rifle shot had cut away the flesh in his shoulder, cauterizing the wound, sizzling flesh smell burning her nose, as she squeezed his wrist. Forgoing that, her arm went around his waist, dragging him up the stairs, hearing the shouts of the two they left behind, the hatch door opened, drawing fire they narrowly managed to avoid.

“I...Sorry...” Even just talking was hard for him, feeling this petite girl drag him out of there, behind a rock, letting him stumble to his knees, shaking as Wattson put her hands on his back, the hacker trying to breathe through the pain feeling the urge swell…

“You don’t need to be sorry, just heal!! Recon, I’ll be back for you, please!! Don’t come out, not until you’re alright Tae Joon!” Her voice was frantic, the concern breaking through the fog of his brain, as he nodded, panting, feeling the pressure of her on his back...He felt a light kiss on the back of his hair, a blush melting his face.

“N-Nata-” She was gone, running back inside with a warrior-worthy shout, making him smile as he flopped on his back, stabbing the syringe into the burning wound, he closed his eyes, back arching against the pale dirt.

“Ngh! Haa!” The medicine started to work its magic, his skin itching as it began to pull back together, the hacket, moving to squat on the heels of his feet. Panting quietly, he opened the control panel to his drone, sending it after his partner.

Hack, the drone, rushed out of the holster on his back, the little propulser making its sound as it rushed into Market, seeing Wattson finishing the Bangalore from earlier, the Mirage was nowhere to be seen. The other team, Fuse, and Lifeline were across the way, though...he was having trouble seeing. He could feel himself shaking, in turn...his drone was shaking. Perfectly visible by all the squads, his drone was shaking like a leaf, dodging every single bullet the Lifeline shot at him.

This was the end of the line, the pressure that had been steadily building in his bladder was reaching a breaking point. It was getting hard to even focus on flying the drone, to ping the enemies, Wattson needed him! Crypto whimpered, dropping the controller in the dirt, his drone began to fly in circles, Crypto doubled over, not trusting himself to move, the pressure, the burning in his lower abdomen bringing tears of frustration in his eyes, he couldn’t even take the time to go, this was the final fight!

“Crypto?!” No response through the coms, all she could hear was whimpering, heavy breathing, before the microphone cut off...She couldn’t just leave him to die, what if the other team, snuck up on him!

Turning on her heel, she was rushing out, leaving the two other final teams to duke it out in Market, rushing back to the place she had left her partner.

“Tae Joon! Tae!?” Wattson’s shadow fell over him, all he could manage to communicate was a shake of his head, black hairs, swinging in front of his face, the poor man couldn’t bare to face her…

“Pl...Please don’t look at me, I don’t want y-you to see me...like...this...Ngh! Fuck...Fuck! It hurts!”

Wattson’s eyes went wide, going to her knees, she glanced to the market, the shots were still firing, and every time the bullets went off, Crypto flinched...Reaching out, her hand touched his leg, a gasp falling from her lips as she felt how badly his leg was shaking.

“Mon amie! What happened, didn’t you heal?! Did you get shot?!” Natalie’s fingers brushed over the fabric of his pants, before pushing into his jacket, looking for moisture in the form of blood, though she felt nothing...Except a bump underneath the lower half of his shirt.

“NGH! F-Fuck! Natalie- don’t! Don’t touch that, leave it...j-just leave it, someone’s gonna find us...shoot you, please! Please just...win for us...I know y-you can.” Natalie swallowed hard, suspicion in her mind...all but confirmed by how violently he flinched. Her hands brushed down his legs, wrapping her fingerless gloved hands over his knees, pushing them apart.

“Oh...O-Oh my god, how...how long have you been...holding it!? Tae...Tae Joon, you...your...your….bladder!” The lower half of his shirt was bumped, his shirt tight around it, and it was obvious what it was. His knees were shaking, his chest rising and falling with the effort of holding back his shame, every movement caused him to wince, he was barely holding it together, holding his urine back.

“Don’t...don’t look at me, please Natalie, I don’t wa...want you to see this...I’m begging you...” Sweat from his exertion was plastered to the front of his face, his lips parted, his eyes clouded, he didn’t dare move.

“I’m not leaving you to be in pain!! If we lose we lose...clearly you are more important to me!” Natalie moved forward, her knees making little mounds in the dirt, her hands gently pressed into his stomach, pushing him to sit on his ass, instead the balls of his feet.

“Ngh! Mmmna....Nat...Natalie please, be careful I don’t think I can...stop it...please go away! Fuck...please...” His voice was getting weaker, voice cracks after his pained whimpers, his legs shaking like the heat of the day didn’t exist.

“Don’t struggle! You need to let it...out, if you hold it any longer you might burst! It’s okay...I won’t judge you! Do you want me to uhm...undress you? So you don’t...wet...yourself?” The only thing the poor hacker managed to say in response was a shake of his head, if it was between wet pants or Wattson seeing his embarrassing boxers, he’d take pissing himself like a little kid.

“O-Okay...Let me just...Here...This may...hurt.” Natalie pushed her fingertips underneath the hem of his shirt, pushing it up, bunching the fabric over the bump of his bladder, Crypto shook his head, but Natalie had to ignore him, it was this or a lifelong weak bladder and...she doubted he wanted the latter.

With a flush on her face, black hairs of happy trail leading down into the hem of his pants, trying not to think about it, those same fingertips pressed into the bulge. His reaction was immediate, arching his back, a hand flew to his own hair, grabbing a fistful of the messy black strands, forcing his hand over his own crotch, trying to stop whatever was about to happen, a whimper of pain leaving him.

“It’s okay...Tae...Tae Joon look at me...look at me, you don’t need to worry, it’ll pass, it’ll feel good soon, just...let a little out, oui? Just enough to relieve the pressure?” Crypto shook his head again, but those eyes of his flicked up, meeting her blue ones, wishing he could hug her close, his source of comfort.

His hips jerked as she pressed into his bladder’s bump yet again, a stifled yelp leaving his lips as he felt his body betray him. He felt warmth, slipping out of him, without him even being given a chance to stop it...Tears that gathered at the corner of his eyes slipping down his cheeks as he squeezed them closed.

“Non, non, look at me mon amie, shh shh don’t cry, it feels better already doesn’t it?” Despite himself, he nodded, sniffing as he adjusted against his own hand, feeling the warmth spread across his boxers. Soaking them, the stream weak, barely piddling as he tried to force it back, to stop the stream, but once his body was started it was hard to stop.

“Noplease...stop...Idon’twantto.” His own voice’s quiet tone surprised him, the teary nature of it, he could hardly hear himself. Slowly as he hiccuped, he felt the warm stream penetrate his pants, leaking down the inside of his pants to finally hit the dirt, slipping down the hill, between Wattson’s boots, making a river of his shame so obvious any viewer watching this at home would know what an...embarrassing piss pants he was. All the while he heard Wattson, gently petting his cheeks, stroking away his tears as he whimpered, as he tried to pull away but she always pulled him back. His pants soaked, warm, clinging to his inner thigh, his entire body shaking, unable to undo the act he just committed in front of the girl he loved.

“Shh shh you’re doing so well! I’m proud of you...it feels better doesn’t it?” Wattson leaned forward, gently pressing her lips to his temple, Crypto couldn’t meet her eyes, closing them, embarrassed, frustrated tears falling down his face...Then he felt her pull away, opening his eyes just in time to feel her coat, fall over him, protecting him from the cameras, providing her comforting scent. Natalie seemed to smile, holding up her gun a smirk on her face.

“Now stay here...relax, I’ll go win this for us! Be safe for me...okay Tae Joon?”

CHAMPIONS OF THE ARENA

WATTSON & CRYPTO

