Bravely Default: Agnés' Desperate Struggle

Author: Gryone88

*000*2016-06-15 17:05

This is my first fanfic everyone! I hope you guys enjoy it!

Agnés Oblige sighed. She glanced down at the ropes that bound her to the column and struggled slightly. She sighed again. It was no use. They were far too tight to simply struggle out of.

“Agnés…” Edea Lee groaned from the other side of the pillar. “How the hell did we end up here?! Why do the guys get to do all the fighting?”

“I was thinking the exact same thing… They’re out there fighting just the two of them…” Agnés said quietly to herself. “I hope they don’t get too hurt. I mean, without my white magic, they could be in some serious trouble.”

“Why did you feel the need to confront Khamer one on one? I’m sure you could have easily foreseen this.” Agnés shifted uncomfortably. Something was starting to bother her, but she couldn’t figure out exactly what the problem was. Agnés began to speak, but her voice was small and barely audible. She cleared her throat.

“I felt like… I felt like I needed to see for myself why the king of Ancheim was so against the crystals. I mean, I wanted to tell him that I didn’t know what had caused the wind crystal to go dark. I wanted him to understand that this wasn’t my fault. Before, when darkness first reached the crystal, all he told me was: fix it. I was afraid. And I suppose I was kind of naïve. But I’m sure you understand the feeling. Ancheim thought I was a traitor. It’s the same with you and Eternia. Wouldn’t you want the chance to explain to your father why you defected and joined forces with the wind vestal? His greatest enemy?” Agnés took a break from talking. Even the air in Khamer’s clock castle was dry. Suddenly, she knew what was bothering her. She bit her lip and tried to maneuver her hands to her crotch. It was no use. She had to go.

“I suppose you’re right, Agnés. However, while I would love to march up to my father and have a nice, private, conversation with him, that’s just not how this world works. Without you guys to help me, he’d end up capturing me and taking me to my room or something. I know you wanted to try and reason with Khamer, but he’s mad. You can’t reason with madness. It was reckless of you to just sprint down the staircase. The only reason Tiz and Ringabel aren’t tied up here with us is because they stayed hidden. I followed you because I didn’t want you to get hurt. I honestly had no idea Khint was down there lurking in the shadows.” Edea paused, and listened. A loud crack heralded the sound of Ringabel’s thunder magic.

They faintly heard Tiz. “What? You --n’t run- --is time?” They heard what sounded like a faint reply from Khint, but they couldn’t make out what it was.

“U-uh.” Agnés blushed deeply, realizing that she had moaned out loud. She didn’t understand why she had to go to bathroom so badly. It wasn’t like she drank a bunch of water or anything. Quite the contrary, in fact. Everyone in their little group was severely dehydrated. Agnés prayed that Edea hadn’t heard her moan when…

“Are you okay, Agnés?” Edea said. “Thinking about Tiz or something?” If Agnés’ face was red before, it got even redder at that statement. Edea grinned wickedly. She could practically feel the heat radiating from Agnés. No, wait, that was just the desert. “No, but seriously, what’s wrong?”

“I-I, w-well… I have to go to the bathroom.” Agnés hung her head.

“If it makes you feel any better, when I was younger I used to have problems with holding it. I would wake up in the morning and race to the restroom, but most of the time I ended up wetting myself at the door.” Edea felt slightly nervous about telling Agnés that, because ‘younger’ to her really meant now. It still happened to her all the time.

“I really hope they get done soon…” Agnés whimpered. The pressure in her bladder was immense at this point. She clenched her legs together, hoping that it would be enough to stem the oncoming flood. She closed her eyes and grimaced. It was starting to actually hurt now. She tasted blood. She had bitten her lip so hard it split. “Edea… I’m not going to make it. I can’t hold it any longer.” Edea silently sympathized with the feeling she knew all too well. “U-unacceptable…” Agnés said as a drop of urine escaped. Her panties were wet now. What would it look like if she, the wind vestal, wet herself? She would look like a little girl, a vestaling even. She tried to think positive thoughts. Come on Agnés. You can do this. She squeaked as another drop escaped into her panties.

X

Tiz and Ringabel entered the scene triumphantly bearing two new asterisks: Time Mage and Spell Fencer. Tiz used his broadsword to slice the ropes holding Agnés and Edea.

“We’ll be right back.” Edea said, grabbing Agnés’ hand and dashing over to a hallway. “Do you think Khamer labels his restrooms?” she asked playfully. It was then that she realized the magnitude of Agnés’ discomfort. Agnés had stopped walking and doubled over.

“E-edea! Please don’t look at me like this. Turn away at least!” She jammed a hand into her crotch. When she was tied up, Agnés had kept her leaking to a minimum–that is, only drops at a time. She was lucky. “N-no…” she moaned as a spurt escaped. She felt the short hem of the White Mage skirt dampen slightly. She mustered all her strength and put her hand directly onto her panties, dangerously close to her vagina–a place the orthodoxy strictly prohibited her from touching. This is different… she thought to herself. I must place my hand there. Another spurt escaped, but this time, it didn’t quite stop there. Agnés’ eyes widened as a stream of urine leaked over the side of her panties, made its way around her hand, and ran down her leg. Edea gasped.

“Agnés!” was all she could manage to say. Agnés began to run. It was all she could do. Several spurts escaped as ran, but she figured that if could make to a restroom in time to relieve the whole flood, it would be worth it. But there were no restrooms in sight.

“Unacceptable!” Agnés cried as she reached a dead end, with Edea walking up beside her. Tears formed in her eyes as Agnés doubled over one last time. She felt her muscles give out with her own hand. The floodgates opened. Agnés’ light blue panties darkened even more. Her white skirt was, luckily, mostly untouched. Her red knee high socks got even redder, in tandem with her face. Her hand did nothing to stem the flood. Torrents streamed down her legs, eventually forming a puddle at her feet. She stood shaky and crying, her hand still pressed against herself. What will I do? She thought, as her soaked panties continued to drip onto the floor.

“Agnés.” Edea said. “Let’s get you cleaned up.” The two girls eventually found a restroom. Agnés used the rough paper to dry herself as best as she could. She removed her panties and disposed of them in a waste bin, along with her socks. She couldn’t have Tiz and Ringabel seeing evidence of her accident! Finally, as the two girls were ready to head out, Agnés caught a draft. Going panty-less was not something she wanted to do at all. What if her very, very, short skirt blew up? They had awakened the wind crystal after all. Edea noticed Agnés’ discomfort.

“Agnés, if you want, you can use my extra pair of underwear…”

“Thank you so much!” She said, snatching the small, pink pair Edea held out to her. As Agnés pulled the tight underwear up (with some difficulty) Edea blushed slightly to herself. At least she didn’t have to tell Agnés why she carried the extra pair around. That would be mortifying!

Next time, we find out why Edea carries the extra pair of panties. We also learn more about her history with almost bedwetting.

