Alone at home (Male)

Author: GabbyR

*000*2017-06-13 04:12

Hey guys, this story is a continuation of my previous one, but you don't have to read them in order to understand. Hope you enjoy.

It was summer break and Andys parents we gone for a five day anniversary vacation. He was thrilled to have the house to himself. Finally he could get some privacy, and also have fun with a his secret fetish.

Andy has discovered his desperation and peeing link accidentally, but it had stuck with him. He would hold his pee for as long as he could, until his bladder gave out and the urine came gushing like a hose. It would soak his underwear and pants, but he loved the feeling of soggy clothing against his dick. It always got him hard. Of course this all happened when he was alone. Andy didn't want anyone finding out about this. He got close one time at school, but he managed to run fast enough.

This week was going to be incredible. The minute his parents left the house Andy started chugging as much water as his stomach could hold. He sprawled himself out on the couch and stripped all his clothes except for his underwear. He turned on the tv and watched Netflix, waiting patiently for the water to kick in.

Less then an hour in and his bladder was tingling slightly. It was already filling up, Andy had a very weak bladder. The feeling was light enough to ignore and take slow sips of a bottle of coke.

He had almost forgotten what he was waiting for when a much more powerful urge struck him. Andy could feel his bladder pulsating, asking him to release the urine. His lower abdomen and penis were tingling like crazy, making him feel slightly aroused.

"Mmm" he moaned, bouncing and jiggling his legs slowly to ease the increasing pressure. He could see how much his bladder had already expanded. Urine had begun filling up at the tip of his urethra, just waiting for the signal to exit his body. His dick was throbbing and pulsing even harder.

Andy brought his hand down and started rubbing up and down against his crotch to sooth himself. He gently rocked his hips and squeezed his muscles, relieving some of that built up desperation. The teenage boy let out a louder moan as his dick started reacting to his touch. His penis had become fully erect and poked out of his underwear. Andy so desperately wanted to pull down his boxers and masturbate, but he would have plenty of time to do that.

His urge was getting worse and worse. Andy was unable to sit still, he was constantly adjusting himself and bouncing his legs faster. Urine had slowly made its way out the tip of his dick in tiny droplets. Andy felt dampness in his boxers and clenched his thighs together. He squeezed his dick again, growing more desperate and needy for release. 'Shit' he muttered and eased his way off the couch. If he was going to piss himself, he was going to do it on hardwood floor.

As he stood up, a spurt of pee gushed out of his dick agressively. Andy felt the force of the urine and clamped his hand on the tip of his dick. It had cut off the flow. Temporarily. He knew he wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. His muscles were growing achey from being constantly tense.

Andy began rubbing his dick through damp boxers, fighting back moans and his alarming urge to pee. It was growing so intense that his body began trembling. 'Oh god...' He groaned and leaned his head against the wall, squeezing his thighs hard against his penis.

He was getting close. Andys bladder would burst if he didn't pee soon. Even though he was exhausted and extremely desperate, he fought longer. This whole experience was incredibly pleasurable. His tingling dick sent shivers up his spine. Andys full bladder made him feel even more erotic and horny.

He felt a harder blast of pee shoot out and soak his boxers, lasting seconds before he desperately tried to cut off the flow. Andy yelped, his hands traveling down to his dick. He winced as the stream was cut off, his bladder and penis were aching like crazy.

More tiny spurts shot out through his pulsing dick as the urine travelled down his urethra. He tried to cut it off, but a blast of urine erupted from his dick. It was so powerful that the stream shot out through his boxers and splattered onto the floor. The urine continued to gush out like a dam opening, making Andy cry out with pleasure. He could feel the pee running down his thighs, and he spread his legs wider.

The stream was pouring out even stronger while his bladder slowly shrank down. Andy pulled out his penis to release the last of his contents freely. The gushing torrent of urine had slowly piddled down to a few dribbles. The only thing left was his swollen and erect penis.

Andy jerked his hand up and down over top of his drenched boxers. The moist cloth rubbing against his hard dick felt so good. He moaned softly, increasing his speed and rubbing the tip of his dick gently. Andys breathing began speeding up as the incredible sensation began spreading. He clenched his toes and let out a long groan while he massaged the head of his penis, feeling how swollen it had really become. Andy could feel something different than pee building up in his gut. His hands moved faster and his breathing hitched. Andy cried out loudly as he climaxed, cumming all over his boxers. He was right, this week was going to be a lot of fun.

