Karen's Desperate Day

Author: Gemmy

*000*2018-06-17 21:30

A couple of weeks ago we had our towns annual 1940's weekend and whilst there enjoy the festivities I had a desperate sighting. I say sighting, it was more of an overhearing of a woman being vocal about her need to pee whilst waiting for a demonstration to happen. I have been meaning to get back into writing fiction for a while so figured why not use the scenario and build a story around it. Been a while since I wrote any omorashi fiction so it may not be my best work but I am considering this my practice story to get back into it. I have left the ending open so that a part 2 could be written if people want that. Comments and criticism are welcome, Enjoy x

###

It was that time of year again, the town's annual 1940’s weekend. The event had been going for 6 years now and each year it just got bigger and better and Karen loved every part of it. The market stalls, the music, the old wartime vehicles and memorabilia, people in 40’s clothing, she just loved the whole atmosphere of the event and was eagerly looking forward to the second day. On the first day she had been down with her husband Mark to look around the market and see what delights were on offer but as they had other things to do they couldn’t stay long. However today the plan was to go down and meet up with their friends to enjoy a few drinks and take in the entertainment on the three stages that were placed at key points around the town centre.

As she got out of the shower she checked on the weather forecast and saw it was supposed to be sunny so she decided on a summer dress. She would have loved to get dressed up in costume but once again she had completely forgotten to sort anything.

“Next year I will get dressed up” she said thinking aloud.

“Ha, we say that every year but we never seem to” replied Mark who had just come into the bedroom.

“Hehe, yeah, one day we might actually get organised in advance” said Karen as she looked in the wardrobe deciding what dress to put on.

“Yeah perhaps we will” said Mark lazily admiring his wife. Something about her just being wrapped in a towel always made his mind go fuzzy. “Well I am ready whenever you are, I said I would ring Pete when we get down there”.

“Okay, I won’t be long” said Karen as she pulled out a black and white striped dress from the wardrobe. Mark left and headed downstairs as she went over to her underwear drawer. She picked out a white lacy bra and matching white lacy knickers. She slipped them on and then pulled the dress on over her head. Once it was on she admired herself in the mirror. She loved that the dress hugged against her body and showed off her curves but as she checked the back she noticed that her white knickers were somewhat visible through the dress and she knew that once in the sun they would just get even more visible. She decided against showing everyone her knickers and slid them off, opting instead for a white thong. Once she had put it on she checked and was happy to see it wasn’t as visible. She picked out some sandals for her feet and headed downstairs.

Once they were ready they slowly walked down into town and she was happy to see that the place was crowded and the party atmosphere was in full swing. She looked around at the crowd in the town square, enjoying the multitude of costumes people were wearing. Just ahead of her she saw a woman handing out an event programme and went over to get one. As she came back Mark came off his phone and told her that Pete and Claire were heading their way and would be here in a couple of minutes. They pushed through the crowd and found a spot to lean against the wall.

“Wait here babe, I’ll go get us some drinks, what do you want?” asked Mark pointing to the pub just down the road.

“I’ll have half a lager please” replied Karen, and Claire will most likely want the same. She watched as he weaved through the crowd and disappeared into the pub. Shortly after she saw Pete and Claire making their way towards her.

“Hey Karen” said Pete beaming “lovely day for it, where’s Mark?”

“He has just gone to get drinks for us all, hi Claire”. She started talking to Claire as Pete went over to the pub. About five minutes later Pete reappeared carrying two pints in plastic disposable cups. He handed one to Claire and then held one out to Karen.

“Mark said you asked for a half but it was just easier to get a pint, was murder trying to get served, saves having to go back too soon. Karen took the pint and thanked him. Mark followed just after and handed pete his pint before settling in to enjoy the entertainment on stage. They stood chatting and enjoying the music and performers that were appearing. Karen flicked through the programme with Claire commenting on what sounded good. It seemed that the stage they were at had some good acts for a while so there was no need to go anywhere too soon. As time passed they danced and sang along and got into the good spirits of the day. Before long Karen found she had finished her drink and looking around saw that Pete and Mark had too.

As if he had read Karen’s mind Pete piped up and said “I’ll get us some more drinks guys, but not from there, was packed last time, I will pop down and get some from that stall round by Specsavers, if its still there of course. Same again everyone?”.

“Please” said Karen. Mark and Claire nodded in agreement and Pete set off through the crowd. It was just as he left that Karen realised by saying yes to same again Pete would get her a pint. It wouldn’t be a big issue if he did but she preferred to drink halfs as she could moderate easier how much she was having. She shouted after him but with the music and noise from the crowd he couldn’t hear. She went back to chatting with Claire and ten minutes later Pete popped out of the crowd holding four bottles of beer. Karen took one and read the label, an ale from a local brewery that she hadn’t heard of before. She opened it up and took a swig. There was a taste, a flavour that she couldn’t quite pinpoint. Whatever it was it was delicious, she thought as she took another drink.

For the next hour they watched a number of performances and then the commentator announced there would be a medley of music for a while until the next singer was due on stage. Claire consulted the programme and said that there was some acts on the stage that was located in the car park next to the canal. “Let’s head down there then” suggested Karen.

“Yeah good idea, there is some seating down there and the open air bar is down there I think, perfect for getting our next round of drinks” said Mark smiling. They all set off walking slowly along the main street, talking in the sights and sounds of the market as they passed. Karen suddenly realised that Claire had fallen behind and turned round to see where she was. She found her talking to the owner of one of the stalls so Karen stopped to wait. When Claire caught up she was holding two big wine glasses.

“Fruit Cocktails” she said holding one out to Karen “I couldn’t resist. Karen took the glass off her and started sipping at it as they hurried to catch up to the guys. When they caught up they continued along the main street and wandered up into the car park. This place was just as lively as the town square. In the centre of the car park were a bunch of old army vehicles and in the far corner was a spitfire. The stage was set up in the other corner surrounded on either side by stalls and then down the right hand side was a big open air bar and seating area. They found a table and settled down to enjoy the second round of entertainment for the day. Mark and Pete headed off to the bar and came back shortly after.

Mark put a pint down in front of Karen who, now feeling a little tipsy from the beer and the cocktail, smirked cheekily and made a comment about him trying to get her drunk. She sipped on her cocktail and as she finished it and put her glass on the table she felt the first signs that she needed a wee. She cursed as where they had been stood before they moved was just across from the public toilets in the town square. She should have gone there before they came down here. “Oh well” she thought, it wasn’t too bad anyway. She took the program off Claire and began flicking through it and all thoughts of cursing the fact she hadn’t pee’d disappeared from her mind. Going off of the programme they decided that they would stick around there for a while as there was plenty of fun performances due and it was nice to sit back and relax in the sun.

After 45 minutes and multiple fantastic performances Karen was finding herself unable to keep her filling bladder off her mind. Her need had been steadily increasing since she had sat down and she was definitely starting to get to the point where it was a constant ever present need. The level of need where she would usually start considering heading to the toilet at the earliest convenience. She wasn’t too worried though, she wasn’t anywhere near desperate yet and the programme showed that there would be a break in performances for a short while and when that came they would move on to somewhere else. There were only two more acts until that point so she knew it wouldn’t be too long until they headed back towards the toilets at the other end of town. That would be her first destination when leaving, she wasn’t desperate yet but with how much she had had to drink she knew it wouldn’t be long before she was bursting.

Throughout the next act her need grew and she found herself fidgeting slightly as waves of need pulsed through her bladder. The act that followed was a group of school children singing a bunch of songs. As much as Karen loved them and thought they were adorable in their little costumes she couldn’t help but hope they would soon be done. When they announced they were finishing off with one last song she celebrated silently to herself as her bladder was starting to send signals of urgency. Her latest drink had almost completely gone, she kept on drinking it absentmindedly then cursing as she realised she was just going to make herself more desperate much quicker. She sang along with the children, fidgeting in her seat as the performance came to an end. When the song finished she joined the crowd in applauding and watched the children walk off the stage. After they had left the announcer came back onto stage.

“Another fantastic performance there ladies and gentlemen. If you are interested in other live acts there are plenty to see on the other stages throughout the town but for now here we will be having a short break in the performances for the next half an hour so whether you stay here or venture through the other festivities we hope you have a fantastic day”. With that he jumped off stage and Claire asked what the plan was now. Before Karen could respond another guy had jumped on stage and bellowed into the microphone.

“As John just said there will be a short break in performances but in about ten minutes we will be firing up the Spitfire engine so stick around for that”.

“I guess that answers your question babe” replied Pete, answering Claire’s question.

“Yeah, we can stick around for that and then decide where to head next” added Mark.

Despite her ever pressing need to relieve her bladder Karen couldn’t deny she was interested in seeing the spitfire demonstration and reasoned she could wait another ten minutes. They finished their drinks and then moved off from their table and walked across the car park to where the spitfire was parked so they could get a good view at the front. They found a spot where they had a great view and leaned on the rail chatting. Now she was stood up Karen’s need to wee had seemed to increase but at least now she was stood up she could cross her legs to help relieve some of the pressure she was feeling.

As time passed the crowd around the spitfire grew larger and the pressure on Karen’s bladder continued to grow. She kept telling herself that the demonstration would be starting soon then they could leave and head to the bathrooms. She couldn’t help thinking that but each time she thought it it seemed to make her more desperate, almost as if thinking of how close relief was making her bladder need it more. She kept checking her watch, knowing that it should be starting any moment, urging it to start really soon.

“I thought he said ten minutes” said Claire looking at her watch.

“Yeah he did, must have some stuff to sort out” said Pete who then went back to chatting with Mark.

“Yeah maybe” replied Claire, again looking at her watch. “I hope they do it soon though I’m busting for a pee.

“Yeah me too, I’ve needed a wee for ages, I’m bursting” she told Claire, finding some comfort in the knowledge she wasn’t the only one who was desperate. Now she knew Claire also had to pee she began to see the signs, crossing legs, jiggling knees, exactly the same motions her own need to pee was making her do.

A few minutes passed and then the demonstration began. It started with a run down of the aircraft and an explanation of how the different parts worked and the way the aircraft was used during the war and its key notable achievements. Throughout the talk Karen listened with interest but her focus kept coming back to the increasing pressure between her legs. Her pussy was starting to ache with her need to release her bladder and she was now starting to get desperate and having to really hold back to keep her knickers dry.

“Ooooo I really need a wee now” she said aloud to herself.

“Me too, not long till this is over though, then we can go” replied Claire who had overheard.

“I hope you’re right, I’m nearly wetting myself” said Karen, squeezing her legs together.

The guy finished his explanation of the plane and then they fired up the engine. The sudden loud noise of the engine firing up startled Karen and that sudden loss of concentration almost spelled disaster for her knickers. She crossed her legs tight and focused again on holding on. The demonstration of the engine was really cool and Karen really enjoyed it but once it had ended there was only one thing on her mind, getting to the bathroom as soon as possible before she actually did end up wetting herself.

As the crowd started to disperse it was Claire who brought up the toilets. “Can we head back to the town square please, I really need a wee and I think Karen wants to go too”.

“There are some toilets just round the corner there” said Pete pointing across the car park, I used them earlier when I headed to the bar.

“What!! Why didn’t you say, I’ve been needing to pee for ages and there are toilets just across there” exclaimed Claire.

“I didn’t know it was my job to announce when I find toilets” joked Pete sticking his tongue out.

Karen laughed but inside was feeling some sort of relief that there were toilets so nearby. She was really having to hold back now and her knickers were in danger of getting wet if she didn’t pee soon. They made their way slowly with the crowd back across the car park and when they reached the bar the guys said they would grab some drinks whilst the ladies went and used the toilets. Karen and Claire continued on and when they came around the corner Karen was delighted to see a row of four portaloos lined up against the back wall of one of the buildings . She found it cool how they fit in with the rest of the decorations. Covered in union jack print and covered in army gear. They almost looked like an exhibit.

The sight of them made her bladder ache knowing how close relief was. She pushed through the crowd with Claire following behind and with each step closer her pussy throbbed and ached with the effort of holding back the contents of her bursting bladder. As they pushed through the crowd she moaned in despair at the sight in front of her. What she had thought to be the regular crowd was actually a queue of people waiting to use the toilets. It seemed that everyone had had the same idea and had headed to the toilets after the demonstration had finished. She looked at Claire who had also come to the same realisation.

“Oh god I don’t know if I can wait in that queue” said Claire, crossing her legs.

“Me neither babe, if I have to wait for all those people to go first I will definitely won’t make it” responded Karen, mimicking Claire’s leg crossing. “I’m about to wet myself as it is”.

The more she looked at the people waiting she saw others who looked desperate too and seeing that was making it difficult to keep the flood at bay. She looked longingly at the toilets before turning to Claire and saying “come on, I definitely can’t wait here, it will be quicker to go back to the town square”.

Claire agreed so begrudgingly and to much protest from her bulging bladder they turned back and headed back to the guys. As they got there they found Mark and Pete waiting to be served at the bar.

“We need to go down to the square and use the toilets there” said Claire as Pete looked round. “There was a big queue for those ones”.

“Yeah no worries” replied Pete, we will just get these drinks and then we will go down.

“We will wait over there for you” said Claire pointing towards the exit of the car park. “Be quick though, we really really have to pee”.

They made their way across and stood waiting for the guys. She watched them at the bar urging them to hurry up as she stood crossing and jiggling her legs. She kept getting waves of desperation hitting her and with each one she felt like she was going to start dribbling into her knickers. She was so focused on the throbbing need between her legs that she didn’t notice Mark and Pete across the way waving for them to come over. She followed Claire to where they were stood and took the drink that Mark was holding out for her. Her first instinct was to take a drink from it but she stopped herself deciding it probably wasn’t the best idea to add more liquid to her body when she was so close to losing control of her bladder.

It shouldn’t have taken long to get across town but with the mass crowds packed into the high street it was a slow process making their way along. Each time she had to stop to push through the crowd her bladder ached and she had to squeeze her legs together. Mark and Pete were chatting next to her and she heard Mark saying something about picking up some clothes from home beforehand.

“If you are picking up some clothes from home you can bring me some new knickers for when I wet myself” laughed Karen, crossing her legs to show how much she needed to pee. Mark laughed and continued chatting to Pete. She made a joke of it but Karen really was starting to get dangerously close to wetting herself. She often found herself desperate to pee, there had been times when she had had some very close calls. This was definitely going to be one of them. Alcohol always seemed to make her need to pee so much more intense and she was now really really desperate and was beginning to doubt that she would be able to keep her knickers dry.

As they came towards the town square they could hear someone singing on stage and could see the crowd that had gathered throughout the square. Beyond that crowd were the public toilets and the relief that Karen’s bladder so desperately needed. As they made there way over she was hit with a sudden feeling of despair as she saw a guy in a high vis standing outside the row of toilets.

“Oh god oh god please please don’t be out of order or anything” she thought to herself as she got closer. Her despair was lifted when she saw someone go into one of the toilets. When she looked closer she saw the guy was standing outside the disabled toilet in the middle. They came out of the crowd and Karen was relieved to see there were only a group of women waiting outside and there wasn’t a huge massive queue. She stood behind the group that were waiting with Claire and focused on holding on just a little longer.

The woman in front of her was complaining about the guy standing outside the disabled toilet. From what the woman was saying he was standing there because the previous day there had been complaints about lots of people using the disabled toilet meaning those who were actually disabled and needed to use it were having to wait so now they had someone stopping that from happening. Despite being absolutely desperate Karen had no issue with that, in her mind the disabled bathroom was for disabled people.

“I don’t see why he can’t just let us use that toilet, nobody else is using it” moaned the woman.

“I guess that is just what he has been ordered to do” replied Karen, not wanting to get into an argument about the ethics of disabled bathrooms with the woman.

“That may be but it still doesn’t change the fact there is a queue and a spare bathroom, he is even stopping women using the two mens toilets it's ridiculous”.

Karen just nodded in agreement and looked over at Mark and Pete who were standing waiting for the mens toilets to become free. The waves of desperation were getting more intense with each passing moment and it was talking all of her concentration to focus on holding on. She saw Mark move towards the door of the toilet and deposit his coin and she realised that she might not have 20p for the door. She fished in her purse hoping that she did and thankfully for her she found one in the sea of change. She took it out and held it ready. By now there were two people waiting in front of her and she was silently urging for whoever was in the toilets to be quick.

Suddenly a wave of desperation took over her body and the intense surge in pressure caused a leak to escape into her knickers. She crossed her legs tight and had to resist the urge to hold herself. She would have loved to give her pussy a squeeze to help with the pressure but she couldn’t do that with so many people around, she just had to cross her legs and squeeze her muscles tight. One of the toilets became free and the woman at the front of the line went into the vacant block leaving just the complaining woman in front of Karen in the queue.

Now that the damn had been breached it was so much harder to hold back the leaks. Despite squeezing her legs tightly she felt another leak escape her quivering pee hole and dampen her knickers. She was starting to lose control and knew if she didn’t get to pee within the next couple of minutes she wouldn’t be able to stop and she would have pee streaming down her legs.

Finally the miserable woman who had done nothing but complain went into the toilet leaving Karen next in line, standing desperately trying to keep control for a little longer. Being so close to relief but having to wait was like torture for her poor bladder and she found herself leaking again. She was on the verge of an accident and just as she was starting to consider that she might actually wet her knickers the door of the toilet opened and the girl that was in there exited. Karen rushed forward and waited for the light on the door to switch to green indicating it was ready to use. When it finally shone green she put her coin in and pulled the door.

The door didn’t move and when she looked she saw her coin had been returned. She grabbed it and quickly wiped it on her dress, hoping that it worked this time. She placed it back in the slot and this time the door beeped and she pulled it open. She dashed inside and the sight of the toilet in front of her caused her bladder to push and shoot a spurt into her little thong. She quickly lifted up her dress and pulled down her knickers. As soon as her thong was out of the way her pussy throbbed hard and pee started spurting out of her aching pee hole. A few drops ran down her legs as she quickly sat down and relaxed her muscles. She sighed in relief as pee gushed out full force and the pressure was lifted from her aching pussy. She moaned as her bladder emptied and the feeling of desperation slowly lifted.

It seemed to go on and on and when she finally finished and the stream died down she sighed happily. She wiped herself dry and pulled her knickers back up. She felt them as she put them in place and found they were a little wet but it could have been a lot worse she thought as she pulled her dress down and sorted herself out. After washing her hands she headed out and didn’t see Claire so figured she must be in the toilet next door. She walked over and stood to wait for the others and she suddenly saw Claire rushing towards her.

“Karen, have you got 20p babe?”. She said sounding flustered.

“No I just used the only one I had just then”. Replied Karen.

“Oh god, after you went into the toilet I realised I didn’t have any change on me and Pete was in the toilet so I had to leave the queue to wait for him, then when he came out he didn’t have 20p and neither did Mark so they have gone to get some change, I was hoping you would have one”.

“I’m afraid not, I thought I was going to be in the same boat but luckily I had one 20p in my purse” said Karen realising now why Claire was sounding flustered, she still had to pee.

“That’s okay, I just hope they get back soon, I’m absolutely busting for a wee” said Claire, bobbing on the spot as she did. After a few minutes Pete came back and handed 20p to Claire who grabbed it and dashed over and joined the queue again. Karen watched as she stood squirming and jiggling and couldn’t imagine what state she would have been in if she had had to get to the front of the queue and then leave only to have to queue again. From the look of it Claire was as desperate as she had just been herself and was happy when Claire finally went into the bathroom.

She came out a few minutes later looking much more relieved and headed back over to them. They grabbed their drinks and decided to head on down to the other end of town where there was a funfair and they knew there favorite food stall would be. Every Time there was an event in town like this there was a food stall that always set up in the same place that did amazing hot pork sandwiches and after a few beers that sounded like just the thing that was needed. Mark and Pete were walking ahead and suddenly Claire whispered “that was really close that one”.

“What was that?” asked Karen.

“I very nearly had an accident just then” replied Claire. “Lets just say when I got to the toilet my knickers were not entirely dry, I was so desperate”.

Karen smiled and said “I know the feeling, I was in the same position”. Claire laughed hearing that and joked about it as they wandered down the high street. They got to the stall they were heading for and each ordered a pork sandwich and went and sat on a wall nearby to eat them and finish their drinks. There was another stage nearby so they sat for a while enjoying the music.

“You guys can come back to ours if you want to” said Pete. “We were going to grab a few bits for a bbq , you are more than welcome to join us if you don’t have anything else planned”.

Karen looked at Mark and nodded before turning to Pete and telling him that they didn’t have plans so would love to come round for the evening. They finished off their drinks and then set off walking out of the town centre towards the supermarket on the outskirts. As they stood waiting at the traffic lights waiting to cross Karen realised she was starting to feel a little drunk, that and she was beginning to feel the need to wee again. It was always the case when she had been drinking, once the seal was broken it didn’t take long for her bladder to fill up again and she knew it wouldn’t be too long until she would have to go to the toilet again. She figured she would go at the supermarket and put the thought out of her mind.

*011*2018-07-13 19:02

Part 2

She hated these traffic lights, they were a nightmare in a car but even worse when you wanted to cross the road. It seemed to take forever before the green man appeared and they crossed the first road. Once in the middle barrier they had to wait again for the next set of lights to allow them to cross. Eventually they got across and headed towards the supermarket up ahead. As they reached the entrance and walked through the car park Pete suddenly stopped and looked at his watch.

“Anyone fancy a walk around the park, seems a shame to waste such a lovely day” he said pointing across to the other side of the car park where there the park was. They all agreed it was a good idea and continued across the car park and walked up the ramp that led them into the park. Despite the event in the town centre the park was quite busy and Karen loved it. She loved seeing people enjoying the lovely day. People walking their dogs, kids laughing and playing in the playground, couples lounging around sunbathing. Something about the atmosphere filled her with a lovely feeling and made her feel so relaxed. They made their way down through the play area and across the little bridge over the beck and onto the back field. They joined the path that ran around the edge of the field and set off on a lovely stroll enjoying the sun and each others company.

On a typical day it would probably take about 15 minutes to walk around the edge of the field walking at her usual pace but today the combination of being tipsy and the warm weather meant their pace was much slower than usual and it was a while before they were two thirds of the way round and came to the big stone bridge over the beck that connected the two sides of the park. They stood on the bridge and leant on the railings having a breather and whilst standing watching the water running down the waterfall Karen was reminded of her need to pee. Now she had thought about it she realised how full her bladder had gotten in the time they had been walking around the park. She wasn’t too worried though as it wouldn’t take them long to get to the supermarket. Her thoughts were interrupted by Claire.

“Do you think the cafe will be open today, I fancy an ice cream, how about you guys?”

“I don’t see why it won’t be open” replied Mark. “and an ice cream sounds lovely right about now, need to cool down”.

“We’ll have a walk over and see and if its shut we can get an ice cream from the supermarket” said Pete.

As they crossed over the bridge Karen laughed to herself and found it quite funny that she needed to pee and where they were heading was once the parks public toilets. At least up until two years ago when the council declared that they could no longer afford to maintain them and sold the building. Shortly after the building was bought and turned into a small cafe within the park. Right now a part of her wished the park still had public toilets. Now her bladder was on her mind she was aware of how quickly her need was growing as all the alcohol she had drunk was filtering through.

When they reached the cafe they were happy to see it was open and they quickly went to one of the vacant tables outside and sat down. After consulting the ice cream menu and deciding what everybody wanted Mark and Pete went inside to order. Now she was sat down her need to pee didn’t feel as bad and as she started talking to Claire once again it vanished from her mind. A few minutes later the guys came back and said that their ice creams would be brought out when they were ready. Karen sat watching the kids playing and reminiscing about coming to this park with her parents when she was younger. Shortly after the waitress came out and placed their ice cream sundaes down and four glasses of lemonade. The sight of the ice cold lemonade was so tempting and Karen took a long drink.

“Mmmmm that’s so nice” she said as she put her glass down.

“I thought it would be a good idea to get drinks as well and the ice cold lemonade looked so good I couldn’t resist” said Mark sipping at his own glass. It certainly had been a good idea, the lemonade was so refreshing and after their walk around the park it was certainly needed to cool down. After she had finished her sundae she sat back with her lemonade and as she took a drink she squeezed her legs together as the urge to pee came back suddenly. Once the desperate urge had subsided she was left with the familiar pressure feeling that came from having a bladder that badly wanted release. All of the others had finished their sundaes so she knew it wouldn’t be long before they headed to the supermarket, the sooner the better as it definitely wouldn’t be long before she was desperate.

As they finished their drinks they started planning what they wanted to get from the supermarket and Pete commented that they should head there sooner rather than later as it was Sunday and would be closing early. When they had all finished Mark collected the glasses and Pete picked up the sundae bowls and carried them back into the cafe. The girls grabbed their bags and stood up and set off slowly walking down the path. When they reached the fork in the path that would lead them out of the park back to the supermarket they stood to wait for the guys to catch up and now she was stood up she felt like gravity was taking effect on her bladder.

When she had been sat down she had been subconsciously squeezing her legs together and crossing her legs back and forth but now she was stood up her bladder felt heavier and she was definitely starting to get desperate for relief. She stood jiggling as she watched Mark and Pete walking towards them and when they caught up they carried on out of the park.

As they headed across the car park towards the supermarket they could see the signs of things winding down ready for the store to be closed. She grabbed a trolly and they headed inside. Although it hadn’t taken long for them to get from the park the walk hadn’t been easy. With each step her need seemed to have increased and she was having to really concentrate on not wetting her knickers. The moment they walked in her only thought was getting to the toilet.

“Before we go any further I have to pee” exclaimed Karen as she turned in the direction of the customer toilets.

“I’ll come with you, I really need a wee myself, that beer has gone straight through me” said Claire turning to follow behind her. The guys said they would start grabbing some things whilst they were gone and Karen nodded to show she had heard. She quickly walked towards the cafe in the supermarket where she knew the toilets were located and as she turned the corner she saw two women stood outside the disabled toilet. One of the women was an older lady so she just assumed she was waiting for the disabled loo. However as she reached the ladies further down the corridor she was greeted by a yellow wet floor sign in the doorway and the doors were propped open by a cart full of cleaning products. When she looked inside she saw a young guy cleaning the sinks. He heard Karen outside the door and looked up.

“Sorry, the toilets are closed for cleaning as the store is closing soon, the disabled toilet is available for use”.

“Okay thank you” replied Karen. She wanted to complain and ask if she could just use the toilet that she could see right in front of her but the thought of letting this young lad know how badly she had to pee made her feel embarrassed. The sight of the toilet and the relief that was so close but just out of reach was really increasing the pressure between her legs and making her struggle not to just completely wet herself right there. As she turned away she saw the wet floor sign that had stopped her and thought about how close she was to making more of the floor wet.

As she turned around Claire had caught up after having talking with the guys and Karen pointed to the disabled toilet behind her.

“The ladies is closed, we have to use the disabled” she said as Claire came level with her.

“Oh….okay” replied Claire turning round and she had a look of despair when she saw that there were a couple of people waiting.

They went and stood behind the two ladies waiting and Karen turned her focus onto the pulsing pressure between her legs. She was now getting urges of desperation flooding through her and each one she had to clench her muscles tight to keep her knickers dry.

“Oooo whilst we are here I will show you that dress you asked about the other day” said Claire. It took her a few moments to realise what Claire was talking about. Not surprising really, her brain felt like it was floating. She remembered a few days prior she had commented on a dress that Claire was wearing and how nice it was and asked where she had gotten it. She had told her then she had picked it up in the supermarket.

“Yeah, I might have to get one for myself, it’s really nice” Karen replied after realising what Claire meant.

As she was talking to Claire the person in the disabled toilet came out and the older woman and the person Karen assumed to be her daughter went in. She moved so she was stood outside the door and leaned against the wall. On one hand she was glad that both the women had gone in together, physcologically it made her feel better knowing that she was next in line, but on the other hand it meant that she would have to wait for both of them to do what they needed to do, at least she hope she could wait, with each passing second she felt herself getting closer to having an accident and flooding her knickers. At least now she was just with Claire in a secluded corridor she didn’t have to worry about people seeing her and with that knowledge she crossed her legs and pushed her hand into her crotch. Claire smiled and started squirming on the spot.

“You look like I feel” she joked “beer always makes me desperate to wee”.

“Yeah me too” said Karen squeezing her legs together “always the same when I’ve been drinking, once I pee once I end up going all the time”. She looked at the occupied toilet and sighed. “I hope they aren’t long I’m absolutely bursting, and by the looks of it so are you” she said nodding at Claire’s legs which were crossed and jiggling.

Time seemed to be moving super slowly and although in reality she knew it had only been a few minutes it had seemed ages since the two women had gone into the bathroom. Clenching her muscles tight was making her pussy ache but unlike before at least this time she could give herself a quick rub to relieve some of the pressure. Being able to squeeze her pussy and hold herself was helping keep her knickers dry but she knew that eventually no matter how hard she pressed her fingers into her crotch it wouldn’t stop the uncontrollable desperation building inside her. Claire was saying something to her but she couldn’t concentrate on what she was saying, all she could think about was how badly she needed a wee and how close relief was.

“Just keep holding on a couple more minutes” she kept thinking to herself. She was so focused on her own desperate need that she hadn’t noticed Claire standing next to her pee dancing like crazy. Just as she thought she was about to start losing control and leaking she was brought back to reality by the sound of the door opening in front of her. The two women walked out and smiled at Claire and Karen before walking past and round the corner.

Karen quickly rushed forward into the bathroom and knew Claire was following so left the door. She ran over to the toilet and as quickly as she could and yanked her dress up the moment she heard Claire locking the door behind her. She spun round, pulled her thong down and before she could fully get into position her bladder pushed hard and a forceful stream shot out of her aching pussy. She moved back onto the toilet and let out a huge sigh of relief as her muscles relaxed and the pressure lifted from her bladder.

“Ooooo that sounds nice, hurry up though”

Karen looked up and found Claire standing with her dress pulled up and her hand held tight against her crotch, squirming and dancing.

“Oh god babe be quick, the sound of you peeing is making it so hard not to wet myself”.

“I’ll be as fast as I can” said Karen, although she was still peeing full force and her bladder still felt quite full. She sat enjoying the relief as her bladder deflated and all the while listening to Claire’s moans and gasps. “Poor thing, it must be so hard watching someone pee when you are bursting” thought Karen but in that moment her selfish enjoyment of how good peeing felt took over. After what felt like an eternity her stream died down and as it did Claire started bobbing on the spot.

“Oh thank god, please say you are almost finished, I’m absolutely dying for a wee, I swear I’m like ten seconds away from peeing in the sink” she said frantically squirming.

Karen laughed and once she had finished she quickly wiped her pussy and then moved out of the way. Once she had moved Claire yanked down her knickers and quickly sat on the toilet and sighed happily, enjoying the same wonderful feeling Karen had just experienced. As Claire peed Karen sorted out her knickers and put her dress back into place and went to wash her hands. She dried her hands and waited for Claire to finish off and do the same. When she had they left the bathrooms and walked around into the clothes section to look at what was on offer.

They found the dress Claire had mentioned and Karen decided to treat herself and picked one up in her size. She went and tried it on and decided it looked great and after trying on a few other items they went off to find the guys. They found them looking at burgers and debating on what they wanted for the bbq. They slowly walked up and down the aisles browsing what was on offer and occasionally one of them would pick something up and throw it in the trolley. Just as they reached the end of the first row of aisles the tannoy system sounded and informed that the store would be closing in ten minutes. They quickly checked what else they needed and went to the drinks aisle to grab a crate of beer and some wine and then grabbed some snack items from the crisp aisle before making one final check that they had everything they wanted.

When they came to the checkouts most of them were closed apart from a couple near the store entrance. They made their way down and joined one of the queues. With only a couple of checkouts open there were a few people in front but they were in no major rush now they were queueing up to checkout. Eventually they reached the front and Karen helped Claire pack the shopping whilst joking about leaving Mark and Pete to pay for it all. Once they had paid they wandered out of the store and went and sat on the bench outside at the pick up point where Pete phoned for a taxi to take them back home. Mid conversation he held the phone away from his ear and said “they say it will be about 20 minutes what with the event in town, is that okay?”.

“Yeah no problem, not like we are stuck out in the rain or anything” replied Mark pointing at the glorious sunshine. Pete went back to talking to the taxi operator and confirming the booking before hanging up and sitting down on the bench too. It was only when Karen sat back to wait for their ride did she realise that once again her bladder was starting to fill. At first she was shocked at how quickly it had happened but she then realised that they had spent a while looking at clothes and wandering about the shop and with all the drinks she had consumed she couldn’t be too surprised. After almost wetting herself twice already she thought about quickly popping back inside and using the bathroom but when she looked round the corner the shutters were being pulled down as the store closed. She sat back and figured that it shouldn’t be too bad and would pee when she got to Pete and Claire’s house.

*020*2018-08-18 20:19

Part 3

The sun beating down felt so nice on her skin and she leaned back enjoying the warmth. Pete had said the taxi would be about 20 minutes so there was time to enjoy the beautiful day. Claire started talking to her about work and after a few minutes Pete opened the crate of beer they had just bought and pulled some cans out. He held one out for Claire and then passed to Karen.

“Might as well have a drink whilst we are sat waiting”. He said passing another can over to Mark. Karen opened the can and took a sip. “Would be much better chilled” she thought to herself, but when it was this warm any drink was refreshing. She went back to chatting with Claire and bathing in the sun. It didn’t take long before she was crushing the can between her hand and got up to walk over to the bin. She dropped the can into the trash and as she walked back over to the bench where they were sitting she felt a pang from her bladder and she realised it might not have been such a good idea to drink her can so quickly, or even at all. As she sat back down she wished she could have gone and peed quickly before they had shut the store but that wasn't an option. She would just have to wait until they got to Claire’s house.

Claire was now showing Mark something on her phone and without the distraction of conversation Karen’s focus was on her pressing need. She was really starting to regret drinking that can as her bladder was starting to feel pretty full and was getting really needy for relief. She tried not to worry too much but she had no idea how long the taxi would be and how long it would be before they would be back at Claire and Pete’s. Not knowing how long the taxi would be also meant she couldn’t really sneak off somewhere and pop a squat. To get any kind of privacy she would have to go over to the park and knowing her luck the taxi would show up just as got into position and started having a wee. Plus she really didn’t want to have to do that and have the others know that she was getting desperate again like a little kid. All she could do was hope that the taxi would arrive soon and she wouldn’t have to wait too long to get to the bathroom.

As time passed she kept looking at her watch and the more she looked the more time seemed to slow down and her need to pee seemed to get worse. She guessed it was getting close to being 20 minutes since Pete rang so hopefully it wouldn’t be too much longer. However the minutes continued to pass by. “It’s taking a while to come” said Claire.

“Yeah but what do you expect with how many people are in town today” replied Pete. “Usually I would be annoyed but on a day like this you just have to roll with it. Karen half hoped that Pete would be more annoyed and get on the phone and tell them to hurry up. She was really needing a wee now and she knew that even once the taxi arrived there was no telling how long she would have to sit in the car making their way back to Pete and Claire’s. She knew she was starting to fidget but she couldn’t help it, the pressure on her pussy was starting to build like it did when she was busting for a wee.

She found herself alternating between looking at her watch, looking at the entrance to the car park and looking at her bouncing legs. She didn’t know which one was worse. All she knew was she was silently wishing for the taxi to get here now. She was confident she could make it back if they set off within the next few minutes but any longer and she was in danger of wetting herself in the back of the taxi. Just as the thought of how embarrassing that would be started entering her mind she was distracted by Mark.

“This looks like it could be us” he said pointing at a car that was coming into the car park. As it got nearer Karen was happy to see the markings of the taxi company on the side of the car and felt a little relief that it was finally here. As the taxi pulled up she stood up and had to squeeze her legs as the sudden motion made a wave of desperation hit her bladder. “Not long now, just hold on” she said to herself as she climbed into the back of the car beside Claire. Pete jumped in the front and Mark got in on Claire’s other side. When Pete had confirmed the destination with the driver they set off much to Karen’s relief.

As they came out of the supermarket car park onto the main road they joined the queue of traffic making its way through the town centre. On a normal day the string of traffic lights and roundabouts that ran around the town were a nightmare but with the roads through the town centre closed off for the festival traffic was moving even slower. All Karen could do was look around at the traffic and pray that it wouldn’t take long to get through to the other side of town.

Just the sight of all the cars and the red lights was making her bladder ache with the desperate need to be emptied. Now she was sat down she could bounce her legs which helped a little but what she longed to do was hold her hand against her pussy where all the pressure was building. Unfortunately her dress didn’t have enough slack to allow her to do that, at least not without sticking her hand up and pressing directly on her knickers. She just resigned herself to bouncing her legs and squeezing her muscles to stop the ever growing flood threatening to erupt from between her legs.

It took a few minutes to get through the traffic and out to the other side of town and onto the main road out of town where at least they could get moving. As they picked up speed Karen starting feeling more confident that she would be able to wait, at least as long as there were no more hold ups. As if she had read her mind Claire leaned in and muttered “there best not be be anymore traffic, I need to get home asap”.

“Why whats up?” asked Karen, suddenly concerned something might be wrong. Claire glanced around at Mark and saw he was leant forward talking to Pete in the front seat. She turned back and whispered “I need a wee, no I really need a wee”. She suddenly gasped and moaned “oh god I’m almost wetting my knickers”. As she said this Karen saw her stiffen up and recognised the signs of a woman experiencing desperation. Karen leaned in and whispered “I’m glad I’m not the only one”. Claire looked at Karen and then down at her legs and saw them bouncing. She laughed and said “oh god, what are we like”.

Karen returned the laugh, again feeling somewhat comforted by the knowledge she wasn’t the only one in a desperate predicament. She couldn’t explain why it made her feel better, it just did. At least mentally. Physically she was still dying for a wee and getting dangerously close to having an accident right there on the back seat. From the look of it Claire was almost there too. The next few minutes seemed to pass so slowly and Karen felt a huge sense of relief when they pulled into Claire’s road and pulled up outside their house.

They all got out and despite wanting nothing more than to run inside and empty her bursting bladder there was shopping to be got out of the boot. Whilst Pete paid the driver Mark grabbed the crate of beer whilst Claire got the wine and Karen grabbed the bags. They made their way up the drive and Karen was happy to see that Pete had already the door open. They went inside and Karen hurried into the kitchen and put the bags of shopping down on the counter and put her handbag down too. When she turned round Pete came in and put the crate of the beer on the table.

As Karen went to head to the door to go upstairs something suddenly hit her. Mark had gotten the beer out of the car so why had Pete brought it in. She looked at Pete and asked where Mark was and she groaned when she heard his response. “He went up to the toilet I think, he handed me the beer and shot upstairs so I assume that is where he went”.

“Hopefully he won’t be too long” thought Karen squeezing her legs as she headed towards the door. Just as she got there Claire came rushing in and put down the wine on the table. Karen headed out and went upstairs. When she got to the bathroom door she tried the door and found it locked. She knocked and shouted “hurry up babe, I’m bursting for a wee”. She heard movement behind her and saw Claire appear at the top of the stairs.

When she saw the door was shut she crossed her legs and said “oh god is Mark in there?”. Karen nodded and Claire groaned “oh god he has to be quick I am literally starting to wet myself”. Claire moved over and stood by the door and grabbed her crotch and began dancing on the spot. Karen couldn’t help but do the same. She too was on the verge of wetting her knickers and knew she wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer. After holding to bursting point twice already she knew her bladder wasn’t as strong as usual and once she started losing control it would happen pretty quickly.

Luckily for her the toilet flushed and Mark opened the door. As she went to go in Claire suddenly jumped in front of her and with a smirk said “my house, I’m going first”. When Karen moaned and asked to go first Claire added “you went first at the supermarket, besides I’m about to burst”. Without waiting for a response Claire dashed into the bathroom and Karen watched as she quickly pulled up her dress and for a split second she saw a wet patch on Claire’s knickers before they were yanked down and her stream started. Claire sighed loudly as her stream got stronger and gushed into the toilet.

All Karen could do was stand squirming and doing all she could to keep holding on just a little longer. The sudden delay in relief had caused her to start dribbling in her knickers and now listening to Claire relieving herself was causing her bladder to leak uncontrollably. She could feel her knickers getting wet and there was nothing she could do to stop it other than jam her hand up her dress and push hard against her aching pussy.

She danced around in utter desperation and realised she looked like Claire had done when she was waiting for her to finish earlier. Oh how the tables had turned. Her control was fading, the leaks were getting worse and now her knickers were saturated and would absorb no more. The feeling of pee snaking down her legs was making it so hard to hold back the rest of the flood but she had to, she had to wait a little longer. Without warning a hard spurt shot into her knickers and she gasped loudly.

Another spurt, then another. Now pee was running down her legs and getting her feet wet. Inside her head she was willing herself to hold on, almost there, Claire would be finished soon then you can pee, just a few more seconds, please please please I just need to pee. Her inner monologue wasn’t helping. The more she thought about holding on the more she spurted and then suddenly she felt it. A huge wave of desperation crippled her body and she knew she couldn’t wait. The pain in her bladder was so bad and she could feel the flood coming down to her quivering pussy.

Without thinking she opened the door to the shower cubicle and jumped inside. The moment she knew she wouldn’t be making a mess her bladder pushed hard and the battle was lost. Pee erupted from her aching pee hole and soaked through her knickers and soaked the front of her dress. It streamed down her legs and gushed down between them. She spread her legs and just let the relief wash over her. In that moment she didn’t care that she was having an accident in front of her friend, she didn’t care about the embarrassment, all that mattered was the wonderful feeling of releasing that intense pressure. It seemed to go on forever but eventually the stream died down until she was just left standing there dripping and soaked.

“Oh gosh” she heard Claire say and she looked up, her face burning with embarrassment. She started laughing. It was either laugh or cry and it seemed laughing won. Claire started laughing too and suddenly it seemed more funny than shameful. When they stopped laughing she couldn’t believe she had just wet herself. At least she hadn’t made a mess on the floor, just completely soaked her dress. “Take those off, I will get you something to change into” said Claire chuckling to herself.

“Go and get that dress I bought, now I have an excuse to wear it” joked Karen as she peeled off her soaked knickers. Claire disappeared and came back a few moments later with Karen’s new dress. She went and brought her some clean knickers and left. Karen stripped off her dress and threw it and her knickers on the floor of the shower and quickly turned on the water to wash off her legs and gave her clothes a rinse through. Once she had she hung them up and then dried herself off before putting on the clean knickers and her new dress.

When she went downstairs Mark commented on the fact she had changed and with a blush she told him what had just happened. He just laughed and said “ah well, it happens”.

“Aye it does” said Pete and Karen jumped not realising he was behind them. She hadn’t meant for him to hear too. “It happens to us all….doesn’t it babe” he said winking at Claire.

“Shut up you” replied Claire suddenly blushing.

“Am I missing something” said Karen intrigued.

“Oh so I take it she hasn’t told you that when you guys went out last month on that leaving party for erm whatshername at the office that when she got home she didn’t even make it through the front door before she started wetting herself, at least you made it upstairs”. He continued smirking at Claire.

She laughed and threw the tea towel at him “I was drunk and I was absolutely dying for a pee, I thought I was going to pee in the taxi, I was surprised I managed to make it the door”.

“Yeah well it was certainly a shock for me when you came in and did that” laughed Pete “so don’t worry Karen, you aren’t the only one.

The guilt and embarrassment Karen had felt lifted and instead she just laughed as she watched Claire chasing Pete around the kitchen playfully hitting him for revealing her story. She would have to press her for details about that, always good to have a good embarrassing story to use as leverage.

###

I might do the story of Claire's night out accident if you guys are interested in that, let me know

