Dragon Ball Omorashi: New Lost Stories - A Fusions Story; Urine Crisis

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2018-12-15 23:48

In a crazy alternative reality of the Dragon Ball World where Fusion is more useful than ever, the EX Fighter Gang (Male Human Hero, Pan (GT), Kid Goten, Kid Trunks, & Kid Goku) encounter 2 strong Female Saiyans known as Caulifla & Kale at the World Martial Arts Tournament.....

Caulifla: I've heard alot about you guys, the ones who saved many Timelines and what-not

Pan GT: Yup that's us, I'm guessing you want to fight us?

Kale: Um... Well... you see... me & sis are from a different universe... so we thought we could um... fight some strong opponents like you... *Kale shivers*

Kid Goku: Hmm... I don't see why not but I think Trunks & Goten might have an idea to settle this

Caulifla: And that is...?

Goten & Trunks: FUSION LADIES!

(Goten & Trunks perform the EX Fusion Dance)

EX Gotanks: Well can you handle it?

Caulifla: Hmm well I do have Potara Earrings that I was saving for a Special Fight but me & Kale will take you on!

Kale: *squirming & shivers* uh... yeah... we'll fight together... (I need to go!)

Caulifla: You okay Kale?

Kale: Um yeah... Let's do this... (I hope those Potara things will suppress the bladder)

(Caulifla & Kale perform the Potara Sequence)

Kefla: Alright I'm Fired U---

EX Gotanks: Something wrong?

Kefla: Um for some reason I need to pee really bad!

(EX Gotanks & others were baffled)

Hero: Um did one of you had to pee before you fused?

Kefla: (Hmm I know Caulifla didn't need to pee so that leaves)... Dammit Kale!

Kid Goku: I knew she had to pee

Pan GT: Then why didn't you say anything!?

Kid Goku: I don't know, I thought it wouldn't be polite if I shouted that on top of my head

Kefla: Dammit there's no restroom nearby!

EX Gotanks, Kid Goku, & Hero: Then pee outside

Pan GT & Kefla:Hell no you morons!

EX Gotanks: Then do you have any ideas Pan?

Kefla: They got a point

Pan GT: Go crazy then *talks in disappointment*

Kefla: Well if you say so *pulls down pants right in front of the gang*

Hero & EX Gotanks: *eye shocked & blushing* uh---

Pan GT: Turn around you pervs especially you Grandpa she needs 'privacy'

Kid Goku: Okay then

Kefla: *squats & relaxes* *pee comes out like a sprinkler with a big burning sensation & hissing sound* Aw that's a relief, thanks for telling the boys to look away

Pan GT: *embarrased & blushes* um no problem I guess

Kefla: *continues peeing* Wow this feels good makes me want to masturbate afterwards...

The Gang: Masturbate?

Kefla: Oh um you kids are too young to know what it is

Kid Goku: Is it something you can eat?

Kefla: Uh no *stops peeing* Okay you guys can turn around now

Pan GT: Great now I have to go, luckily it isn't that urgent so I could use the restroom inside the World Martial Arts Tournament regularly, laters. Have fun with your fight you 2 or is it technically 4?

Kefla & EX Gotanks: Alright lets do this!!!

(((NOTE: Dragon Ball Fusions is a Video Game that was used for this scenario)))

*002*2018-12-16 15:45

{{14 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was very interesting and good

}}

You think so? I'm glad you liked but was there anything for me to improve?

*005*2018-12-17 16:41

{{11 hours ago, Ghostblade913 said:

Oh yeah that’s pretty good

It’s a shame kefla didn’t wet herself though

}}

Yeah there will be some wetting ones & just peeing ones. I think I want Future Mai to wet herself in her own story. I'm glad you still liked it

