Me, Yuka and the late-night bathroom trip(partly horror)

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*000*2025-06-01 13:11

This is just an idea I got sleeping in a hotel in my beach vacation one day.

This story is about a couple White(guy) and Yuka(girl,don't think too much about their name) who just started dating and a strange even in the hotel. It will be in White's perspective. Noted that this was originally written in Thai there might be some strange sentence or wording since some sentence couldn't be translated.

(" ") for White's dialogs and (* *) to describe action

Sometimes at night, In a hotel room near the beach:

Yuka: you're not playing video games?

"My phone's battery died"

Yuka: guessed it, you played with it the whole time on the bus

I walk over to the light switch, because the bathroom is all the way at the end of the hallway near the stairs I wanna make sure Yuka doesn't need to use it anytime soon

"Have you gone to the bathroom? You're gonna need to pee in the night"

Yuka: ah, I went there just earlier~

"I'll turn off the light"

Yuka: Umph, aright

I turned off the light and walk to my bed, lay on it and closed my eye.

Looking back, Yuka and I had been very close friends. Everyone, even the professors at the college, wanted us together. Recently, through some wingman magic we get to know each other's feelings and started dating. Right now we're on a school trip to the beach, The hotel rooms fit two people each and there happened to be one guy and girl left without a roommate. So the professors decided to assigned us to share a room.

Sleeping next to this lovely girl made me feel a little silly not gonna lie but it's still a bit too early to do that stuff with her

...

Later in the middle of the night, I was woken up by someone shaking me. With a similar looking silhouette and the feeling of softness in her voice

Yuka: White, wake up... I want to use the bathroom...

"You want to pee?"

...

Yuka: *Nods* umph...

"Bottle"

Yuka: No way! I can't do that!

"What? Just take off your pants and put the bottle on your-"

Yuka: No- I mean I'm not doing that!

"Hehe"

Yuka: hurry up~ I gotta go~

"Whaaaaaat?"

Yuki: can you... take me to the bathroom...?

"What are you a child? Go there yourself~~"

Yuka: But it's dark~~ just a little bit won't hurt~~

"Not sleeping hurts~~"

Yuka continues to shake me around

Yuka: it's for just a little bit~~ if you don't go It's gonna be worst~~

"I told you to go before~~"

Yuka: but I didn't wanna go back then...

"Aha!"

...

"If you're scared just hold it till the morning"

Yuka: No way! I already have to go badly~!

...

Yuka: help me~! Are you trying to make me pee myself?

...

Fine... I guess. I don't want Yuka to wet herself...

"Aright"

...

Yuka: then get up~!

"Aright, fine~~"

I get up and went to open the door. Because our room is at the end of the hallway I was met with the window at the far end. Outside there was a beautiful night sky, a deep navy blue sky with moonlight gleaming, casting through the window and reflected on the marble floor... why am I babling about this?

"The sky's pretty isn't it?"

Yuka: Umph ...hey! Is it really the time to admire the sceneries?

Yuka tug my arm a little

Yuka: If you weren't so sluggish I would have been done by now!

"Aright, then I'll go back to sleep"

Yuka: Nooo! ...I'm just kidding, geez~

...

"How bad is it?"

Yuki: well...I've been holding for a while now, I was gonna wait till the morning but it's getting too much to handle

"How long do you think you can last?"

Yuka: I won't know even if you ask like that

"guess"

Yuka: about 10 minutes I think? I'm already near my limit

"Then you must tave been holding for a long time huh..."

Yuka: ...because it's embarrassing, saying that to you and then ask for your help...

"It's kinda cute actually"

Yuka: dummy ...what are you saying in the time like this ////

...

We kept walking and chatting, not paying attention to how far we’d gone.

Good thing the hallway was clear, if there's anything in the way, we’d have tripped long ago.

…Now that I think about it, it’s kinda dim, but we can still see the path.

Is the moonlight really that bright?

...

Yuka: Uuuu... I want to pee

"Can I touch it?"

Yuka: Eh? ...No way, you pervert!

"Your tummy?"

Yuka: tummy? ...I thought-

"Hah, You're the pervert"

Yuka: it's because you always say things like this~!

"Can I though?"

Yuka: Why~~

"I wanna see how much you've been holding"

Yuka: See? You're the pervert! I'm not letting you touch my tummy!

"Just a little~~"

Yuka: No way! If you push on it I'm gonna pee myself~!

"I'll be gentle~"

Yuka: I'm not believing that!

"Aww man..."

...

It's been a while now but we haven't reached the end of the hallway... I started to feel like something wasn't right, but I kept walking hoping it was just my imagination

...

Yuka didn't say anything but her breath start to become panting and she was starting to lag behind

'This is getting strange' we probably think the same thing but none of us dare to say it out loud

...

Yuka: *whisper*(If we don't reach the bathroom soon I'm not gonna be able to hold it in any longer...)

"(Yeah, nokidding. You're dancing at this point)"

...

No one said anything but I'm certain

...We have walked way farther than the actual length of the building

...

I'm starting to get goosebumps, This whole thing is freaking me out. But if we ran now it'd feel way too much like a horror movie trope

...

Yuka: *whisper*(let's go back, I don't wanna go anymore...)

"(Your legs are shaking though, Are you sure?)"

Yuka: *whisper*(it's just cause I'm scared)

"Wait, no-"

Things not to do in horror movie 101: turning back

The window at the far end was gone. There's only the hallway stretching endlessly into the dark

...

I decided to head back, hoping we'd be able to find our room somehow. I started running my hand on the wall trying to feel the number on the door but they were only smooth plastic sign on the door.

I quicken my pace as I'm getting more and more scared and I'm also worry that Yuka is going to pee herself. I was losing it

...

...

I felt somting behind me, it was a warm breath as if someone breathed down my neck

"SHIT!"

Yuka: What? What!? WHAT!?

I bolted

'Nope, I'm outta here'

Yuka: slow down- Ahh! It's gonna come out!

She can't keep up but I drag her along anyway

Yuka: A bottle's a bottle, I don't care anymore~~!!

She screamed and start running with me. I ran until I was completely exhausted, but there isn't any sign of ending. So I ditch the hallway idea and went for the door.

All of them, any of them, one of these gotta be unlocked. I don't care if we ran into someone's room even if it one of the professors room. Just let me out of this hallway!

Locked. Locked. Locked. Are you freaking kidding me!?

I chanted a prayer in my head three timesthen threw open a door.

BAM!!

"UGH!"

Yuka: “Ahhh!”

I dove into the room and yanked Yuka in with me, kicking the door shut behind us without a care if I broke the hinges.

She squeak as she fell from me dragging her in.

I stood up to apologize

But when I looked around...

I was back in my room.

…How?

I entered from the left side of the hallway. My room’s on the right.

...

Whatever. Screw it. I’m safe.

I jumped onto my bed, yanked the blanket over myself, and officially declared: It's Yuka’s problem now.

Yuka's pov:

Yuka get up from the ground, hands on her crotch. Her panties got a bit wet because she really can't hold it with her full bladder shaking so much during the escape. She hurriedly go through her backpack, hoping to find something to hold all this urine other than her poor bladder

She searched and searched but curse on her tidiness she didn't kept any basic bag or a single bottle from the convenient store. her bladder is reaching its limit... the only thing she can do is accept her cruel fate. She is going to pee herself, the only control she have left is where her pee is going. She looked at the corner of the room...

"He'll think I'm a weirdo!"

She said to herself. Another spurt came out, dampening her panties and pajama pants. The pressure inside force her to make a decision. Yuka climbed onto her bed.

"I'll just wet the bed and pretend it's an accident"

Not for long she started to leak, her bladder can't contain the absurd volume of her urine anymore. She's embarrassed but she truly at her limit. The dark spot on her pants grew bigger and bigger each time it came out but her bladder still bulges tenderly. After a while a small stream start coming out, Her bladder betrayed her and start to squeeze her pee out. She held it in with tears in her eye but she's unable to stop her body. The bulge on her lower abdomen slowly shinks with each second until the very last drop made its way out. With tears welling in her eyes yuka let out a big sigh and fell asleep from the relief.

Back to White's pov:

The next morning I thought it was just a weird dream but when I told her the story, expecting her to laugh about my absurd imagination but she only looked away. Because her pee drenched bed and pajama said otherwise. She doesn't have anything to wear underneath to shower this morning so I gave her one of my trousers

Only on the way back did she told me it was not just a vivid dream...

END

...I swear it felt more coherent in my head

*001*2025-06-01 13:27

My original version in Thai in case somebody want to translate it themselves

Spoiler

เริ่ม

ณ โรงแรมแห่งหนึ่งชายทะเล

"จะนอนยัง?"

ยูกะ:ไม่เล่นเกมหรอ?

"แบตหมด"

ยูกะ: ไม่ค่อยแปลกใจแฮะ ห่ะหะ

"ไมอะ"

ยูกะ: ก็เธอเล่นซะขนาดนั้น

ผมเดินไปที่สวิตช์ไฟ

"ไปห้องน้ำมายัง? ตอนดึกเดี๋ยวปวดฉี่นะ"

ยูกะ: อ้า เค้าไปมาแล้ว

"ปิดไฟนะ"

ยูกะ: อื้ม เอาเลย

ย้อนความไปก่อนหน้านี้ ผมกับยูกะเป็นเพื่อนที่สนิทกันมาก ทุกคนแม้กระทั่งครูในโรงเรียนก็อวย ไม่นานมานี้พวกผมได้คบกันเพราะเพื่อน. ตอนนี้พวกผมกำลังทัศนศึกษาที่ทะเล ห้องในโรงแรมอยู่ได้ห้องละ2คนแล้วพอดีมีเศษชายหญิงเหลืออย่างละคน ครูจึงจัดผมกับเธอไว้ด้วยกัน

ผ่านไปตอนกลางดึกผมโดนปลุกโดยการเขย่าของใครบางคน

ยูกะ: ไวท์... เค้าอยากเข้าห้องน้ำ...

"ปวดฉี่อ่อ"

...

ยูกะ: *พยักหน้า*

"ขวด"

ยูกะ: บ้า! เค้าทำไม่ได้ป้าว!

"แกก็แค่ถอดกางเกง, เอาปากขวดไปไว้ตรง-"

ยูกะ: ไม่ทำว้อย!

"ฮะฮ่ะ"

ยูกะ: ...เร็วๆ เค้าอยากเข้าห้องน้ำ~

"ทามมายยยย"

ยูกะ: ...พาไปหน่อย

"เป็นเด็กรึไงไปเองงงงง"

ยูกะ: ก็มันมืดดดด ไปด้วยกันหน่อยจะเป็นอะไร~~

"เป็นไม่ได้นอนไง~"

ยูกะ: แปปเดียวเอง~ ถ้าเธอไม่ไปจะแย่กว่าเดิมอีก~!

"บอกแล้วให้ไปห้องน้ำก่อนนอน~"

ยูกะ: ก็มันยังไม้ปวดอ้าาาา~

"นั่นไง"

...

"ไม่กล้าไปก็อั้นไปจนเช้าเลย"

ยูกะ: ไม่ไหวหรอก ตอนนี้ก็ปวดจะแย่อยู่แล้วเนี่ย~!

...

ยูกะ: ไปหน่อย~ จะแกล้งให้เค้าฉี่ราดอ่อ?

...

ไปก็ไปวะ

"...ก็ได้ๆ"

...

ยูกะ: ลุกซักทีซี่~~

"เออ มาๆ"

ผมลุกไปเปิดประตูออกนอกห้อง, เพราะห้องพวกผมอยู่สุดทางเดินจึงเปิดไปเจอหน้าต่างที่ปลายทางเดิน ด้านนอกเป็นท้องฟ้ายามค่ำคืนที่สวยงาม... ท้องฟ้าเป็นสีน้ำเงินมีแสงจันทร์ส่องมาเป็นเส้นกระทบกับพื้นทองเดินหินอ่อน... กูพรรณนาทำไมวะ

"ท้องฟ้าสวยดีเนอะ"

ยูกะ: อื้ม, เอ๊ะนี่ใช่เวลามั้ย!!!!

ยูกะกระตุกแขนผม

ยูกะ: ถ้าเธอลุกแต่แรกป่านนี้เค้าได้เค้าห้องน้ำนานแล่ว!

"เรากลับนะ"

ยูกะ: ไม่เอา! ...เค้าล้อเล่นหรอกโถ่~

...

"แกปวดฉี่มากแค่ไหนอะ"

ยูกะ: ก็... อั้นมาซักพักแล้ว นึกว่าจะทนรอตอนเช้าอยู่หรอกแต่มันดูแล้วไม่ไหวจริงๆ

"อั้นไหวกี่นาทีคิดว่า?"

ยูกะ: ถามงี้เค้าไม่รู้หรอก...

"เดาเอาๆ"

ยูกะ: เค้าว่า 10 นาทีก็น่าจะสุดๆแล้วแหละมั้ง ตอนนี้ปวดมากเลย...

"กลั้นไว้นานนะเนี่ยถ้างั้น"

ยูกะ: ...ก็มันหน้าอายหนิ พูดไว้ซะแบบนั้นแต่ยังมาให้พาไปห้องน้ำอีก...

"น่ารักออก"

ยูกะ: บ้า ...เขินจะตายพูดอะไรในเวลาแบบนี้...

...

พวกผมเดินไปคุยไปจนเพลินไม่ได้ดูว่าเดินไปแค่ไหนแล้ว, ดีดี้ดีทางเดินไม่มีของอะไรวางไว้ไม่งั้นสะดุดไปนานละ ...จะว่าไปมันมีแสงสลัวๆพอให้เห็นทางอยู่ แต่แสงจันทร์มันแรงขนาดนั้นเลยหรอ?

...

ยูกะ: ปวดฉี่จัง...

"ขอจับได้ป่าว?"

ยูกะ: เอ๋? ...ทะลึ่ง! เค้าไม่ให้จับหรอก!

"ท้องอะนะ?"

ยูกะ: ท้อง? ...นึกว่า-

"แกแหละทะลึ่ง โถ่"

ยูกะ: ก็เธอชอบพูดมาแนวนี้ตลอดเลยอ่าาา

"สรุปจับได้ป่ะ"

ยูกะ: จะจับทำไม~

"อยากรู้ว่าอั้นไว้แค่ไหน"

ยูกะ: เห็นมั้ย~ทะลึ่งจริงๆด้วย! ไม่เอาหรอก...เดี๋ยวเธอกดลงไปมันก็ราดพอดี...

"ไม่กดหรอกน่าา~"

ยูกะ: ไม่เอา, เชื่อไม่ได้หรอก

"อ่าว~"

...

มันก็ผ่านมาซักพักแล้วนะ เมื่อไหร่จะถึงซักที... ผมเริ่มสงสัยแล้วว่ามันมีอะไรไม่ชอบกล แต่ในใจก็หวังจะให้มันเป็นแค่สิ่งที่คิดไปเองผมจึงเดินต่อไป

...

ยูะไม่พูดอะไร แต่เธอเริ่มหายใจเหมือนพึ่งไปวิ่งมา, เธอหายใจหอบ และมือที่จับกันไว้เธอเริ่มเดินตามผมไม่ทัน.

"มันเริ่มจะแปลกๆแล้วนะ" ผมคิดว่าเธอก็คิดแบบเดียวกันแต่ก็ไม่มีใครกล้าทัก

...

ยูกะ: *กระซิบ* (ถ้าเป็นแบบนี้ต่อไปเค้าจะไม่ไหวแล้วนะ)

"(รู้ว่อย บิดซะขนาดนั้น)"

...

ยังไม่มีใครทักเรื่องทางเดิน แต่ผมมั่นใจแล้วว่าตอนนี้... ผมได้เดินมาไกลมากกว่าความยาวของตึกแล้ว

ขนผมเริ่มลุกแล้วแหละเจอแบบนี้ แต่จะให้วิ่งมันก็ดูจะเข้าโทรปหนังผีไปหน่อย...

ยูกะ: *กระซิบ*(กลับเถอะ...เค้าไม่อยากเข้าแล้ว...)

"(แกไหวหรอ? ขาสั่นแล้วนะ)"

ยูกะ: (พ-เพราะกลัวหรอก...)

"เอ้ะเดี๋ยวนะ อย่า-"

สิ่งที่ไม่น่าทำในหนังผี101: หันหลัง...

หน้าต่างบานนั้นหายไปแล้ว...เหลือแต่ทางเดินที่ทอดไปในความมืด... ผมตัดสินใจเดินกลับหวังว่าจะเจอห้อง

ผมเริ่มเอามือลูบกำแพงคลำหาตัวเลขข้างประตูแต่เพราะมันเป็นแค่ป้ายพลาสติกแบนๆจึงไม่ได้ช่วยเท่าไหร่. ผมเริ่มเดินเร็วขึ้นเรื่อยๆเพราะยิงอยู่นานผมยิ่งกลัวยูกะจะฉี่ราด และผมเองก็หลอนจะไม่ไหวแล้ว. แค่ทางเดินนี่มันก็ขนหัวลุกแล้ว

*ฮ่า~~*

ผมรู้สึกอะไรด้านหลัง...มันเป็นลมหายใจอุ่นๆ

"เหี้ย!?"

ยูกะ: อะไร อะไร อะไร!?

ผมวิ่งก่อนเลย, กูไม่อยู่แล้ว~~~~

ยูกะ: ช้าๆ อ้าาา! ช้าหน่อย เค้าจะอั้นไม่ไหวแล้ว!

ยูกะวิ่งไม่ทันอย่างเห็นได้ชัดแต่ผมก็ลากเธอมา.

ยูกะ: ข-ขวดก็ขวดแล้ว!!!

อยู่ๆยูกะก็กรี้ดลั่นแล้ววิ่งมาคู่กับผม, ผมวิ่งจนเหนื่อยแต่ก็ไม่เจอจุดหมาย, ผมจึงเปลี่ยนไปลองเปิดประตูแทน. อย่างน้อยมันต้องลืมลอคซับบานแหละวะ, ห้องครูตอนนี้กูไม่สนแล้ว!!!

ล็อค, ล็อค, ล็อค, เอาจริงดิ!?

ผมท่องนะโมสามจบในใจแล้วเปิดประตูบานหนึ่ง!

*ปั้ง!*

"อ้าก!"

ยูกะ: อ้า!

ผมพุ่งตัวเข้าประตูแล้วฉุดยูกะเข้าห้องก่อนจะถีบประตูปิดแบบไม่สนว่ามันจะพังมั้ย, ยูกะร้องนิดหน่อยตอนผมดึงจนทำเธอล้ม. ผมลุกขึ้นมาดูว่านี่ห้องใคร แต่

ผมกลับเข้ามาอยู่ในห้องตัวเอง...

ได้ไง... ผมเปิดประตูซ้ายเข้ามา ...แต่ห้องผมอยู่ทางขวาของทางเดิน ...ยังไงก็ตาม กูรอดแล้ว!

ผมกระโดดขึ้นเตียนแล้วคลุมโปงทันที, ตอนนี้มันเป็นปัญหาของยูกะแล้ว

ยูกะPOV:

ยูกะที่ปวดฉี่เต็มทนลุกขึ้นมาจากพึ้น, เป้ากางเกงเปียกเล็กน้อยเพราะเธอทนความปวดที่เกิดขึ้นจากการเขย่ากระเพาะปัสสาวะตอนวิ่งไม่ไหวจริงๆ. เธอรีบเดินไปที่กระเป๋า หาขวด ถุง หรือภาชนะใดก็ตามมารองรับน้ำปัสสาวะของเธอแทนกระเพาะฉี่เธอที.

ยูกะค้นแล้วค้นอีกแต่เธอก็ไม่เจอะไร เธอทิ้งถุงและขวดที่มาจากร้านสะดวกซื้อไปหมดแล้ว ผ่านไปซักพัก กระเพาะปัสสาวะเธอจะรับไม่ไหวแล้ว... สึงที่ทำได้อย่างเดียวคือทำใจ เธอคงต้องฉี่ราดแล้ว,พูดไปฉี่เธอก็เล็ดออกมาอย่างเลี่ยงไม่ได้. เธอทำได้แค่เลือกที่ที่จะปล่อยมันออกมา. ยูกะมองไปที่มุมห้อง... ไม่ได้ๆ จะให้ไปนั่งยองๆปล่อยฉี่ที่มุมห้องมันก็หน้าไม่อายไปหน่อย... คิดไปคิดมาเธอยอมฉี่รดที่นอนก็ได้! ยูกะกระโดดขึ้นเตียงนอนเอาผ้าห่มคลุม.

ไม่นานฉี่ก็เริ่มเล็ดออกมาเพราะกระเพาะปัสสาวะเธอเก็บของเสียที่ล้นปริมาตรของมันไว้ไม่ไหว, อายก็อายแต่เธอทนไม่ไหวแล้วจริงๆ. รอยเปียกบนกางเกงนอนเธอยิ่งขยายขึ้นเรื่อยๆแต่กระเพาะฉี่เธอก็ยังบวมแข็งอยู่ดี... ผ่านไปซักพักร่างกายยูกะก็ถึงขีดจำกัด กระเพาะปัสสาวะเธอเริ่ทบีบตัวไล่ฉี่ที่ล้นออกไป ยูกะที่กลั้นฉี่ไว้จนน้ำตาเล็ดถอนหายใจจากการได้ปลดปล่อย ท้องน้อยเธอเกรงจนกระทั่งเธอฉี่ออกมาจนหมด. สุดท้ายยูกะก็หลับไปทั้งอย่างงั้น

ไวท์POV:

เช้ามาก็เป็นไปตามที่คิด... ที่สำคัญคือตอนผมเล่าเรื่องนี้ให้ยูกะฟัง หวังว่าเธอจะหัวเราะว่าผมฝันเป็นตุเป็นตะแต่เธอกับหันหน้าหนี เพราะชุดนอนเธอเปี่ยกฉี่ไปหมด เธอเลยไม่มีอะไรใส่ผมจึงให้เธอยืมกางเกงขาสั้นใส่ไปอาบน้ำรอบเช้าก่อนออกจากโรงแรม

...ตอนขึ้นรถทัวร์กลับเท่านั้นแหละที่ผมรู้ว่ามันไม่ใช่แค่ความฝัน...

