The Miqo'te Way (FFXIV - Y'shtola)

Author: Guest euries

*000*2021-10-09 15:08

The Miqo'te Way

An FFXIV fanfiction, starring Y'shtola.

It is a late afternoon for the Twelveswood, one which slowly bleeds its fading light away to shine elsewhere upon the realm of Hydaelyn, and were it the South Shroud that welcomes dusk unto its tall tree cover and mired, uprooted land of sparse grass and shallow ponds, it would be the time Buscarron’s Druthers turns over its leaf from light snacks and watered ales to serving the full meals it is known for and far thicker pints.

It is also that same time that Y’shtola Rhul, more so a bookworm than a inn-crawler per her years in Sharlayan, takes little liking to, unkeen on the sort it invites into its doors to lambast or cheer with their food and drink, the sort whom aren’t so warm to a woman such as her who sits there only in the company of a heavy book and a tall glass of herbal tea.

And, quite clearly to some of them, wears too many clothes.

So, by the time sunlight no longer spills through the highest of the tavern’s windows and the doors begin to swing open with more joiners to the fray than that of leavers, Y’shtola finishes her tea with a final gulp, and seals her book shut with a tight tie of the bow that wraps around its cover from its spine to its edges.

The air outside is a far call from the heavy musk of ale and polished wood of the tavern - a fair tone sweeter and a great deal easier on the senses. It is now darker than she had expected, however, Y’shtola supposing that her attachment to her book had betrayed her, leaving her now to wander her way to Quarrymill, the nearest settlement, under growing dark and a gnawing soreness to her eyes, which have known pen and paper for a while too long.

And beyond her irritations, she makes her way out of the tavern’s grounds having eaten naught since breakfast to settle on her stomach but a full pint of that herbal tea, of which she knows will go through her a slight quicker than anything of the standard sort.

A side effect of the sweetly tasting flower that was mixed into it during brewing, she presumed.

Though, as usual with this hour, the lavatories at Buscarron’s were all occupied and beyond worth waiting for by judgment of the lengthy queue she had spied to the women’s, and so she had figured instead that the short walk to the settlement down the path would be of both lesser time and easier burden, and had departed before relieving herself of the admittedly tangible weight to her bladder.

A risk, certainly, but one she thought worthwhile taking.

One she had thought worthwhile taking, she may be reluctant to confess, before realising that it was now past six hours from midday and late enough for the sun to have retreated completely from the sky. Being stubborn, though, and quite confident in her risk worth taking, Y’shtola hadn’t returned back inside to wait in the queue instead, because she would rather avoid the embarrassment of people knowing she had walked back in just by pure fear of regretting not going to the bathroom there rather than wherever else she ended up pissing herself.

And Y’shtola was stubborn.

So, though the upper paths weren’t so kind at the dawn of the evening, with the antelopes and their does changed instead for floral fiends and the odd, rogue sprite that happened to torment them, and although as she had made her way unto the main path to Quarrymill she had figured it was both a short and a peaceful walk that she would need if she had any hope of making it there in the calm, orderly fashion she so demanded of herself, she continued stoutly onwards nonetheless, and resolved that her stars would be kind to her and save her the embarrassment of having to dart into a lavatory like a lost cat.

Or one that was bursting for a pee.

Not that she was bursting for a pee, of course, otherwise she would have stayed at Buscarron’s, and likely skipped the queue. She simply needed the bathroom, at whatever next convenience. There was little urgency to it.

Although, if she were to ponder the alternative, which she did, the forest itself wasn’t exactly the most insulting place for her to consider a bathroom either, because for all the years she had spent in civilisation with wood or porcelain that flushed, she had spent equivalent years as a younger girl with her family and tribe amidst woodland canopies and backwaters where the only option for relief was a rock-shaded recluse or a sufficiently large bush.

And her mother had assured her when she was young and blabbery in her childish curiosity that no thoughtful man outside of their kind harboured such intent as to monopolise the forest and build the Miqo'te a network of toilets. So, there was only one thing for it, and whenever Y’shtola had to go, she had learned to go alongside whatever rodent or marsupial had chosen to leave its den to watch her - or run away from her.

An act she had now done countless times, of course, enough for her routine to be assuredly ingrained into her mind; pulling her pantalettes down preemptively beneath her trousers and unfastening whatever belt she had on, so that when she did find some acceptable place to squat, or stand if it was raining and the ground was watered enough to splash her release back at her as her mother had warned her, it served as only a small matter of pulling her baggened trousers down and she was ready to relieve herself.

And relieve herself quick, as quick as she could, really, because it had so happened one day when she was taking her merry time and admiring the flora about her that a few youths, not so older than herself, had wandered closely past and kindly noted, once Y’shtola had made her way from the bush with her trousers half up and quite off-guard, just how loud she was when she went - she was a ‘heavy pisser’, so to speak as Miqo'te tongue so eloquently does, and from then on, no matter how obsessively she had tried to keep herself quiet and incognito by the pure rapture of embarrassment, she had never failed to piss with noise sufficient to startle whatever small critter or rodent happened to be hiding nearby and the sound of her relief always seemed ten times louder than ever before.

Certainly not such a happy memory in her midyears of adolescence.

So Y’shtola had thrown caution to the wind, and decided whenever she went she would go quick and as loud as that demanded, because time not spent pissing was time not being caught and then being mocked for which she could not control.

Not that Y’shtola ever had the nerve to ask or observe if such a quality was genetic.

But, traumas aside and away, she was nonetheless quite accustomed to the need of going at it natural, so somewhere in the back of her stubborn mind, mayhaps in a part of her not so stubborn to drastic measures, she knew she at least wouldn’t be arriving to Quarrymill with her blue tights an incriminating shade navy.

Which was a comforting thought.

Though, beyond comforting thoughts and the myriad of memories of her childhood, it wasn’t so much the state of her arrival to Quarrymill that was in question, it was now instead the when of her arrival to Quarrymill, because returned to reality and stopped halfway down the valley passage, Y’shtola spies a treant - a creaking, gauntish form of a possessed seedkin that could kill - not so far down the path. It is, contrary to the hope Y’shtola had placed in her stars, blocking the passage in its full, mayhaps even stuck as its arms - branches - bend against the rock-and-soil walls of the small valley.

Y’shtola knows she hasn’t the deftness of feet right now to make her way past it, and she thinks nor does she have the composition to consider dispatching the thing, because the pressure in her belly is now seemingly something she’s unable to ignore, like she had sat in the tavern, and the nerves of her crotch and that where her legs join are beginning to tighten to a worrying sense now that she’s no longer absorbed in her own thoughts.

And with her mind focused on aetherweaving and the expulsion of such fiercities as fire and ice, she couldn’t assure that she would have the room of thought to keep her knickers dry of any wayward accidents that would threaten to spill from her.

Y’shtola would still find a way, though; it was within her blood, to a sense, and the Twelveswood was no foreign thing to such an astute woman as herself.

Yet the small hills beside her, now her only way to Quarrymill that isn’t turning around and taking a longer route, were steep, their faces jutted with loosened, garish stones and mud that was rather a silt, wimpish and eager to slip from its place at a footfall’s notice - and if Y’shtola were to trip, slip, or even tumble her way back down the hill amidst what would already be agonisingly careful footsteps, she would most assuredly land back at the base of the valley path with a tepid soak to her kecks and an immediate problem of further wanton release from her expectant bladder.

Now was not the time to go. Not in this mired valley, and to that extent, nowhere beneath this vast canopy of the trees. Y’shtola would make her way to Quarrymill, because she hadn’t gone to the loo in Buscarron’s and if she failed her way to Quarrymill she wouldn’t live down the flaw of her confidence for the following days of the week.

The treant beyond creaks, turning around to stare longingly into the opposite wall of the valley path it is now assuredly trapped in, and Y’shtola decides then that she would make a more hasteful work of the hill beside her by taking to its even steeper overhang instead, and then traverse the grassy plains of the ground above, taking a tight path to the border of the drop as to avoid the vilekin and overgrown rodents that litter the landscape, and venture her way safely unto the gates of her destination.

So, with her book strapped tightly to her belt, hands as ready as they’ll ever be and legs discreetly together just in case, Y’shtola takes a braced breath and leaps for the grass atop the valley. Her fingers quickly dig in deftly, fastening into the soil as her feet reach hastefully for the wall of the hill, and once she’s stable for only a moment, the tightness downstairs pulsing implicitly, she pulls herself up in one, full heave, and brings herself over the tilting point of her mass and safely unto the grass above.

And just as her bosom lands sorely to the ground, so too does her belly, and the flat pressure that the floor beneath her so kindly blows into her is most unwelcome. A searing pain rips from in between her legs in turn, so antagonistic that it is enough to tear the breath from her lungs and, for a glance, bring her throat to tighten with a heat of horror as Y’shtola lies static in fear, quite certain that she’s just wholly let go of that which is very much not urgent, and that the next thing she’s about to feel is a gushed warmth of shame fill her knickers and trickle throughout the insides of her legs.

Not that she would know what that felt like, of course. Just an educated guess.

It doesn’t come, though, her underwear remaining quite dry as she dodges the misery of wetting herself by some grace of the elementals that inhabit this cursed forest. Y’shtola chooses not to lie in wait much longer then, appreciating she may be closer to going than once thought, and gently, or as quickly as gently would allow, picking herself up from the floor with a light, nervous laugh and a swallow and stepping forward with her thighs clasped together a slight tighter than before, cool breath refilling her lungs as the embarrassment that threatens to rise to her face settles and retreats back to her bosom.

She would make it, and she would not be relieving herself in a forest.

“You will make it, Y’shtola.” Her lips are dry as she speaks, whispers, and it doesn’t help that even the idea of wetting them with her tongue is now too much a distraction from the three of treading carefully, reassuring herself, and keeping her legs close to one another. “You’ll make it.” Such a crisis wasn’t something for a woman of her disposition, anyway, as her mother would put it.

But a woman of her disposition knows not to take chances, either, and as she trots delicately through the crinkling grass beneath, Y’shtola plays to her worried senses, and slowly slides a hand to sit between her legs at the face of her crotch as she walks with a nervous smile.

But nervous smiles and half-clenched hands at the front of blue tights are ill defense against what Y’shtola knows to be one of nature’s most incessant callings, and as tens and tens of steps turn instead to her counting each one in prayer as her hands permeate slowly with sweat and the muscles to her lowers and her legs grow tense and awkward in their movement, the groaning pain in her belly that sits uncomfortably atop the floor of her pelvis only needs the seconds between her footfalls to grow and grow into something worryingly dire.

Then she stops altogether, with panic setting in as her thoughts scatter to what exactly is going to become of her reluctance to stay at Buscarron’s and whether the distance to Quarrymill, which now lies in lucrative sight, is a stretch too much. The pain doubles over as she thinks, breaths hurried, and that brings her legs to squeeze together in an involuntary cramp as her thoughts now turn to the apprehension that it had been as far as this morning since her last bathroom trip and that she may very well be on the brink of going right where she stands.

But Quarrymill stands right there, steadfast and well-lit and echoing minutely with the bustle and cheer of her inhabitants, and Y’shtola is so very close and if she surrenders now to her desperation then that would mean a self-inflicted defeat.

A clean lavatory, one that’s warm and dry and doesn’t reek of petrichor and stagnant water, is just within her sight.

And yet by the heralding minutiae that quiver throughout the floor of her crotch and down the insides of her legs, the harbingers of a coming that she realises now she hasn’t the muster to abate until she reaches her destination, never mind one of the lavatories within, Y’shtola has little choice but to accept that the few hundred yards that lie in front of her are too great for even her resolve, and she simply isn’t going to make it that far.

And a woman of her disposition, as stubborn as she is, is moreso keen on saving herself embarrassment whence she can.

The warmth of quarrymill blurs from her vision as he hurries for the nearest tree instead of leaving herself to gaze longingly at the settlement, doing little to observe the ground about its roots and now realising how much her resistance hurts and just how damn close she is to pissing straight through her knickers and her tights and ruining everything she wears below her waist merely because she hadn’t the patience to queue up in the tavern.

She curses her stubbornness.

Her back crashes against the trunk of it painfully, tail standing to and kept straight so she can avoid soaking it in a nearing moment, as she had learnt from mistakes long ago, and her hands aren’t shy in clambering for the waist of both her tights and white pantalettes within. Her thumbs dig in quickly, but her kecks are tight, and as she goes to yank them down in a fell swoop, they only budge an inch from her hips, and it’s then that she truly begins to panic as she remembers just how irritating it can be to get them off when she isn’t bursting for a pee and quite comfortably in a loo.

Too stubborn to buy a new pair that fit, she supposes.

The thin fabric of her tights continues to struggle down her legs, for as much as she wants them to her knees and far in the clear, she’s also finding it of equal impetus to keep her thighs sealed with one wrapped over the other as to hold the meet of her legs shy from even the open air and her dispense at bay, leaving her to dance between opening them a slight and pulling the twofold grip she has on her tights and her knickers downwards and then cramming them back together as to halt the singe of urgency that her bladder gives her each time the pressure sedating it falls too gentle.

And, somewhere in between it all, remembering to breathe.

But her tights aren’t as obstinate as she is, and with enough struggled dances and strangled breaths Y’shtola finally has them down to just shy of her knees, she thinks close enough, just as her bladder really begins to screech with urgency as the heat and pressure builds and she finds that she’s about to go right now whether or not she’s angled to piss right into the cup of her bagged knickers or into the sparsely flowered ground beneath her. So, with a final breath and a staggered jerk of her hips, she throws herself up against the tree, prays that the judgment of her eye is good enough, grabs the back of her tights with a hand, and ends the childish fight she’s been having with her bladder and loosens her muscles’ grip on it completely.

And when she finally lets go it is the loudest she is sure it has ever been, because the first of her release is more a torrent than it is a stream and it hisses from it like it hates her, pounding into the clearing of soil beneath and soaking it before the dirt can know the next second. She almost moans in the wake of it, the rush of bliss that grips her nethers nearly enough to dissipate any angst she holds for failing to make it to Quarrymill in time, and the tumbling of mirthed breaths that rattle from her lungs are indication enough that Y’shtola had needed to go far more than she had been willing to accept.

And the enveloping, loud bustle of the Twelveswood’s flora and fauna is a certain blessing for a heavy pisser such as herself.

Her thumb tightens at her tights as she gushes away at the ground, standing up slightly against the tree and tugging her kecks outwards to avoid soaking her own clothes. She clenches the floor of her pelvis harder once more, and relishes in yet another flush of pleasured relief through her loins as a second fierce burst of release tears from her.

It’s not long until she’s taken to a familiar rhythm, taking a breath once her muscles have clenched and squeezed as far as they can manage and letting them coil back loose, and then firming her belly once more and instigating a new forceful rush of piss as she expends her bladder as quickly, and thereby as loudly, as she can manage.

And she is close to losing the sense of her surroundings as she revels in it.

“So, a patrol to Buscarron’s, is it?”

The calling voice that echoes through the treeline takes to Y’shtola’s heart before it does her mind, expelling her from her stupor as her chest flushes with sudden panic and her breath is ripped from her lungs with relieving herself now quite decidedly the last thing she wants to do. She throws a preemptively cupped hand down and in between her legs in a jolt of instinct, clenching every spent muscle she can to clench to the pause of her flow she had lay upon before she started her wash anew as footsteps now begin to sound closer and closer, sealing it against her lowers with a haughty breath as she pushes her back even tighter up against the tree.

“Aye, that’s the right of it.” The second voice growls a laugh. “It could do with a scouting at this time of night. I’m sure the captain’d understand.”

The first man laughs alongside, and Y’shtola curses her stars as she struggles to hold off her previously eager release. Wood-wailers were the last thing she needed, though she would have to be grateful that these two were more set on drinking their nights away than properly patrolling the forest by the sounds of it.

Or perhaps that treant would accost them and serve Y’shtola a chance to escape.

The footsteps start to grow fuller, even the leaves they crunch through close enough for Y’shtola to hear them with unnerving fidelity, and just when the voices are close enough for Y’shtola to make out even the idiosyncrasies of their accents upon their tongues and the rhythm of their breaths, now passing the very tree she rests against at only stone’s throw of a distance, the panic amidst her mind overthrows her thoughts for just a moment, bringing her legs to quiver loose as her stomach drops to a pained cramp at the pit of her groin, and then her hand is thoroughly filled with a hot wash of her release as a hissed spurt escapes her and all she can do is beg amidst her curses and horrored, reddened cheeks that it isn’t loud enough to be heard.

It rinses along the border of her hand, overflowing to the floor beneath, if it chooses first to not trickle through the permeable gaps between her fingers. The heat of it is sickly, but between keeping herself steady against the tree and fretting at each second over her new visitors, she doesn’t dare tip it to the floor lest she startle the fragile calm she has herself propped in as the lancers march slowly along.

“You hear about Beautroix?” Their voices remain nonchalant, thankfully unknowing as Y’shtola seals her lips and clenches her eyes as more drips from her hand and the pain and pressure in her groin intensifies. “Swiped by a kedtrap. Poor bastard’s with the chirurgeons.”

The other lancer tuts, pitifully, though Y’shtola can’t help but admit she couldn’t give lesser about their friend’s run in with a walking plant, and wishes these two would start running like they’d been attacked as well. “Poisoned?”

“Aye. Badly, ‘far as I hear.” The voice trails further into the distance now, but Y’shtola is far from calm as her legs start to quiver and another spurt from within her tries its luck, with the implicit force of it, though she manages to keep it at bay, enough to make her knees buckle as she grinds up against the tree in a hurry to fight off the pained rush of heat that grips her lowers with her body kicking and screaming as to why she had stopped halfway through. “Pity, really. Kids at Bentbranch loved him.”

The footsteps fade slowly, the other muttering something that not even Y’shtola has the range to make out under the sound of her own pulse, nor over the second hiss that sounds from between her legs, and concentrating over the new flood of warmth that gushes into her already half-filled hand is nigh impossible as it tips easily over the edge and pours loudly into the already sodden soil beneath her. The lancers, are, however and thankfully, too far gone to hear any of her miseries, and with her legs so spent that she could collapse and her heart clenched to her ribs as if it’s set to burst, she capitulates that she too is set to burst and rips her hand away from herself, irritatedly throwing the leftover pool of her release to the ground, and grips the tree behind her as she appeases her floodgates and lets loose back unto the ground beneath.

Her stream rips from her again, fierce and spiteful as it rattles against the dried puddle she’s formed, her nethers pulsating with now smaller washes of singed relief as the pressure to her belly sinks and sinks away. She takes half-joy in it, now having to wholly aim away from her tights in her stance and hurrying to urge it from herself as strongly as she can, synchronising her breaths with the pauses she takes between the heavy jets that tear from her.

And though there is half-joy in it, there is also half-spite, and by the time she’s through the more so unintentional squirts and weak streams that sound the coming of the end, her bladder has little left to give her but an aching wash of bliss that engulfs her lowers, she can’t help but pant relievedly that her ordeal has finally passed with naught but a wide puddle and a weak trickle to show for it.

Y’shtola swallows, the warm pooling of saliva in her mouth doing little to soothe the burning in her throat, and takes no time in grabbing her knickers and tights with her dry hand and yanking them back up to sit orderly about her hips as they should, dismissing any notion in the back of her mind that she should wipe herself dry with a leaf before doing so.

Stubborn, again, because the sensation of the final few dribbles of her bladder’s expenditure soaking into her knickers and bringing patches to hug damply against her labia is hardly pleasant, and when she stands up without the tree’s support, with her tights finally fastened to her hips, a small, reluctant squirt of piss leaks out of her and seeps happily along to soak the front of her pantalettes and mix into the short beginnings of her pubic hair.

Y’shtola curses her stars, but hasn’t the bother to adjust her knickers through her tights because she suspects, somehow, that will simply make things worse.

She keeps to her makedo sanctuary for no little longer, bearing back down upon the gates of Quarrymill in the close distance instead and happy to leave the puddled mess she’s made behind. Mayhaps her stubbornness had gotten the better of her, and mayhaps queueing in Buscarron’s would’ve saved her the trial of testing the old philosophy of a Miqo’te pissing in the woods and whether anyone would be there to hear them, but the forest isn’t the most insulting of places for Y’shtola to call a bathroom, after all, and she’s solely thankful she hadn’t sealed herself a fate of wetting herself in front of that patrol like she undoubtedly would have given the grace of the Twelve’s timing.

And, at the very least, she won’t be running her way into Quarrymill like a lost cat.

Or one that was bursting for a pee.

