Amity Blight's trip to the human realm - Page 3

Author: Golden Guard

*051*2022-01-09 21:38

{{On 12/29/2021 at 11:51 AM, Golden Guard said:

Chapter 6:

Luz leaned into Amity's face and gave her a peck on the lips. It all happened so fast. "Did you just kiss me?" Amity asked, all dazed.

Luz was speechless. Why did I do that? Luz thought. Her face turned into a tomato Why did I do THAT?! She really wanted to run as far away as possible right now WHY DID I DO THAT?!?!? But instead, she slowly nodded. Amity grabbed Luz by the collar, and pulled her in for another kiss. This time, she made sure to enjoy the feeling of Luz's lips for a few seconds before pulling away slowly. "Wow." Luz said softly.

"Can we do that again? You have no idea how long I've waited to kiss you on the lips Noceda." Amity responded with a smirk.

Luz smiled and leaned in again and they kissed a third time. Amity enjoyed the soft, tender feeling of Luz's lips on her's and wished that this moment would never end. But eventually, they both had to breathe so they pulled back.

The sun was setting and Amity shivered. Then Luz wrapped her cat hoodie around Amity.

"Here, it'll help you keep warm." Luz said.

Amity blushed. "Thanks Luz." Amity replied. Amity loved it whenever Luz gave her hoodie to her. It always made her feel closer to Luz. She smelled Luz's scent on the hoodie and leaned her head on Luz. This was the happiest that Amity has been since they became girlfriends.

"Luz, I love this vacation. But I'm curious, what's your idea of a perfect vacation?" Amity asked.

Luz thought for a moment, then responded, "I've always wanted to cosplay as Azura and attend conventions around the world! Oh, and you can dress up as Hecate, then we'd travel to major cities around the world, going to their conventions, meeting other Good Witch Azura fans, trying out the local cuisine and visiting tourist sites!"

Amity blushed at the thought of dressing up and travelling with Luz. This vacation was already better than what she'd imagine a perfect vacation was. But she liked the sound of Luz's ideal vacation even more.

Then, Amity had an idea to make this date even more interesting. "Oh Luz," Amity called. She proceeded to cross her legs and place a hand on her crotch. "I really have to pee right now." Amity said while moving her legs left to right slightly.

Luz caught on to what Amity was offering her and blushed. "Oh. Well, there's no bathroom around for miles, I guess you'll have to hold it." Luz said.

"Ooooh, but I'll pee my pants, could you please find a bathroom? For meeee?" Amity begged.

A grin formed on Luz's face. Suddenly, Luz's phone rang. It was her mom. Luz quickly picked up and said, "Hello mama?"

"Luz, it's 19:10. ¿dónde estás?" Camila replied.

"Oh no, I'm so sorry, I lost track of time mom. We'll be right on our way back!" Luz responded.

Luz and Amity blushed at what just happened. "We can continue this later." Amity said with a wink.

"Sounds good to me Blight." Luz responded with a smirk. "Do you actually have to pee though? We can find a bathroom before heading back."

"Nah, I was just pretending, I do have a small urge, but I can hold it." Amity said.

"Are you sure Amity?" Luz asked.

"Yes, I'm sure." Amity replied with another wink.

On their way back to their room, the girls felt their bladders filling up with the iced tea they drank earlier. Amity drank her iced tea pretty fast which is why her bladder initially filled up faster than Luz's. When they were about 2 min away from the hotel, Luz said, "I'm starting to feel the need to pee too Amity." Now that more time has passed, both their bladders contained about the same amount of urine.

"Let's make things more interesting Luz." Amity said.

"How so?" Luz asked.

"Well, we last emptied our bladders around the same time, and since then, we drank the same amount of iced tea. Our bladders should be holding approximately the same volume of pee now." Amity replied

"Where are you going with this Ami?" Luz asked with a grin.

"Well, why don't we have a contest to see who can go the longest without leaking?" Amity responded.

"Ooh, I like this idea, could we also add a punishment for the loser?" Luz suggested.

"What were you thinking?" Amity queried.

"Winner gets to pee in the toilet after the loser leaks some pee into their panties. And the loser has to hold it for an additional 10 minutes while the winner dishes out any tasks of their choice, with the goal of teasing the other's desperation." Luz stated.

Amity never thought that Luz had this utterly dark side to her. But it was very intriguing and she liked it. In fact, this was exciting for both Amity and Luz, they never had anyone to help them explore this aspect of their lives. Amity thought for a moment. What if Luz's mom catches us doing this? That'd be very awkward. But Luz is accepting my offer challenge, and even adding on to it! So maybe it's ok?

"Alright, deal." Amity accepted.

"Ok cool, to keep things fair, we should drink our glasses of water at the same time when we're at the restaurant. Which means, if one person drinks, the other has to drink the same amount too." Luz stated. Amity nodded.

They proceeded to enter their hotel room.

"There you are girls!" Camila exclaimed. "Let's get to the car, quickly! I made reservations at a local Italian restaurant."

They quickly made their way to the car and got in. Once they were inside, Luz crossed her legs, but Amity made a show of not crossing her legs. Instead, she crossed her arms and smiled at Luz as if to say "Ha, I don't need to go as badly as you do". Luz smiled back at Amity and uncrossed her legs. Two could play at that game.

At the restaurant, the three of them sat down at their table, Luz and Amity on one side, and Camila on the other. Halfway through ordering their meals, Amity subconsciously crossed her legs. Luz noticed this, but decided not to say anything as her urge to pee was also getting stronger, and crossing her legs would help with that. So she silently crossed her legs too.

A few minutes later, Amity spotted Luz staring at her legs again. So she uncrossed her legs, but immediately after, she clamped her legs together and tensed up. Luz whispered to Amity, "You can pretend like you don't need to pee, but your body language gives it away Ami."

Amity looked at Luz, and then proceeded to grab her glass of water and chug down 3/4 of the glass. Luz looked in fear, remembering the deal that they had, then proceeded to do the same. In doing so, she also tensed her crossed legs to strengthen her hold and needed to bring a hand down to gently squeeze her crotch. It looked like Amity had to pee almost as badly as Luz. So Luz was afraid that she would be the first to give in and leak some pee into her panties.

Throughout dinner, Amity felt her bladder ache more and more. But she didn't want to show any signs of weakness in front of Luz, not even crossing her legs. She would do other, more subtle things, like clamping her legs together, gripping the hem of her skirt and readjusting her position often. She would noticeably tense up every time a wave of desperation came over her. After that initial show of drinking almost an entire glass of water, Amity didn't really drink a lot that night, and thankfully, neither did Luz. After all, her bladder was crying for relief and Amity was scared that her charade of "not needing to pee" wasn't going to work. If she didn't start doing more things to hold her pee, she was going to start leaking. So when they asked for the bill, Amity finally crossed her legs to give her muscles the much needed support they needed to continue holding her ever expanding bladder.

Luz on the other hand kept her legs crossed the entire night. About half way through her meal, she felt a wave of desperation and had to grab her crotch again to hold it. She decided to keep her hand there for the rest of the night. She started squirming more and more as they finished their meals. Then, the bill finally came. Luz looked over at Amity's legs and saw her crossing her legs for the first time since the beginning of dinner. Luz decided that now was a good time for a little pay back. She looked at Amity, and chugged half a glass of water.

}}

Chapter 7: Hold, Hold, Holding on to Win This Bladder War

Luz's legs were tightly crossed. She felt a huge wave of desperation as she was chugging down the water. But seeing Amity's reaction to all that was priceless.

Amity's eyes widened in fear, she had to pee so badly right now. She picked up her glass and chugged half a glass of water. When the water entered her mouth, she felt a wave of desperation and had to stick a hand into her crotch. When she finished, she looked at Luz with a mad, pouty look, and Luz looked back at her with a smirk.

Then, Camila handed Luz the car keys. "I have to use the restroom, but you girls can go wait in the car first." Camila said.

The girls slowly walked to the car. Once they were inside, Luz asked, "Did you leak yet Amity?"

"No, did you?" Amity asked.

"Nope." Luz responded.

The two girls sat there in the car with their legs tightly crossed. It was only a matter of time before one of them leaked now. Camila finally came to the car and drove them back to the hotel. Luckily, the roads were smooth and the ride was short, so there were no torturous road bumps for their bladders to endure. But both of them still grabbed their crotches with a hand just in case. Camila stopped in front of the hotel and said, "There's a few things I need to pick up from Walmart, but I'll drop you girls off at the hotel first. I won't take too long."

Amity and Luz got off the car and slowly entered the hotel. Once they were inside the elevator, they both crossed their legs again, held their crotches with both hands and did a potty dance. When the elevator stopped at their floor, they hobbled to their room. They stopped in front of the door, with their pretzel shaped legs squirming. Amity was tightly grabbing her crotch with both hands and saw Luz doing the same. But Luz had to reach into her pocket to grab the key card to open their room. Luz inserted the card, but it beeped back a red light. She pulled it out and inserted it again, another red light. "Come on, work this time!" Luz commanded frantically. She tried again, it finally gave a green light and they were able to open the door. But, as Luz grabbed the handle to open the door, she felt a huge wave of desperation. Her sphincter was unable to react in time and she ended up leaking. Luz let out an audible gasp and Amity noticed.

"Did you just leak Luz?" Amity asked

Luz slowly nodded. Amity smiled. "Looks like I get to use the bathroom now." Amity stated.

"Wait," Luz interrupted. "let me see proof that your panties are still dry." Luz requested with a blush.

Amity also blushed at this request, but complied, "Ok". They went inside their room, closed the door, and then Amity slowly pulled her pants down so that it wouldn't put pressure on her already exploding bladder. After Amity stripped down. It was clear that her pink panties were as dry as a bone. But Luz could see Amity's bladder protruding, stretching the fabric of her panties by a lot.

"Alright, you win." Luz said.

"Alright Luz, I'll set a 10 minute timer right now because your first punishment is to listen to me pee." Amity commanded. Luz whined in response. Amity set a 10 minute timer on her scroll-phone and then took Luz with her to the bathroom.

Once they were inside, Amity leaked a bit of pee at the sight of the toilet. Luz noticed this and smiled as Amity was still in her panties. Amity sat down on the toilet while Luz had to stand. Her legs were tightly crossed and she was squirming a lot. But nothing was coming out of Amity's urethra. "Luz, could you wait outside and close the door until you hear me peeing?" Amity asked.

Luz hobbled outside and closed the door. A split second later, she heard a stream of pee hitting the toilet. That was her cue to go back inside, but that gave Luz a wave of desperation. She jammed a finger into her urethra and then slowly hobbled back inside. Hearing Amity's constant torrent of pee was torture for Luz. She kept moaning in pain, and pee kept gushing out through her fingers. Despite how much Luz wanted to see Amity peeing, she kept her eyes closed. Amity saw Luz keeping her hands inside her panties, her pretzel shaped legs, and loved the sound of Luz moaning. She saw how a wet patch was forming on her pants despite Luz's efforts. "Oh Luz, you have to open your eyes and stare at my pee stream for at least 10 seconds." Amity instructed while spreading her legs apart.

Luz opened her eyes and immediately felt more pee trying to come out of her. "Oooooooh." Luz moaned and doubled over. Even though staring at Amity's camel toe and pee stream was a turn on for Luz, the pain that it was causing her bladder was much greater. The wet patch on Luz's pants were now the size of an orange. And Luz's moaning was music to Amity's ears. That's when Amity decided that she wanted to see Luz completely soaking her pants. When Amity finally finished peeing, Luz weakly asked, "Can I pee yet? I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it."

Amity checked her timer and showed Luz. "Nope, there's still 6 minutes left."

Luz let out a groan, "Ughhh!"

"Now, your next punishment is to chug down a glass of water." Amity commanded.

"Ha, that's not even a punishment, I love water." Luz replied.

"We'll see about that." Amity said.

Amity proceeded to fill a glass of water. When the tap was on, Luz was doing a full on potty dance. Amity handed over the full glass of water to Luz. Luz removed a hand from her crotch to reach for the glass, but as soon as she tried doing that, she had to double over and hold her crotch again. "What's the matter Luz? I thought you loved water." Amity teased.

Luz replied with a weak groan. So, Amity helped Luz out by grabbing the glass and slowly poured the water into her mouth. Amity could see Luz tense up as more and more water went into her mouth. Then she saw her wet patch getting larger. Luz finally finished the glass of water and moaned, "Ooooh, Amity, I don't think I can hold it much longer."

"Just one more punishment." Amity stated. "I want to feel your bladder."

###

A/N: You may have noticed that this chapter has a title. In fact, I decided to give all my chapters in this series a title now. Unfortunately, I cannot go back and edit previous posts on omorashi.org if they have been posted for more than a few days. But I am uploading this fanfic on to AO3 (which does allow for back editing), you can follow it to see the chapter titles here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/36277108/chapters/90436624

. I will be uploading consistently to AO3 on a weekly basis. But, I will always upload new chapters on omorashi.org first. If you ask nicely, I may post some of the chapter titles here before I post them on AO3.

In addition, I have road mapped the rest of this series and have decided that it will consist of a total of 11 chapters. Although there is more to come, we are nearing the end of this series. I haven't decided whether or not I want to continue writing after this. At the very least, I will probably take a long break from it. I might write some one-shots here and there once in a while.

I have also decided to give myself a little introduction since I do see the same people checking out my fanfic over and over again. I figure y'all probably want to know a little bit about me:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/73634-greetings-fellow-human-human-fellas/?do=embed"

I am thankful that I found a community here and I'm happy for the support and love that you all have been giving me! I hope you all have a great day!

*054*2022-01-20 01:51

{{2 hours ago, JuliusSlouchy said:

Could in future make story about Amity bedwetting, please?

}}

I'll think about it.

*056*2022-01-24 01:32

{{On 1/22/2022 at 7:01 PM, Roronoa Zoro said:

The golden guard do you know when part 8 of Amity blight trip to the human Realm will be released

}}

Unfortunately, I've been quite busy these past few weeks and will be for the next few too so idk when I'll have enough time to finish ch 8. I have started writing it though. I started a new job recently so I need time to adjust to my new schedule.

*058*2022-02-05 02:42

{{On 1/9/2022 at 4:38 PM, Golden Guard said:

Chapter 7: Hold, Hold, Holding on to Win This Bladder War

Luz's legs were tightly crossed. She felt a huge wave of desperation as she was chugging down the water. But seeing Amity's reaction to all that was priceless.

Amity's eyes widened in fear, she had to pee so badly right now. She picked up her glass and chugged half a glass of water. When the water entered her mouth, she felt a wave of desperation and had to stick a hand into her crotch. When she finished, she looked at Luz with a mad, pouty look, and Luz looked back at her with a smirk.

Then, Camila handed Luz the car keys. "I have to use the restroom, but you girls can go wait in the car first." Camila said.

The girls slowly walked to the car. Once they were inside, Luz asked, "Did you leak yet Amity?"

"No, did you?" Amity asked.

"Nope." Luz responded.

The two girls sat there in the car with their legs tightly crossed. It was only a matter of time before one of them leaked now. Camila finally came to the car and drove them back to the hotel. Luckily, the roads were smooth and the ride was short, so there were no torturous road bumps for their bladders to endure. But both of them still grabbed their crotches with a hand just in case. Camila stopped in front of the hotel and said, "There's a few things I need to pick up from Walmart, but I'll drop you girls off at the hotel first. I won't take too long."

Amity and Luz got off the car and slowly entered the hotel. Once they were inside the elevator, they both crossed their legs again, held their crotches with both hands and did a potty dance. When the elevator stopped at their floor, they hobbled to their room. They stopped in front of the door, with their pretzel shaped legs squirming. Amity was tightly grabbing her crotch with both hands and saw Luz doing the same. But Luz had to reach into her pocket to grab the key card to open their room. Luz inserted the card, but it beeped back a red light. She pulled it out and inserted it again, another red light. "Come on, work this time!" Luz commanded frantically. She tried again, it finally gave a green light and they were able to open the door. But, as Luz grabbed the handle to open the door, she felt a huge wave of desperation. Her sphincter was unable to react in time and she ended up leaking. Luz let out an audible gasp and Amity noticed.

"Did you just leak Luz?" Amity asked

Luz slowly nodded. Amity smiled. "Looks like I get to use the bathroom now." Amity stated.

"Wait," Luz interrupted. "let me see proof that your panties are still dry." Luz requested with a blush.

Amity also blushed at this request, but complied, "Ok". They went inside their room, closed the door, and then Amity slowly pulled her pants down so that it wouldn't put pressure on her already exploding bladder. After Amity stripped down. It was clear that her pink panties were as dry as a bone. But Luz could see Amity's bladder protruding, stretching the fabric of her panties by a lot.

"Alright, you win." Luz said.

"Alright Luz, I'll set a 10 minute timer right now because your first punishment is to listen to me pee." Amity commanded. Luz whined in response. Amity set a 10 minute timer on her scroll-phone and then took Luz with her to the bathroom.

Once they were inside, Amity leaked a bit of pee at the sight of the toilet. Luz noticed this and smiled as Amity was still in her panties. Amity sat down on the toilet while Luz had to stand. Her legs were tightly crossed and she was squirming a lot. But nothing was coming out of Amity's urethra. "Luz, could you wait outside and close the door until you hear me peeing?" Amity asked.

Luz hobbled outside and closed the door. A split second later, she heard a stream of pee hitting the toilet. That was her cue to go back inside, but that gave Luz a wave of desperation. She jammed a finger into her urethra and then slowly hobbled back inside. Hearing Amity's constant torrent of pee was torture for Luz. She kept moaning in pain, and pee kept gushing out through her fingers. Despite how much Luz wanted to see Amity peeing, she kept her eyes closed. Amity saw Luz keeping her hands inside her panties, her pretzel shaped legs, and loved the sound of Luz moaning. She saw how a wet patch was forming on her pants despite Luz's efforts. "Oh Luz, you have to open your eyes and stare at my pee stream for at least 10 seconds." Amity instructed while spreading her legs apart.

Luz opened her eyes and immediately felt more pee trying to come out of her. "Oooooooh." Luz moaned and doubled over. Even though staring at Amity's camel toe and pee stream was a turn on for Luz, the pain that it was causing her bladder was much greater. The wet patch on Luz's pants were now the size of an orange. And Luz's moaning was music to Amity's ears. That's when Amity decided that she wanted to see Luz completely soaking her pants. When Amity finally finished peeing, Luz weakly asked, "Can I pee yet? I'm not sure how much longer I can hold it."

Amity checked her timer and showed Luz. "Nope, there's still 6 minutes left."

Luz let out a groan, "Ughhh!"

"Now, your next punishment is to chug down a glass of water." Amity commanded.

"Ha, that's not even a punishment, I love water." Luz replied.

"We'll see about that." Amity said.

Amity proceeded to fill a glass of water. When the tap was on, Luz was doing a full on potty dance. Amity handed over the full glass of water to Luz. Luz removed a hand from her crotch to reach for the glass, but as soon as she tried doing that, she had to double over and hold her crotch again. "What's the matter Luz? I thought you loved water." Amity teased.

Luz replied with a weak groan. So, Amity helped Luz out by grabbing the glass and slowly poured the water into her mouth. Amity could see Luz tense up as more and more water went into her mouth. Then she saw her wet patch getting larger. Luz finally finished the glass of water and moaned, "Ooooh, Amity, I don't think I can hold it much longer."

"Just one more punishment." Amity stated. "I want to feel your bladder."

###

A/N: You may have noticed that this chapter has a title. In fact, I decided to give all my chapters in this series a title now. Unfortunately, I cannot go back and edit previous posts on omorashi.org if they have been posted for more than a few days. But I am uploading this fanfic on to AO3 (which does allow for back editing), you can follow it to see the chapter titles here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/36277108/chapters/90436624

. I will be uploading consistently to AO3 on a weekly basis. But, I will always upload new chapters on omorashi.org first. If you ask nicely, I may post some of the chapter titles here before I post them on AO3.

In addition, I have road mapped the rest of this series and have decided that it will consist of a total of 11 chapters. Although there is more to come, we are nearing the end of this series. I haven't decided whether or not I want to continue writing after this. At the very least, I will probably take a long break from it. I might write some one-shots here and there once in a while.

I have also decided to give myself a little introduction since I do see the same people checking out my fanfic over and over again. I figure y'all probably want to know a little bit about me:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/73634-greetings-fellow-human-human-fellas/?do=embed"

I am thankful that I found a community here and I'm happy for the support and love that you all have been giving me! I hope you all have a great day!

}}

Chapter 8: Opened Floodgates Are Hard to Close

"Just one more punishment." Amity stated. "I want to feel your bladder."

Luz looked at Amity in fear, she was now greatly regretting the suggestions she made regarding the pee holding contest. "Ok, just be gentle, please." Luz begged.

"Ok here, I'll help you hold while I feel your bladder. May I?" Amity asked, as she moved a hand close to Luz's crotch. Luz nodded. Amity proceeded to replace Luz's hand with her own. Amity was now directly plugging Luz's urethra with her own hand. It was wet, very wet. Luz gasped softly, Amity wasn't touching Luz's sensitive spot, but having her finger so close to there, and plugging her pee hole for her was generating waves of pleasure in Luz. Amity felt Luz squeeze her legs together and heard a soft moan from her mouth as a wave of desperation followed.

Amity gently placed her other hand on Luz's bladder. Luz let out another moan and Amity felt some pee dribbling out of Luz's urethra. She gently rubbed around Luz's bladder, feeling the bulge, it was big and rock solid. It was almost as if Luz was pregnant. Then Amity gave Luz's bladder a small push.

"OOOOOH!" Luz moaned loudly. Then Amity could feel a burst of pee gushing through her fingers. "I'm sorry Amity, I can't hold it anymore." Luz said. The pee kept coming out and Amity was enjoying the feeling of the jet of pee hitting her hand, seeing Luz's pants getting wet, and Luz's moan of relief as she was emptying her bladder onto Amity's hand.

Suddenly, the door to their hotel room opened, and Camila came in. She stared at them in shock.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! WHY ARE YOUR HANDS IN MY DAUGHTER'S PANTS?!" Camila exclaimed angrily.

Amity quickly removed her hands from Luz's crotch. "Mom wait, I can explain!" Luz said.

"And are you peeing your pants Luz?! You're making such a mess on the hotel floor!!!" Camila exclaimed.

Both girls' faces turned tomato red. And Luz couldn't help but continue soaking her pants. Then, Amity's phone-scroll alarm started ringing. She quickly turned it off. Despite her aching, leaking bladder, Luz proceeded to awkwardly explain to her mom, in Spanish, that they were exploring their bodies together and how they both enjoyed seeing each other desperate to pee. Amity had never been this embarrassed before, and judging by Luz's stumbling voice during her explanation, she imagined that Luz was equally as embarrassed.

"Go to the toilet and clean yourself up first. We'll continue this talk later." Camila stated sternly.

Luz was worried that her mom was going to use this time to grill Amity and get them to break up. But she obliged as her bladder was still trying to empty it's massive reservoir of pee. Luz proceeded to awkwardly walk to the toilet, she was still wetting her pants and pee was dripping down onto the floor as she was walking. She closed the door and sat down. Finally, she let the pee come out of her at full force. The relief was soooo satisfying. She wished that Amity was still rubbing her crotch and bladder at the moment, it felt so good. But now, she was going to have to awkwardly explain to her mom what she was doing with Amity.

"And is that why you girls have been soiling your pants this entire trip!?" Camila asked, now taking to Amity in English. She was a lot calmer now, but there was still a lot of frustration in her voice.

"No, the times we wet our pants on the car trip were unintentional, but it did help us realize that we enjoyed seeing each other desperate to pee." Amity replied, her face still flushed in embarrassment. Amity felt really uncomfortable in this situation. One minute she was feeling around Luz's crotch and bladder, the next, she's having to explain to her mom why she was invading her daughter's private parts. Camila continued asking Amity these embarrassing questions, and Amity continued to answer them honestly despite how awkward this was for all of them.

Luz came out of the washroom and quickly changed into some dry clothes. She went back to where Amity and Camila were standing, prepared to intervene for the worst case scenario: that her mom was grilling Amity and might cause them to break up.

"Ok Luz, Amity, I am ok with you two exploring your bodies, but we're gonna need to set some ground rules." Camila stated. She proceeded to give the girls 'the talk'. It was a relief to know that her mom wasn't that mad and would let them keep their relationship. Luz didn't know how she'd react if her mom did decide to go that route. Her mom was supportive of most of her decisions and she was glad that this was one of those times. "...and finally, you girls have to clean up after yourselves. I mean, look at the mess that you girls have created! I'd hate to be the hotel cleaner that has to deal with this, so you girls are cleaning this up tonight!" Camila commanded.

The girls started to clean up their mess. "Oh and one more thing," Camila said while pinching the bridge of her nose with a disgruntled look on her face "could you girls please wait until we're back home before you start exploring your bodies again? Both of you are running out of clean pants. And wouldn't you rather be in the privacy of Luz's room rather than in a hotel room?" They nodded in agreement. This had been quite the experience for both of them, and both wanted to continue exploring it further, but Luz's mom made a good point.

###

A/N: Finally! A new chapter! Unfortunately, my last few chapters will continue to take a long time to write and post as I'm still adjusting to my new job. In the meantime, you can check out the titles that I gave to each chapter on AO3 and try to figure out why I'm trying to get you guys to read the chapter titles *hint hint*

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/36277108/chapters/90436624

See if you can guess the upcoming chapter titles!

*060*2022-03-06 01:46

{{On 2/4/2022 at 9:42 PM, Golden Guard said:

Chapter 8: Opened Floodgates Are Hard to Close

"Just one more punishment." Amity stated. "I want to feel your bladder."

Luz looked at Amity in fear, she was now greatly regretting the suggestions she made regarding the pee holding contest. "Ok, just be gentle, please." Luz begged.

"Ok here, I'll help you hold while I feel your bladder. May I?" Amity asked, as she moved a hand close to Luz's crotch. Luz nodded. Amity proceeded to replace Luz's hand with her own. Amity was now directly plugging Luz's urethra with her own hand. It was wet, very wet. Luz gasped softly, Amity wasn't touching Luz's sensitive spot, but having her finger so close to there, and plugging her pee hole for her was generating waves of pleasure in Luz. Amity felt Luz squeeze her legs together and heard a soft moan from her mouth as a wave of desperation followed.

Amity gently placed her other hand on Luz's bladder. Luz let out another moan and Amity felt some pee dribbling out of Luz's urethra. She gently rubbed around Luz's bladder, feeling the bulge, it was big and rock solid. It was almost as if Luz was pregnant. Then Amity gave Luz's bladder a small push.

"OOOOOH!" Luz moaned loudly. Then Amity could feel a burst of pee gushing through her fingers. "I'm sorry Amity, I can't hold it anymore." Luz said. The pee kept coming out and Amity was enjoying the feeling of the jet of pee hitting her hand, seeing Luz's pants getting wet, and Luz's moan of relief as she was emptying her bladder onto Amity's hand.

Suddenly, the door to their hotel room opened, and Camila came in. She stared at them in shock.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! WHY ARE YOUR HANDS IN MY DAUGHTER'S PANTS?!" Camila exclaimed angrily.

Amity quickly removed her hands from Luz's crotch. "Mom wait, I can explain!" Luz said.

"And are you peeing your pants Luz?! You're making such a mess on the hotel floor!!!" Camila exclaimed.

Both girls' faces turned tomato red. And Luz couldn't help but continue soaking her pants. Then, Amity's phone-scroll alarm started ringing. She quickly turned it off. Despite her aching, leaking bladder, Luz proceeded to awkwardly explain to her mom, in Spanish, that they were exploring their bodies together and how they both enjoyed seeing each other desperate to pee. Amity had never been this embarrassed before, and judging by Luz's stumbling voice during her explanation, she imagined that Luz was equally as embarrassed.

"Go to the toilet and clean yourself up first. We'll continue this talk later." Camila stated sternly.

Luz was worried that her mom was going to use this time to grill Amity and get them to break up. But she obliged as her bladder was still trying to empty it's massive reservoir of pee. Luz proceeded to awkwardly walk to the toilet, she was still wetting her pants and pee was dripping down onto the floor as she was walking. She closed the door and sat down. Finally, she let the pee come out of her at full force. The relief was soooo satisfying. She wished that Amity was still rubbing her crotch and bladder at the moment, it felt so good. But now, she was going to have to awkwardly explain to her mom what she was doing with Amity.

"And is that why you girls have been soiling your pants this entire trip!?" Camila asked, now taking to Amity in English. She was a lot calmer now, but there was still a lot of frustration in her voice.

"No, the times we wet our pants on the car trip were unintentional, but it did help us realize that we enjoyed seeing each other desperate to pee." Amity replied, her face still flushed in embarrassment. Amity felt really uncomfortable in this situation. One minute she was feeling around Luz's crotch and bladder, the next, she's having to explain to her mom why she was invading her daughter's private parts. Camila continued asking Amity these embarrassing questions, and Amity continued to answer them honestly despite how awkward this was for all of them.

Luz came out of the washroom and quickly changed into some dry clothes. She went back to where Amity and Camila were standing, prepared to intervene for the worst case scenario: that her mom was grilling Amity and might cause them to break up.

"Ok Luz, Amity, I am ok with you two exploring your bodies, but we're gonna need to set some ground rules." Camila stated. She proceeded to give the girls 'the talk'. It was a relief to know that her mom wasn't that mad and would let them keep their relationship. Luz didn't know how she'd react if her mom did decide to go that route. Her mom was supportive of most of her decisions and she was glad that this was one of those times. "...and finally, you girls have to clean up after yourselves. I mean, look at the mess that you girls have created! I'd hate to be the hotel cleaner that has to deal with this, so you girls are cleaning this up tonight!" Camila commanded.

The girls started to clean up their mess. "Oh and one more thing," Camila said while pinching the bridge of her nose with a disgruntled look on her face "could you girls please wait until we're back home before you start exploring your bodies again? Both of you are running out of clean pants. And wouldn't you rather be in the privacy of Luz's room rather than in a hotel room?" They nodded in agreement. This had been quite the experience for both of them, and both wanted to continue exploring it further, but Luz's mom made a good point.

###

A/N: Finally! A new chapter! Unfortunately, my last few chapters will continue to take a long time to write and post as I'm still adjusting to my new job. In the meantime, you can check out the titles that I gave to each chapter on AO3 and try to figure out why I'm trying to get you guys to read the chapter titles *hint hint*

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/36277108/chapters/90436624

See if you can guess the upcoming chapter titles!

}}

Chapter 9: Unwinding Amity

A few days later, they arrived back at the Noceda's residence. Their vacation was now over. Luz and Amity refrained from exploring their newly discovered fetish for the remainder of the trip, they didn't want to get in trouble with Luz's mom again.

Camilla was called in for a 12 hour shift at the vet the next day, leaving Amity and Luz to be home alone for the whole day. The couple decided that they wanted a rematch of the holding contest after they got interrupted last time in the middle of their vacation.

"I read some articles about our fetish", Amity said. "apparently, it's called omorashi. And if we're gonna be torturing each other at some point, I think we should have a safe word just in case our activities are hurting us."

"That's a good idea." Luz replied. "I don't want to push your bladder too hard when I inevitably win the contest this time."

"Ha, we'll see about that Luz, might I remind you that my bladder won the last contest we had." Amity responded.

"Ok, this time, we should empty our bladders at the same time before the start of the contest to keep things fair." Luz suggested.

"It's not my fault your bladder was too small to handle an extra minute's worth of pee." Amity teased.

Luz blushed. "Hey, before the contest, you took way more than one minute to empty your bladder after I already emptied mine!" Luz countered.

"Relax Luz, I'm just teasing. You're right, we should keep things fair and empty our bladders at the same time." Amity replied.

The girls agreed on a safe word, a word that would be a turn off for both of them, and then proceeded to enter the bathroom together. "You can use the toilet, I'll use the bathtub." Luz offered.

Amity proceeded to remove her pants and underwear and sat on the toilet seat. As Luz removed her pants too and started to step into the bathtub, Amity interrupted, "Wait, what about my pee shyness? I won't be able to pee with you in the room." Amity was blushing.

Luz turned on the sink, and then approached Amity. Amity already had to pee a little, and hearing the running tap was exaggerating that feeling even more. Luz moved her face really close to hers. "If we're gonna be doing this often, then I'll have to get you to relax around me." Luz said with a smile.

Luz's face was so close, so beautiful... Amity was lost in Luz's eyes. She wasn't sure what Luz was planning to do to get her to relax. If anything, this was making Amity more nervous. Suddenly, Amity felt Luz's lips on hers. They were soft, tender, and Amity just melted into the feeling. Luz began to kiss her passionately, rubbing her back with one hand and the back of her neck with the other. Amity was greatly enjoying this. Then Luz began pushing on Amity's bladder. Amity's desperation to pee spiked, but still no pee was coming out.

Luz slowly took her lips away from Amity's lips and approached her ears. "It's ok Amity, it's just me, Luz. You can empty your bladder around me." Luz whispered in an alluring voice.

Amity nodded and Luz went back to kissing Amity. She started to press and rub Amity's bladder and Amity decided to relax her muscles in response to these actions. She could feel the pee about to come out of her now. Then, a small stream of pee was finally spraying out of Amity's urethra.

Luz slowly detached her face from Amity's and smiled at her. "You did it Amity!" Luz said cheerfully. "Now, I'm sorry for leaving your mouth, but I need to empty my bladder now too." Luz said.

Amity nodded again. She was speechless because that was the best kissing she's ever experienced in her life. Granted, she hasn't experienced a lot of kissing in her life, and all of the kissing she has experienced only came from Luz over the past week. But it was still quite the experience kissing your girlfriend while you were emptying your bladder. She wished Luz would continue as Amity's sensitive area was tingling the entire time.

Luz proceeded to enter the bathtub and stood up facing a direction that was mostly towards the drain, but also slightly towards Amity. Amity saw Luz smirking and they both had a clear view of each other's naked crotch. Amity saw Luz using her hands to spread her labia apart, and then Luz began to pee while standing! "Ahhh", Luz moaned in relief. Luz smiled seeing the surprised look on Amity's face. "It's a trick I discovered while I was exploring my body one day." Luz explained. They were now both peeing at the same time. Soon, Amity's pee stream began to diminish, and Luz's stream followed. Eventually, Amity stopped peeing, and Luz peed for about an extra 5 seconds.

"Hmm, looks like your bladder will be emptier than mine going into this contest Luz." Amity said.

"You're welcome to continue pushing your bladder until you believe it's empty enough." Luz responded.

Amity began to push her bladder and used her muscles to try to force out any bits of pee that built up in her bladder over the past dozen seconds, but nothing was coming out. Now satisfied that their bladders were empty, they wiped, then began to put their pants back on.

"Remember, if one person drinks, the other person has to drink the same amount too." Luz reminded.

"In that case, let's head to the kitchen and grab some water. I'm thirsty." Amity replied with a smirk.

Luz smirked back at her and then the couple headed to the kitchen.

The couple each filled up a glass of water and started chugging it at the same time. They both finished their glass within 30 seconds. They proceeded to refill their glasses again, but afterwards, they had to drink their second glass a lot slower.

"Ugh, my stomach feels so bloated," Luz complained.

"Just wait till it starts trickling into your bladder, you won't be complaining about your stomach then," Amity replied.

Luz chuckled. They each finished their glasses after a few more minutes.

"What should we do to pass the time?" Luz asked.

"We could watch a movie or something," Amity replied.

"Have you watched the movie adaptation of The Good Witch Azura 5 yet?", Luz asked.

"It's out in the human world?!?!" Amity replied.

"YES! Ok, you HAVE to watch it now. I loved the way they adapted this one scene- Actually, I won't spoil it for you. Let's fill up some water bottles, get some snacks, then head up to my room to watch it!" Luz exclaimed.

"Ok!" Amity excitedly responded. She's been waiting for that movie to release in the Boiling Isles for 6 months. She didn't think that the human world had it out already.

They each proceeded to fill up a 2L water bottle, grabbed some snacks, and walked back up to Luz's room while holding hands.

###

A/N: Two more weeks until the rest of TOH S2 starts airing! Hope you're all as excited for that as I am! I'll try my best to finish this story by the time S2b airs, but no promises.

*062*2022-03-12 08:06

{{On 3/5/2022 at 8:46 PM, Golden Guard said:

Chapter 9: Unwinding Amity

A few days later, they arrived back at the Noceda's residence. Their vacation was now over. Luz and Amity refrained from exploring their newly discovered fetish for the remainder of the trip, they didn't want to get in trouble with Luz's mom again.

Camilla was called in for a 12 hour shift at the vet the next day, leaving Amity and Luz to be home alone for the whole day. The couple decided that they wanted a rematch of the holding contest after they got interrupted last time in the middle of their vacation.

"I read some articles about our fetish", Amity said. "apparently, it's called omorashi. And if we're gonna be torturing each other at some point, I think we should have a safe word just in case our activities are hurting us."

"That's a good idea." Luz replied. "I don't want to push your bladder too hard when I inevitably win the contest this time."

"Ha, we'll see about that Luz, might I remind you that my bladder won the last contest we had." Amity responded.

"Ok, this time, we should empty our bladders at the same time before the start of the contest to keep things fair." Luz suggested.

"It's not my fault your bladder was too small to handle an extra minute's worth of pee." Amity teased.

Luz blushed. "Hey, before the contest, you took way more than one minute to empty your bladder after I already emptied mine!" Luz countered.

"Relax Luz, I'm just teasing. You're right, we should keep things fair and empty our bladders at the same time." Amity replied.

The girls agreed on a safe word, a word that would be a turn off for both of them, and then proceeded to enter the bathroom together. "You can use the toilet, I'll use the bathtub." Luz offered.

Amity proceeded to remove her pants and underwear and sat on the toilet seat. As Luz removed her pants too and started to step into the bathtub, Amity interrupted, "Wait, what about my pee shyness? I won't be able to pee with you in the room." Amity was blushing.

Luz turned on the sink, and then approached Amity. Amity already had to pee a little, and hearing the running tap was exaggerating that feeling even more. Luz moved her face really close to hers. "If we're gonna be doing this often, then I'll have to get you to relax around me." Luz said with a smile.

Luz's face was so close, so beautiful... Amity was lost in Luz's eyes. She wasn't sure what Luz was planning to do to get her to relax. If anything, this was making Amity more nervous. Suddenly, Amity felt Luz's lips on hers. They were soft, tender, and Amity just melted into the feeling. Luz began to kiss her passionately, rubbing her back with one hand and the back of her neck with the other. Amity was greatly enjoying this. Then Luz began pushing on Amity's bladder. Amity's desperation to pee spiked, but still no pee was coming out.

Luz slowly took her lips away from Amity's lips and approached her ears. "It's ok Amity, it's just me, Luz. You can empty your bladder around me." Luz whispered in an alluring voice.

Amity nodded and Luz went back to kissing Amity. She started to press and rub Amity's bladder and Amity decided to relax her muscles in response to these actions. She could feel the pee about to come out of her now. Then, a small stream of pee was finally spraying out of Amity's urethra.

Luz slowly detached her face from Amity's and smiled at her. "You did it Amity!" Luz said cheerfully. "Now, I'm sorry for leaving your mouth, but I need to empty my bladder now too." Luz said.

Amity nodded again. She was speechless because that was the best kissing she's ever experienced in her life. Granted, she hasn't experienced a lot of kissing in her life, and all of the kissing she has experienced only came from Luz over the past week. But it was still quite the experience kissing your girlfriend while you were emptying your bladder. She wished Luz would continue as Amity's sensitive area was tingling the entire time.

Luz proceeded to enter the bathtub and stood up facing a direction that was mostly towards the drain, but also slightly towards Amity. Amity saw Luz smirking and they both had a clear view of each other's naked crotch. Amity saw Luz using her hands to spread her labia apart, and then Luz began to pee while standing! "Ahhh", Luz moaned in relief. Luz smiled seeing the surprised look on Amity's face. "It's a trick I discovered while I was exploring my body one day." Luz explained. They were now both peeing at the same time. Soon, Amity's pee stream began to diminish, and Luz's stream followed. Eventually, Amity stopped peeing, and Luz peed for about an extra 5 seconds.

"Hmm, looks like your bladder will be emptier than mine going into this contest Luz." Amity said.

"You're welcome to continue pushing your bladder until you believe it's empty enough." Luz responded.

Amity began to push her bladder and used her muscles to try to force out any bits of pee that built up in her bladder over the past dozen seconds, but nothing was coming out. Now satisfied that their bladders were empty, they wiped, then began to put their pants back on.

"Remember, if one person drinks, the other person has to drink the same amount too." Luz reminded.

"In that case, let's head to the kitchen and grab some water. I'm thirsty." Amity replied with a smirk.

Luz smirked back at her and then the couple headed to the kitchen.

The couple each filled up a glass of water and started chugging it at the same time. They both finished their glass within 30 seconds. They proceeded to refill their glasses again, but afterwards, they had to drink their second glass a lot slower.

"Ugh, my stomach feels so bloated," Luz complained.

"Just wait till it starts trickling into your bladder, you won't be complaining about your stomach then," Amity replied.

Luz chuckled. They each finished their glasses after a few more minutes.

"What should we do to pass the time?" Luz asked.

"We could watch a movie or something," Amity replied.

"Have you watched the movie adaptation of The Good Witch Azura 5 yet?", Luz asked.

"It's out in the human world?!?!" Amity replied.

"YES! Ok, you HAVE to watch it now. I loved the way they adapted this one scene- Actually, I won't spoil it for you. Let's fill up some water bottles, get some snacks, then head up to my room to watch it!" Luz exclaimed.

"Ok!" Amity excitedly responded. She's been waiting for that movie to release in the Boiling Isles for 6 months. She didn't think that the human world had it out already.

They each proceeded to fill up a 2L water bottle, grabbed some snacks, and walked back up to Luz's room while holding hands.

###

A/N: Two more weeks until the rest of TOH S2 starts airing! Hope you're all as excited for that as I am! I'll try my best to finish this story by the time S2b airs, but no promises.

}}

Chapter 10: So Much Pee, So Little Time

"You're too late. This is between me and her. Go back to your pathetic village. I have no quarrel with you witchling."

"You're wrong. Hecate is my ally now, and I won't let you hurt her. And I am no longer a witchling, haven't you heard? They call me The Good Witch Azura now!"

Amity had to pee, badly. The movie was getting good, and the fight scene was very well animated. But it was hard for her to focus with her bladder nagging at her. In her peripheral vision, she could see Luz tightly crossing her legs and squirming. Amity decided that she was going to use her "I don't need to pee yet" intimidation tactic again. But without support, the strength she constantly needed to supply to her sphincter was wearing her down.

"Nooooooooo!" Amity heard Luz exclaim. She looked at the screen and saw Azura turning to ash. But she read the book, she knew that this was a fakeout death and that Azura would come back to life in act 3. But she was too distracted by her bladder to notice the fight scene.

Amity reached over and gave Luz a hug to comfort her, despite the fact that Luz told her that she's watched this movie 2 times already.

After Luz stopped sobbing, she looked up at Amity and asked, "Do you have to pee yet?"

Amity hesitated for a moment. "No."

"Are you lying to me mi amor?" Luz asked.

"Ok, maybe a little bit," Amity lied again.

"Well I have to go really badly," Luz said, she stuck a hand in her crotch and squirmed a little to emphasize her point.

"Are you surrendering?" Amity asked with a smile.

Luz laughed. "Ha, no! I haven't wet myself yet. But I don't believe that you're that far from wetting yourself either," Luz responded with a smirk.

"Ha, my bladder is perfectly fine right now. Here, I'll prove it," Amity said. She grabbed her half empty water bottle and drank some water. She felt her bladder screaming at her to stop, but she braved through it.

Luz pouted, but then started to drink as well. She made sure to drink slightly more than Amity, and then showed her the extra emptiness in her bottle to get Amity to drink more. Amity hesitated, but then proceeded to drink the extra amount. Amity crossed her legs.

"Ha! You do have to pee!" Luz exclaimed.

"As I said, only a little bit," Amity lied again and put on a fake smile. Amity had to put on fake smiles for her entire life, so she was good at it. But Luz could see through Amity's charade and had a pretty good idea about how badly Amity really had to pee. Luz started fantasizing about Amity putting on a big display of desperation and tuned out the movie. She kept a hand jammed to her crotch and started gently rubbing.

They continued to 'watch' the movie. By the time the credits started rolling, both girls were desperate to pee. But Luz was the only one displaying this desperation. Luz's legs were crossed with a hand still in her crotch. Amity just had her legs squeezed together.

Luz scooted closer to Amity, removed her hands from her crotch and reached out to hold Amity's hand, and said, "I like seeing you desperate too."

"What?" Amity replied.

"I notice how you look at me," Luz said. "But I pretend that I don't see it."

Amity blushed. "I don't know what you're talking about Luz," Amity replied unconvincingly. She figured that it would be easier if she let the tension subside.

"I notice how you look at my legs when I'm desperate to pee." Luz stuck a hand in her crotch and started squirming. And it was clear that Amity was enjoying the sight. Luz gave her an "I told you so" smirk. Amity's face turned red and she proceeded to covered it in embarrassment.

Luz gently grabbed Amity's hands and said, "I'm not asking you to put on an act for me, but it'd be nice if you could stop hiding it."

Amity began to cross her legs again. Then she felt something on her lips. Luz was kissing her. And then she felt a wave of desperation. Amity doubled over and stuck a hand into her crotch. "Oooooh," Amity moaned.

"I said you didn't have to put on an act for me," Luz teased. The girls laughed, and then continued kissing. Luz's kissing was intense this time, like she was sharing just how desperately she needed to pee. And Amity enjoyed every second of it. She reciprocated the intense kissing, but then her need to pee got bad. She felt her urethra pulsing, so she immediately pulled away, crossed her legs and jammed her hands into her crotch. "Ahhhhh," Amity moaned.

Luz was smiling. It looked like Amity had to pee more desperately than she did. It's only a matter of time before Amity wets herself now, Luz thought. "If it's too much for you, we can continue watching TV instead," Luz offered.

Amity nodded weakly while squirming around a lot. She kept her hand in her crotch while Luz was selecting the next thing to watch on TV. She noticed that Luz selected an episode of the Azura TV spinoff series. That series kinda sucked, but because of her full bladder, she didn't really feel like complaining to Luz right now.

Little did Amity know that Luz chose a very specific episode of the TV spinoff series.

"You can't do this, Ket! There are innocent people in that village!"

"But Hecate, think of all the demons that we could wipe out from flooding that village. Hecate, this war is bigger than any of us, any small victory will get us closer to defeating the King of Demons"

"You lied to us Ket. We won't let you do this! Hecate and I will stop you!"

"Ha, you may be holding the detonator in your hands Azura, but sooner or later, those geysers will overfill the reservoir, and those explosives are made of pure lithium. They'll explode when exposed to the water. The water that will inevitably leak from the overfilled dam."

Amity was hating this analogy. She now knows exactly what Luz is trying to do, but it's too occupied by her desperation to complain. She continued to squirm and stuck a hand into her crotch. Then, she gave Luz a mad, pouty face. Luz smirked back at her.

"He's right Azura, keeping your finger on that button is preventing the remote detonation, but once that water hits the explosives on the other side of the dam, they're gonna go off. Our only hope now is for Pokka to disarm those explosives."

They watched in horror as the reservoir got fuller, and fuller, until the water started leaking from the top of the dam.

"Whoooosh"

"BOOOOM!"

"No!!!! Pokka was too late!"

Amity let out a gasp. She was peeing her pants now. She stuck a finger into her peehole to try and stem the flow, but pee kept gushing out of her. She managed to stop the leak after about 30 seconds, but by then her pants were soaked. The entire time, Luz was watching Amity with a big smile.

Amity knew what Luz was thinking. "Let me see proof that you haven't wet yet," Amity requested.

Luz carefully took off her pants and did a twirl while standing to show Amity that her cotton white panties were still dry. Her bladder bulge was very noticeable and her panties were stretch out quite a bit by it. Then Luz had to double over and stick her hand back into her crotch after the twirl. Amity chuckled at Luz's performance. "Alright, what's my first punishment?" Amity asked.

"Well you sound eagar to get this over with" Luz replied.

"Well I still have to pee really badly," Amity pouted. Her finger was still plugging up her pee hole

Luz set a 10 minute timer on her phone then said, "Alright, let's go to the bathroom, you have to listen to my pee stream now."

###

A/N: I decided to experiment with the dialogue by not stating who's talking when the TV is the thing creating dialogue in the story. Let me know if it's too confusing to follow along to.

*064*2022-03-25 05:21

{{On 3/12/2022 at 3:06 AM, Golden Guard said:

Chapter 10: So Much Pee, So Little Time

"You're too late. This is between me and her. Go back to your pathetic village. I have no quarrel with you witchling."

"You're wrong. Hecate is my ally now, and I won't let you hurt her. And I am no longer a witchling, haven't you heard? They call me The Good Witch Azura now!"

Amity had to pee, badly. The movie was getting good, and the fight scene was very well animated. But it was hard for her to focus with her bladder nagging at her. In her peripheral vision, she could see Luz tightly crossing her legs and squirming. Amity decided that she was going to use her "I don't need to pee yet" intimidation tactic again. But without support, the strength she constantly needed to supply to her sphincter was wearing her down.

"Nooooooooo!" Amity heard Luz exclaim. She looked at the screen and saw Azura turning to ash. But she read the book, she knew that this was a fakeout death and that Azura would come back to life in act 3. But she was too distracted by her bladder to notice the fight scene.

Amity reached over and gave Luz a hug to comfort her, despite the fact that Luz told her that she's watched this movie 2 times already.

After Luz stopped sobbing, she looked up at Amity and asked, "Do you have to pee yet?"

Amity hesitated for a moment. "No."

"Are you lying to me mi amor?" Luz asked.

"Ok, maybe a little bit," Amity lied again.

"Well I have to go really badly," Luz said, she stuck a hand in her crotch and squirmed a little to emphasize her point.

"Are you surrendering?" Amity asked with a smile.

Luz laughed. "Ha, no! I haven't wet myself yet. But I don't believe that you're that far from wetting yourself either," Luz responded with a smirk.

"Ha, my bladder is perfectly fine right now. Here, I'll prove it," Amity said. She grabbed her half empty water bottle and drank some water. She felt her bladder screaming at her to stop, but she braved through it.

Luz pouted, but then started to drink as well. She made sure to drink slightly more than Amity, and then showed her the extra emptiness in her bottle to get Amity to drink more. Amity hesitated, but then proceeded to drink the extra amount. Amity crossed her legs.

"Ha! You do have to pee!" Luz exclaimed.

"As I said, only a little bit," Amity lied again and put on a fake smile. Amity had to put on fake smiles for her entire life, so she was good at it. But Luz could see through Amity's charade and had a pretty good idea about how badly Amity really had to pee. Luz started fantasizing about Amity putting on a big display of desperation and tuned out the movie. She kept a hand jammed to her crotch and started gently rubbing.

They continued to 'watch' the movie. By the time the credits started rolling, both girls were desperate to pee. But Luz was the only one displaying this desperation. Luz's legs were crossed with a hand still in her crotch. Amity just had her legs squeezed together.

Luz scooted closer to Amity, removed her hands from her crotch and reached out to hold Amity's hand, and said, "I like seeing you desperate too."

"What?" Amity replied.

"I notice how you look at me," Luz said. "But I pretend that I don't see it."

Amity blushed. "I don't know what you're talking about Luz," Amity replied unconvincingly. She figured that it would be easier if she let the tension subside.

"I notice how you look at my legs when I'm desperate to pee." Luz stuck a hand in her crotch and started squirming. And it was clear that Amity was enjoying the sight. Luz gave her an "I told you so" smirk. Amity's face turned red and she proceeded to covered it in embarrassment.

Luz gently grabbed Amity's hands and said, "I'm not asking you to put on an act for me, but it'd be nice if you could stop hiding it."

Amity began to cross her legs again. Then she felt something on her lips. Luz was kissing her. And then she felt a wave of desperation. Amity doubled over and stuck a hand into her crotch. "Oooooh," Amity moaned.

"I said you didn't have to put on an act for me," Luz teased. The girls laughed, and then continued kissing. Luz's kissing was intense this time, like she was sharing just how desperately she needed to pee. And Amity enjoyed every second of it. She reciprocated the intense kissing, but then her need to pee got bad. She felt her urethra pulsing, so she immediately pulled away, crossed her legs and jammed her hands into her crotch. "Ahhhhh," Amity moaned.

Luz was smiling. It looked like Amity had to pee more desperately than she did. It's only a matter of time before Amity wets herself now, Luz thought. "If it's too much for you, we can continue watching TV instead," Luz offered.

Amity nodded weakly while squirming around a lot. She kept her hand in her crotch while Luz was selecting the next thing to watch on TV. She noticed that Luz selected an episode of the Azura TV spinoff series. That series kinda sucked, but because of her full bladder, she didn't really feel like complaining to Luz right now.

Little did Amity know that Luz chose a very specific episode of the TV spinoff series.

"You can't do this, Ket! There are innocent people in that village!"

"But Hecate, think of all the demons that we could wipe out from flooding that village. Hecate, this war is bigger than any of us, any small victory will get us closer to defeating the King of Demons"

"You lied to us Ket. We won't let you do this! Hecate and I will stop you!"

"Ha, you may be holding the detonator in your hands Azura, but sooner or later, those geysers will overfill the reservoir, and those explosives are made of pure lithium. They'll explode when exposed to the water. The water that will inevitably leak from the overfilled dam."

Amity was hating this analogy. She now knows exactly what Luz is trying to do, but it's too occupied by her desperation to complain. She continued to squirm and stuck a hand into her crotch. Then, she gave Luz a mad, pouty face. Luz smirked back at her.

"He's right Azura, keeping your finger on that button is preventing the remote detonation, but once that water hits the explosives on the other side of the dam, they're gonna go off. Our only hope now is for Pokka to disarm those explosives."

They watched in horror as the reservoir got fuller, and fuller, until the water started leaking from the top of the dam.

"Whoooosh"

"BOOOOM!"

"No!!!! Pokka was too late!"

Amity let out a gasp. She was peeing her pants now. She stuck a finger into her peehole to try and stem the flow, but pee kept gushing out of her. She managed to stop the leak after about 30 seconds, but by then her pants were soaked. The entire time, Luz was watching Amity with a big smile.

Amity knew what Luz was thinking. "Let me see proof that you haven't wet yet," Amity requested.

Luz carefully took off her pants and did a twirl while standing to show Amity that her cotton white panties were still dry. Her bladder bulge was very noticeable and her panties were stretch out quite a bit by it. Then Luz had to double over and stick her hand back into her crotch after the twirl. Amity chuckled at Luz's performance. "Alright, what's my first punishment?" Amity asked.

"Well you sound eagar to get this over with" Luz replied.

"Well I still have to pee really badly," Amity pouted. Her finger was still plugging up her pee hole

Luz set a 10 minute timer on her phone then said, "Alright, let's go to the bathroom, you have to listen to my pee stream now."

###

A/N: I decided to experiment with the dialogue by not stating who's talking when the TV is the thing creating dialogue in the story. Let me know if it's too confusing to follow along to.

}}

Chapter 11: Emergency Measures

The girls hobbled to the bathroom, with their hands still attached to their crotches. Luz stood in front of the toilet, took off her panties, then used her fingers to spread her labia apart, and then started to pee while standing. Except that her pee stream wasn't as forceful as it normally was when Luz had to pee this badly. It started out as squirts of pee, then it became a slow trickle, then a small stream. Even though the pee wasn't coming out as forcefully, it was still just as loud because Luz was standing while peeing. The extra height meant that gravity was giving Luz's pee some extra noise when it hit the water in the toilet bowl, and it was super agonizing for Amity. Luz really did have a dark side to her. She was just gonna stand there peeing slowly, so that her pee would last longer, while still being just as loud for Amity to hear.

This wasn't without consequence for Luz though. Luz's bladder was screaming at her to forcefully release her pee. Her stream wasn't steady, there were periods when her pee came out more forcefully than Luz intended. And there was an aching feeling coming from her bladder and her urethra, the aching that was telling her to empty her bladder faster. But Luz was also enjoying this feeling, this mixture of relief and desperation at the same time. And on top of all that, she saw the effect it was having on Amity. Amity's legs were tightly crossed, and she was squirming so much. Luz could see that she kept her hands inside her panties to directly plug up her urethra. "Oooooh," Amity moaned. Then, Amity's already wet pants started darkening even more.

Upon seeing this, Luz stopped her pee stream. She felt her bladder and urethra burning, mad that she was denying herself relief. She clamped her legs together for a few seconds, then she went over to Amity and said "It's my turn to plug your pee hole now"

Amity obliged. She allowed Luz to stick her finger into her urethra. It was still squeezing out pee as Luz placed her finger there, but then Amity willed herself to stop. She didn't want to cover Luz's finger with her urine, despite the fact that it was exactly what Luz wanted. Luz's touch felt magical to her. She felt so much pleasure coming from Luz's finger, she wished that Luz would just move her finger a little bit more higher up, just a few more centimetres...

Suddenly, Luz pushed on her bladder. "AHHHH!" Amity screamed. Her pee was now pulsing out of her and onto Luz's finger. It was just spraying out, soaking Luz's hand in the process.

Luz started rubbing Amity's bladder. She could feel the roundness of the protruding bulge. Luz couldn't help but wonder if this was what Amity's breasts felt like. Maybe she could feel them another day. Then, Luz felt a wave of desperation and had to clamp her legs together. She barely emptied her own bladder. But playing around with Amity's bursting bladder was worth the pain.

Amity continued to feel immense desperation and continued leaking urine squirt by squirt on to Luz's finger. She could tell that Luz was enjoying this, but she still wanted to hold her pee in as long as possible.

Then, Luz gave her bladder another, much more harder push. Amity painfully yelled "OW! HOOTY!!"

Luz stopped what she was doing, lifted Amity up, and placed her on the toilet, while helping her take off her pants. "Oh shoot, I'm hurting you. Sorry Amity, you can pee now." Luz said.

"Thanks Luz, I know you didn't mean to, but that was just too much for me." Amity replied. Then Amity grabbed Luz, and pulled her in for a kiss. She wanted to feel Luz's lips while she was peeing. Amity felt some light tapping on her arm, another signal for them to pause, so she pulled away and asked "What's the matter Luz?"

"I still haven't completely emptied my bladder yet, and that kiss caught me by surprise," Luz said. Amity looked at Luz's pants and saw a dark spot growing on Luz's crotch.

"Sorry Luz, you can go pee in the bathtub."

They were both still turned on by each other's desperation and witnessing the other peeing, but they didn't want to hurt each other, so they decided to stop for now.

Luz stepped into the bathtub, spread her labia, and began peeing full force. It was loud hearing two forceful jets of pee, one hitting the toilet bowl, and the other hitting the porcelain of the bathtub.

After they were done emptying their bladders, there was an awkward silence. They were both staring at each other, naked from the crotch down. Then, at the same time, they both noticed that they were staring at each other for too long. An even louder silence filled the room as the girls buried their red faces into their pee soaked hands. Then Amity started laughing and said "I forgot my hands were covered in pee."

Luz started to laugh too. "Same, except my hands are mostly covered in your pee". The two girls laughed some more.

Then Amity's tone turned serious as she stated, "Luz, today was fun I've never had such an extensive opportunity to explore my body like this before, and I'm glad I shared this experience with you." The girls continued blushing. "But my bladder is tired now so I think I'm gonna call it a day on this whole body exploration," Amity continued.

"Ok I understand, I also had a lot of fun today too! I hope I didn't hurt you too much," Luz replied.

"I forgive you Luz, and don't worry, I'll live. But, it looks like we both need to clean ourselves up. And there's only one shower in this bathroom," Amity stated. Her face was burning red.

"Aw that's a shame, I guess you'll have to wait outside. I'll let you know when I'm done," Luz replied.

Amity gave Luz a look that was a mixture of disbelief, shock, confusion, rejection, and sadness.

"I'm just kidding Amity, come on in, there's room for the two of us!" Luz exclaimed.

Amity didn't think she could blush any more. But she felt her face burning intensely as she saw Luz strip down. Amity did the same and saw that she was having the same effect on Luz. She had a big grin. The two girls entered the shower to clean themselves up. Both of them found it hard to look at each other, but also found it hard to look away at the same time, especially at each other's breasts.

It was very awkward, but the girls enjoyed seeing each other wet and naked. Then, Luz began blow a whole lot of bubbles onto Amity's face and started laughing. Amity did the same and they ended up having a bubble fight.

Eventually, they both exited the shower and got dressed. Amity let out a yawn.

"Are you tired batata?" Luz asked.

"I could use a nap." Amity replied.

"There's space for two on my bed." Luz suggested.

They held hands and walked to Luz's bed. They got in, gave each other a kiss on the lips, and then fell asleep while holding hands and facing each other.

THE END

###

A/N: Thank you for taking the time to read my first series and for all the wonderful compliments you've all given to me! I have a one more one-shot idea that I'll post, probably one week later. But after that, I'm gonna take a long break from writing cause it's exhausting. I hope you're all enjoying S2B as much as I am, cause man, we got a ton of Lumity in the first episode back. I was not expecting it, but it made me very happy!

*065*2022-04-05 05:20

New story just dropped:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/76088-the-hexside-school-play/?do=embed"

