The great omo city

Author: Guest Ionillon

*000*2020-09-04 21:18

Hello there I have been lurking around for a while and I thought it was about time I got an account. This will be the first time I've written out an omorashi story and I really hope it goes well.

Out there, there is a city. A city somewhere in Canada. It's placement is out of the way as not to be in the way. This city is called omo city, a place where anyone can come and live an omorashi fantasy.

Maria

"Is it really true? That a place like omo city can exist!?" Maria exclaimed. Maria is a 20 year old woman, single, with flowing blond hair, pale skin, blue eyes, and an hour glass shape to her. Ever since a young age, Maria has loved omorashi, but she never shared this secret, she never wanted to change her relationships with her friends and family. To hear there was a place where omo was a major part of the culture seemed like some sort of myth, but it was true.

"This is perfect!" Maria said in a more calm but still excited voice. Maria was already planning on moving out, so she was already half way ready to move. After days and months later she was finally ready to move in to omo city.

(to be continued)

*002*2020-09-07 05:42

{{34 minutes ago, CMag19 said:

There isn't much to this story at the moment, but I think it's got potential. Keep up the work.

}}

Thanks I was in a bit of a rush while writing this. The next installment will be more interesting (AKA more omo)

*003*2020-09-07 06:21

Also I have a whole back log of ideas for the story, so the only limiting factor is getting time to actually write it

*004*2020-09-10 18:47

Chapter 1 initiation

"welcome to omo city!" Read a sign just outside of town. "I can't believe I'm finally here!" Maria exclaimed. She drove through town looking for her new apartment and when she found it she walked in. She made her way to the front desk and said, "hello there, I'm here to move in", the lady at the front desk looked up at Maria and then replied, "Ah yes we've been expecting you." 

The lady then rose from the counter and started to guide her to her room, it wasn't anything special, it had the five basic rooms. Most of the rooms were painted white. As soon as Maria left to go get her stuff from the moving van, the lady asked, "are you new here, to omo city?"

"Yes." Maria replied, the lady then handed her a slip of paper, "go to this address at this time tomorrow, these people will show you around." And with that the lady left. As she was leaving Maria noticed a giant wet splotch on the seat of her pants and looked down, the lady left a giant wet puddle on the floor where she was standing. Maria decided to ignore the fact she never seemed desperate or fidgety and got to unpacking. As soon as the bare minimum was unpacked it was late and very dark outside. So Maria drank a bottle of water and went to sleep.

When Maria woke up she felt wet to no ones surprise, she drank a whole bottle of water intentionally to cause herself to wet her bed. But she still felt great. The time Maria was supposed to arrive was around 10:30 am and the paper said to come dry and empty. 

After complying with the note she headed off to the address. She arrived at a small house, it probably didn't have more than 8 rooms total, Maria went to knock on the door a black woman answered she was about average height, had her hair in dreadlocks and had a triangle shape to her. "Are you the new girl?"

"My name is Mya Nice to meet you!" The girl held out her hand Maria took it, "N-nice to meet you too, my name is Maria" Maria said nervously. Maria found Mya a little too out going. "Come inside I have something I want to talk to you about!" Maria invited. As Maria followed her to a couch she saw a nondescript Asian girl. As they all sat down Mya started with "you two are new here right?" Maria and the Asian girl nodded. "Well I take it upon myself to welcome ew comers with a sort of initiation." She threw 2 water bottles at Maria and the other girl "Let's do a holding contest!" The Asian girls face lit up and she nodded profusely. Maria was hesitant but still excited. Maria looked at the bottle and it came from a brand called "hydurinate". " You can't find that water anywhere else" Mya stated, "it's an omo city exclusive that make your urinary system work faster, I'm sure you can see what it's used for here!" Mya said with a smile.

Everybody then started to drink the water. 10 minutes later everyone is bouncing up and down in desperation, the water was made to work fast to make situations more... interesting. 5 minutes later the asian girl let out a Yelp and tiny streams of urine began trickling down her legs (she was wearing a skirt). She quickly gave in and started peeing full force as she collapsed to the ground. Once she was done she wore an embarrassed yet aroused smile on her face and she whispered "never gets old!". Mya gave her a quick wink while Maria was focusing on holding back the tsunami in her bladder. Seeing the Asian girl's display made her 10 times as desperate and she was now barley holding it together. 

After 2 minutes of losing and regaining control she caved and let go. The pee cascaded all over her tight jeans and it filled her with warmth and pleasure as a loud hiss filled the room. As soon as Maria finished Mya says, "that's my que" and another hiss begins to fill the room. She turns around and crouches to show off her butt, but instead of a growing wet spot a bulge was forming around her privates. Then suddenly the bulge popped and urine splashed all over her pants. "It's another omo city exclusive" Mya started, "when you pee they fill up like a water balloon and pop when they reach maximum capacity. It feels amazing!" The look on her face confirmed that. "There is more omo products in omo city, you can find them at omo mart" Mya then handed Maria and the Asian girl a flyer "it's a flyer, it was supposed to be for tourism but the mayor scrapped that idea very quickly, now I give them to newbies so the know what to expect here."

"Thank you very much for this!" Maria exclaimed "I never thought I would meet someone like you on my second day!"

"Don't mention it. I do this for fun, and to help other people have fun!" Maria left shortly after that and started towards the fabled omo mart.

(to be continued)

*005*2020-10-04 08:28

Hello, I know it's been a while but I've been busy with life stuff but now that I'm free let's continue the story

Chapter 2

Omo mart was a strange place. It was a special branch of walmart unique to omo city,as not only did it serve as a normal grocery store it also doubled as an omo city merch store. After Maria was done shopping for normal things like food and other things, she headed towards the omo section. The omo section consisted of several aisles of omo products and souvineirs. 

One shirt in particular caught Maria's eye, it was a sky blue short sleeve shirt that had yellow colored splash markings on the bottom of it with big shiney yellow letters on the front that say,"I pee myself and I'm proud!"

"Wow!" Maria whispered to herself,"it really is like what they said!" The whole aisle was filled with all kinds of shirts like these, along with pants, skirts, and even swimsuits that had yellow splash markings all flowing down inbetween the pant legs in an all too familiar fashion. Then Maria reached an interesting aisle, the aisle had rubber pants along with the hydurinate water that she drank earlier today, and it even had those bulger panties that mya told her about!

"So this is where it all came from." Maria said to herself. She then proceeded to buy some more of the hydurinate water along with a pack of bulgers that she would use later. Right before Maria went to the check out she realized that she needed to pee, she thought about going right here, but she was still too self-conscious of her fetish to do it in the middle of the store even though there were drains in the floor that were there to take care of the mess. As she was looking for a bathroom her need to pee increased steadily and when she found the bathrooms she was bursting! Inside the bathrooms there were your usual stalls,but there was a special kind of stall labeled an omo stall. 

When Maria looked inside it was just a lonely chair, a faux leather chair that had a settings dial in the side of it that would change the dip of the chair so that it could either hold puddles or spill it's contents all over the floor, just for it to flow into another drain in the floor. Maria sat in the chair and set the dip to maximum and started peeing full force. It felt amazing as relief flooded over her body as the urine kept puddling under her butt soaking the rear end of her pants as the urine overflowed onto the floor. Maria reset the chair and exited satisfied.

(To be continued)

*007*2021-02-15 09:31

I'M NOT DEAD

Sorry about that... I've been busy with life stuff but now I'm ready to write the next chapter!

Chapter 3 Yellow stained heatwave

It was a normal day Maria thought as she woke up until she check the weather. It was surprisingly hot for the Canadian usual, which was still not that hot... But it was enough to justify something. Maria had wanted to improve her shyness, so she was going to go on a desperate walk. Marie had neglected to take her morning pee and drank a bottle of hydrurinate before heading out. She was wearing one of the shirts she had bought at omo mart that had the words "accident prone" formed out of what appeared to be puddles of urine on the ground, and she wore a short sky blue skirt that had suspicious yellow splotches drawn on them. But underneath the skirt were the bulger panties she had bought.

After about 10 minutes Marie was desperate for relief, but she intended to keep walking until she burst! After about ten minutes Marie saw a strange building in the distance, but she was at her limit. She then started uncontrollably gushing out urine as the bulger panties started to expand around her butt. They soon exploded in front of the whole street in a magnificent splash of yellow as she continued to release the contents of her tired bladder. After she had finished making her puddle, she realized quickly that her nether regions were exposed, but luckily her dress covered her backside enough. Now that Marie was no longer distracted, she could focus on the strange building she saw earlier. To Marie's surprise, it was a swimming pool, made for these warmer days but there was something special about this pool... It was made to be peed in!

To be continued

*010*2021-02-21 17:27

{{On 2/15/2021 at 11:56 PM, HopBop said:

It’s an alright story. Pretty weirded out by the concept of a whole city, rather than just a resort...

}}

To be honest with you, I hadn't even thought about a resort . I probably would have done that if I'd have thought about it!

