The Accidental 24-Hour Hold - Page 3

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2024-09-25 10:09

{{On 3/5/2016 at 3:34 PM, Guest DESPERATIONMAN said:

9:58pm

Alice breathed heavily, as she entered the lift up to her floor. She couldn't believe she was only a few minutes away from relief. She willed her aching bladder to hold on for just a few more minutes. Her knickers were already damp with pee, and yet she was still unbearably bursting for the loo. She felt as though a single drop of liquid entering her bladder would be enough to make her explode. A quick spurt of urine leaking reminded her she wasn't out of the woods yet, and having her hands pressed firmly on her pussy was about the only way to prevent a waterfall leaving her urethra. The lift came to a halt, but alas, she wasn't at her floor yet. She debated leaving the lift and using the toilets on second, but she knew it was quite a walk to the loos on that floor, and she was aware that there was every possibility that she might wet herself in front of all her colleagues. A guy got in the lift, and pressed the button to go to the same floor as her.

"Hi" he said. Alice could only manage a feeble wave, hoping he didn't notice how dire her situation was. They would only be in the lift together another twenty seconds, and then she could finally wee. She imagined the torrent of urine leaving her urethra, twenty hours worth of pee finally being emptied out of her bladder. The orgasmic relief almost overwhelming her body, as every last drop of wee left her body. Overcome by yet another spurt exiting, she clutched her crotch a little harder as the lift came to a stop. She just had to compose herself for a few more seconds, then she could let it all flow out. The guy looked at her oddly, as she stood by the door, hopping from foot to foot. The colour drained from Alice's face, as she realised the door wasn't opening.

"No, no, no!" Alice wanted to burst into tears, as she felt another streak of pee slide down her legs.

"Oh shit, I think the lift is stuck," the guy exclaimed, before realising Alice's predicament. "Are you okay?"

"No," Alice could barely speak, as her desperation threatened to overwhelm her.

"Do you need to pee?" he asked.

Alice slowly nodded her head, as tears filled her eyes. A wet patch once again spread across her crotch, and she had to clench with all her might to prevent all full-blown accident. She fell to the floor, realising her hopes of ending the night with her dignity intact were looking slim.

}}

