Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Universe 6 Story; Caulifla's Pee Fun

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-12-03 18:01

During the Tournament between Universe 6 & Universe 7 other events unfold on Planet Sadala. Caulifla, a Saiyan Fighter Prodigy, was enjoying her time back at her place with Kale and no one else around.

Caulifla: *Yawns*

Kale: Uh Sis...

Caulifla: Yes, my protegee

Kale: Um since it's just the 2 of us alone her can we... um... well... train again?.... puh-please?

Caulifla: Sure but first I got to take a piss care to join me?

Kale: *Shocked* Well I don't really... well... you know... need to go that bad... really

(Caulifla see's Kale squirming & holding her crotch)

Caulifla: Nonsense. I can tell you need to go too, hey why won't we just go together here. What do you say?

Kale: Well if it's with you... then... sure... I will

Caulifla: Let's make this interesting *takes off clothes*

Kale: *Shocked* Huh!? Um... Sis... what are you doing!?

Caulifla: Taking off my clothes so I can feel more comfortable peeing. Now let's get you out of your clothes too.

Kale: That's okay Sis... I'll just only... well you know... take off my Black Short Leggings.

Caulifla: Oh okay then. That works too.

(Caulifla's goes to the left side to pee stand up on her wall)

Caulifla: *Starts peeing like a loud water hose* Oh hell yes! Feels so great! Hey Kale care to join in any second now!?

Kale: I'm coming... *walks towards Caulifla's location* I'm just going to squat *nervously starts to pee*

Caulifla: *Stops her pee for a few seconds* Having trouble my protegee?

Kale: Well... kind of... um...

Caulifla: I got an idea, we'll pee together *smiles*

Kale: Huh? What do you mean?

(Caulifla squats behind Kale, grabs Kale up to her body)

Kale: What the!? Sis... um... what are you doing!?

Caulifla: Don't worry, like this we can both pee together at the same time. This'll be fun.

(Kale starts to actually pee but gets her Red Skirt wet by accident & Caulifla continues to pee)

Caulifla & Kale: Aaah! *sighs*

Kale: (Wow both me & Sis doing this kind of thing together is so odd yet I kind of enjoy it) *giggles*

Caulifla: See how fun this is Kale? *chuckles* Don't worry in the mean time we'll get you a new Red Skirt and I'll wash up.

(Both stop peeing)

Caulifla: Okay then, that's that. Time for me to wash up you want to come & wash up with me?

Kale: Um... in a sec... I'm just gonna sit here for a bit...

Caulifla: Alright then, see you in a bit.

Kale: (That was... pretty exciting... just makes me... want to) *Touches her sensitive area & gropes her left breast* Ah, ah, ah, oh Sis, ah, ah, oh yes...

Kale: *Now fingers her sensitive area & continues to grope her breast* Ah yes Sis, oh, ah, ah, ah... (I'm gonna pee again)

Kale: Sis, oh yes, oh sis, ah, ah, I'm gonna pee again--gonna pee again--Oh my! *urine gushes out of her* Awww.... *smiles*

Caulifla Shouts: Kale, are you alright!? Are you coming to the showers or not!?

Kale: Yes I am Sis. I'll be right there now. (Oh I came alright) *giggles*

Next on to a New Chapter...

