Lisa's Slave

Author: Guest Noodle

*000*2017-12-28 22:24

@@(Naturally) Tanned skin, prominent six pack, good grades, good looks, good at sport, polite, kind, messy puppy like black hair, Hi I'm Leo . I am adored and loved by everyone in school. I was asked out by Lisa the most popular girl in the school. Lisa was known to always hang out with her best friends who were twins Ria and Mia. I was unsure but Lisa invited me to the big house pool party she was having that evening (it was a Friday). That evening I arrived at her house in a white tank top that revealed my muscular arms and semi tight jeans secured by a black belt. When I arrived there were already many people laughing chatting and dancing. I had a five cams of coke while I chatted with random people I had never met. Lisa made a short speech then handed out cake. Soon the party was dying down and people were leaving and I received a text from Lisa. It read Wanna stay over for the weekend? I replied with a yes after receiving my parents consent and followed Lisa to the sitting room once the last guests had left. Lisa offered me lemonade and said if I drank 20 glasses she would kiss him. I drank 20 glasses and Lisa pushed me down onto the couch kissing him passionately after 30 seconds she stopped after she heard me groaning. “I don't feel so good” I said the world was spinning around me and I was blacking out. I was woken by the urge to pee and tried to move, my head ached. Then I realised I was bound my wrists were bound above my head and my legs were chained shoulder width apart, all I could do was move my head. “Awake my puppy” said Lisa as she walked towards me. “Hi Lisa could you untie me?” I asked as I felt another twinge of desperation. “Why should I?” she asked as she traced my abs with her fingertips

“I gotta go”

“Gotta go what?”

“Pee”

@@“Oh you want another drink” she said walking to me with a large bottle of water. “Drink” she ordered I refused. “Bad puppies that don't obey their owners will receive punishment. RIA, MIA BRRING THE PADDLES!” In walked the two ginger haired twins each holding an oversized wooden ping pong bat. “5 swings each” said Lisa. Ria raised her hand and delivered one smack to my bottom I grunted in pain another followed this time from Mia. This continued until 10 smacks had been delivered to my bottom. “Maybe if you beg me while crying and calling me master I'll let you use the toilet” she said. “I'd never do that ever you” I couldn't finish my sentence as I felt my bladder relax for a second and a spurt release into my jeans resulting in an obvious dark spot the size of a grape. “Oh no is my baby boy wetting his pants!” said Lisa. She walked up to me and pressed on my bulging bladder. I let out a pained anngh. “Please stop let me pee. Why are you doing this?” “You can pee do it right now and I'm doing this to break you, now DRINK!” She forced a gag into my mouth that cause me to keep my mouth open but allowed her to poor water forcefully down my throat. Having no choice I swallowed as she held my nose. Another spurt was released this time for longer. I couldn't hold it much longer. Lisa smiled “If you hold it for one more minute I will give you dinner.” I suddenly because aware of my hunger but began to focus on my aching genital which was hard from holding. Lisa pushed down on my bulging bladder as she whispered 30 seconds more into my ear after what felt like 30 hours I succeeded. Then Lisa pushed really hard on my bulge telling me to relax I tried to hold it but the pressure was too much so I wet my pants. I felt my hot urine trickle down my legs and felt a shudder of relief after a few minutes of peeing. As a reward Lisa fed me a delicious Taco and gave me a drink but only 20 minutes after the meal my bowels became restless. I tried to speak but Lisa had put the gag back in after my meal so any word I said sounded like gibberish. I wiggled my but from side to side and clenched my but cheeks wishing I could sit down or close my legs. “Does my baby want a spanking?” Asked Lisa but despite my rapid head shaking Mia and Ria reentered the room. I moved my butt more rapidly in an attempt to avoid my spanking but it was a bad idea. “Since you aren't being a good baby you will get 20 smacks on your bare bottom.” Lisa said. She slowly undid my trousers and pulled them down to my knees along with my black boxers. I felt heat rush to my face as I was exposed. Ria lifted her arm and I squeezed my eyes shut anticipating the first smack which caused me to scream in pain. After the fifth smack tears were already building up but I refused to cry otherwise I would show I was broken. Finally Mia delivered the 20th smack and I cried out for the last time but my desperation was now almost unbearable my anus was longing to release. Ria and Mia put my clothes back on then left. Then Lisa came up to me and jabbed with an injection and all my muscles relaxed liquid poop exploded into my jeans at first then I groaned as a thick log wriggled it's way into my skin tight boxers. Lisa smiled and took out my gag. I grunted as I another log slipped out It was so painful but I didn't know why. “Make it stop, It hurts It hurts” I cried. “How can I make it stop you are the bad boy pooping your pants on camera.” “Camera!” I cried as I saw the red blink of a video camera in front of me. When had that got there! I held my breath and grunted again as log after log was pushed out of my anus. “Make it stop” I said again my voice barely a whisper. “Goodnight baby I hope you will be done by morning” Lisa said sweetly she turned off the lights and left. I’m not sure how long I pooped for but when I woke up my butthole was sore and my eyes were puffy and probably a bit red. Soon my eyes focused and I realised My ankles and wrists were strapped to the wheelchair and I was gagged. “It's okay baby. Y

@@ou are cleaned up after your big mess. Now it is time for breakfast. There were two slices of toast, nothing else. My gag was taken out and I ate obediently surprised she wasn't forcing me to drink a lot of water. Then Mia and Ria entered the room with a gallon of water. I tried to break free, I didn't know what was in the water! “Goodnight baby” said Lisa as she injected me with something . “Hi baby boy” I woke up on all fours strapped down again. I was naked to but my gag was out. Someone was spreading my butt cheeks apart and trying to push something into my sore hole. “No stop that!” I cried my voice cracking. Then I jolted forward as lukewarm water rushed in. It felt okay at first but it was becoming more and more painful as my stomach began to swell. “No, NO I’M GONNA BURST” I screamed and wiggled my butt in an attempt to push whatever it was out. It was pulled out but something else was put into my butthole stopping the water from escaping. “Since you have been a bad boy by screaming you will be plugged for a few minutes and will stay in your dirty clothes for a day.”

“Please master let me get changed” I whispered

“What was that?” I couldn't bare to say it again it was too humiliating. After about 10 minutes Lisa undid all my bounds. I tried to get up and escape but my body felt weak and lifeless. “No” I struggled as she tied my hands above my head. Then she put some white boxers and white trousers fastened by a brown belt. I was then put into the crawling position again but this time on a table with wheels. I was locked in of course the gag was put in and I was wheeled to the sitting room to an audience. Ria, Mia and two unidentifiable adults sat on the couch. “Leo, this is my mum and dad, mum and dad this is Leo.” Lisa’a mum smiled “Is he a satisfactory toy for you Lisa”

@@“Yes I'll be trying something new on him tomorrow” she replied. My eyes widened in fear but I dared not speak to humiliate myself further. “Let the show begin” said Lisa. In a matter of seconds she unplugged my butthole then pulled my boxers and trousers back up as liquid and poop spilled from within. It was painful yet satisfying and my white trousers were brown in seconds. After my first enema I felt exhausted. My palms and forehead were sweaty but Lisa’s parents, Ria and Mia all clapped as if the show was normal. “Well done baby” Lisa whispered into my ear. “I was wheeled to the bathroom where my bounds were undone. The door was locked “You have 30 minutes to clean up then we will do homework” said Lisa from the other side of the door. I instantly removed all my clothes disgusted then I has a nice hot shower which soothed my aching muscles and sore butt. Once I was done I realised I had no spare clothes to wear. I called out to Lisa and she returned with one garment, an adult diaper. “I am not wearing that” I said my ears heating just at the thought of it. “Dad!” called Lisa and her dad appeared. I gulped the man was almost twice my height and probably twice my weight too. He grabbed me with one arm and dragged me to a familiar room from yesterday. He pushed me down onto a nearby table and handcuffed my hands above my head. Lisa handed him a gag. It had a baby dummy attached. He stuffed it in my mouth and secured it around my face tightly so I couldn't spit it out. “Lisa keep his legs up” said the man and she obeyed so my junk was out for all the world to see. He lifted up my bottom and slipped the diaper underneath he applied baby powder then secured the diaper then I heard something else click into place. A belt was padlocked around my waist so the diaper couldn't be removed! I struggled in an attempt to break free. “Bad baby, I think you deserve a smack from my dad” said Lisa. I was let free and attempted to escape however Lisa's dad picked me up easily and slung me over his shoulder and smacked my diapered bottom. My butt was still sore so I groaned in pain. I stopped struggling fearful of extra pain. “Good baby, Dad feed him the water then take him up to my bedroom. If he struggles spank him more.” Lisa left the room. Her dad removed the dummy them fed me the water and I drank it obediently. He then led me out the room his hand firmly around my wrist. I was grateful to be unbound and knew I had no chance of escaping. I arrived in Lisa's bedroom where she sat cross legged working on the table. Opposite her was my school bag. Lisa ordered me to sit in a straddle position. I obeyed and her dad strapped my ankles so I could not move my legs. Then he left. “How did my books get here?” I asked. “I called your parents and asked for them to drop them off. They also gave me your school uniform as they are going to pick you up on Friday.”

“But Friday was yesterday”

@@“Next Friday” she said smiling as a look of horror spread across my face. “No more questions now baby or there will be punishment.” I instantly grabbed my books and started on math. It was easy of course for someone as smart as me but as I was nearing the 20th question (of 45 questions) I felt the need to pee. I squirmed as my legs were apart and tried to concentrate but my bladder was too distracting. I shook my leg restlessly and wanted to curse Lisa as she watched me helplessly try to keep my diaper dry. Then I felt her foot rubbing my throbbing bladder and slowly pressing down. “Stop” I cried my hands rushing down to stop my aching penis from leaking. “No holding” she said. Lisa got up fro her seat and sat herself behind me she pressed on my bladder but I obstinately held myself. “Okay then” she said and nipped my ear this took me by surprise and before I knew it my bladder was deflating. My diaper was expanding. I was peeing Ina diaper like a baby. I choked back tears of embarrassment. I continued my work until Lisa said time was up but I had finished nearly everything. Ok baby go and get changed then it is time for bed. I was changed into a fresh diaper then put in a room with one bed, one locked door and no toilet. Lisa had forced me to drink another water bottle but I didn't feel any need to relieve myself and fell asleep easily.

I am in a pool surrounded by friends. I tell my bff I gotta go. She tells me to go in the pool. I agree and do so. Suddenly a dinosaur runs in and tell me I have a committed a crime and as a result I will be thrown in with the sharks. I swim as fast as I can but soon the shark’s jaws close in.

I woke up with a start my palms were sweaty my forehead was sweaty. I looked down. My diaper was full with my urine and a little had spilled onto the sheets. I had wet the bed in my sleep! Lisa walked in and laughed as soon as she saw my full diaper and wet sheets. “Couldn't hold it baby? You are such a bad boy.” She cooed. I wanted to sink into the ground. “Strip” she orders and I did so happy to get the diaper off. She allowed me to have a shower then told me to go to the dining room. I was met with a large spread. “Eat as much as you want but you MUST drink at least a gallon and a half of water.” Lisa commanded. I ate a little then drank a lot, ate a little than drank a lot. I felt full after a gallon but managed to power through another half gallon. “Here take this” she handed me a pill.

@@“What is it?” I asked. “Trust me you will need it” she replied. Somehow I believed her and took the pill. I blacked out only a few hours after waking up on the Sunday morning. I woke up naked and weak. I felt something stuck into my penis and something stuck into my butthole. I surveyed my surroundings. I was in the boot of a large car, gagged and naked! We were going out in public? I wriggled and thrashed as weird strangled screams escaped through the gag. “Afternoon baby we are taking you out into the forest for a little fun!” I wanted to cry the last thing I wanted to do was embarrass myself in public. I needed to pee real bad and I knew Lisa would not allow me to use one and take pleasure in watching me wet myself publicly. Suddenly we stopped. I heard the boot open and squinted as daylight poured in. I felt the strong burly arms of Lisa’s dad pick me up and then I was carried somewhere I was put down and I felt my legs wobble struggling to hold my body weight. My arms were wrapped around something and my wrists were handcuffed. I tried to pull away as my eyesight adjusted. I was handcuffed to a tree naked. I pulled as hard as I could but to no avail. I lolled to my left. Lisa, Mia and Ria were watching intently as they chomped on snacks. I shouted curses at them through my gag but my mouth was forced open so it sounded stupid. I felt my eyes widen as all my muscles involuntarily relaxed. I felt pee leave me but it wasn't spraying anywhere! I let out a shout as I felt liquid entering my anus! “Aww my baby is giving himself an enema!” said Lisa her camera flashed as she took picture after picture while the twins videoed from different angles. I tried to stop the flow but my own pee continued to flow back into my other end. I let out a groan as my stomach began to bloat and expand. “I think my naughty baby is enjoying it too!” She said as she heard me groan again. After about a gallon had entered my anus I felt like a ballon about to pop. “Make it stop” I screamed yet only pained screams left my mouth. Then I felt tears well up and stream down my cheeks. I was crying and breaking because of Lisa, I was reaching my tipping point. Lisa walked up to me and removed my gag as words rushed from my mouth. “I'll do anything master. I'm sorry for being a bad boy please let me stop filling my butt with pee please master.” Lisa smiled as she heard the words she had been longing to hear. I was finally submitting. She carefully pulled the tube that was in my penis out then she removed the one in my anus however she plugged my anus. “If you kiss my feet while repeating how much of a baby whore you are and how you like peeing and pooping yourself I'll unplug you butthole” said Lisa. Without a second thought I kneeled and repeated “I am a baby whore who loves to pee and poop himself.” I felt my face burning as I could feel her stare, her dad’s stare and Mia and Ria’s stares on me. ‘Lick” she ordered. I began to lick her toes her ankle in between each toe, everywhere, until she was satisfied. I stood up my stomach on the verge of exploding. I felt her apply something then strap something to my lower area. A diaper. “Here is your toilet” she said. I wanted to scream at her but I was desperate to be unplugged. Lisa slowly slid her hands into my diaper and spread my butt cheeks. She teasingly pushed the plug in and out and smiled at my groans of pain and slight pleasure. Then she yanked it out and rapidly removed her hand as brown liquid exploded into the diaper. Gallons of water were finally leaving my body and it felt great and I moaned throughout.

