Collaboration on pee fiction

Author: Green sigma

*000*2025-01-27 19:00

I am looking for a suitable candidate for collaboration on pee fiction. Please let me know if anyone is interested. Thank you.

*002*2025-01-28 04:10

{{2 hours ago, MaxMorgan said:

What do you mean by collaboration? I could be interested😃

}}

I mean brainstorming and even working on assembling a story for female pee desperation. Just straight up pee desperation. Nothing more. No sex or other kinks. No rape or violence. Just a female who waits too long and denied so many chances for the bathroom and eventually makes it, makes it with some wetting, wetting while making it and getting onto the toilet or doesn't make it at all. And with some visuals. I am currently assembling a story which is long and taking some time to finish.

*005*2025-01-28 15:44

{{2 hours ago, Kid_Omo said:

I might be willing to help you with this. It depends on what kind of work you're looking for and what you need help with.

}}

I do work on straight-up female pee desperation. That includes situations whereby the female has consumed too much and either waits too long or overslept, or is at a function that involves liquid consumption and unable to pee, many times denied the bathroom and either makes it, makes with some wetting, wetting while getting onto the toilet or arrives too late or never makes it. There is also choosing to pee in odd places too. Currently i am working on a fiction involving a student who drank too much coffee the night by before due to stress and woke up late for school.

She is unable to use it at home, tries at school but is unable to go. I haven't finished it yet but the story is supposed to end with the female student pissing in class willingly due to the overwhelming pressure and urge to pee. I always do extreme or long or extreme long holds and immense squirming from it. I am also planning on several stories involving modeling photoshoots, but I haven't brainstormed those yet, but one of them is supposed to be very racy.

*006*2025-01-28 20:22

{{6 hours ago, Kid_Omo said:

I might be willing to help you with this. It depends on what kind of work you're looking for and what you need help with.

}}

Still want to work with me.

*008*2025-01-29 22:14

{{12 hours ago, Kid_Omo said:

I'd definitely be willing to talk more about it.

}}

Right now, I am working on a story regarding a female student who is agonizingly bursting to pee. She is holding it as best as possible but she can't hold out forever. The story goes that she is denied many chances and faces obstacles that force her to do something she normally wouldn't do. That being urinating in class while surrounded by her peers during her history class or during a high school gathering in the gymnasium for listening to a speaker or viewing a film with loud noises, such as old footage of a war zone that lasts for more than several minutes.

At her absolute wits end, she just can't hold out any longer. She chooses to lower her underwear, and urinate. She does so while sitting at a desk and feet raised above the ground, and of course her book bag too. At last she has sweet relief and while everyone seemingly isn't aware of her, but then another female student exposes her and all eyes turned towards her. She can't stop the flow and the strength or intensity of the flow. She gets in trouble too. This poor girl is unable to get a break from all the judgments, and now it only gets worse.

*009*2025-02-02 15:00

{{On 1/28/2025 at 6:58 AM, Binu said:

I'm interested

}}

I am currently working in a story involving a female student who drank too much coffee and has a whole day of denied chances to the bathroom. At the very end, she chooses to piss herself in class. I am still working on the story but I am also thinking about several stories for different female models too. You have any ideas?

