Post-Movie Bathroom Line Roleplaying (The Owl House)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2023-09-22 18:16

WARNING: This is an omorashi fic with BDSM and smut.

It gets quite explicit after Amity wakes up.

This story takes place post-S3 timeskip, all characters are aged 18+.

"Amity, I have to pee" Luz whined.

"Can you hold it until we get home?" Amity asked.

"No." Luz stated. She grabbed her crotch for emphasis.

"There's a bathroom over there, but it looks like there's a long line" Amity replied.

Flashback

"Alright Luz, ready to play?" Amity asked

"Yes!" Luz exclaimed excitedly.

"Alright, remind me what our safe word is again?" Amity asked.

Luz rolled her eyes and replied, "It's Hooty".

"Yes, that's right. And remember Luz, our safe word is there to ensure that both of us feel safe and comfortable and don't take things too far. I don't want you getting hurt while we're doing this." Amity stated.

"I know, I know. I'm just a little impatient." Luz said.

"Alright, you don't have to wait any longer then cause I just bought you 48 oz of soda that I expect you to drink throughout our movie." Amity said.

Luz smiled gleefully and happily took the soda and began gulping it down as they sat down on their apartment couch and started watching The Good Witch Azura 2: The Betrayaling.

During the movie, Amity wrote the following GilderSnake script:

# random_timer_length.gs from random import uniform, seed if __name__ == '__main__': seed("Lumity") lower_bound = 15 upper_bound = 20 x = uniform(lower_bound, upper_bound) time = "{:.1f}".format(x) print(f'The bathroom line will require you to wait for {time} minutes!')

And hit run:

The bathroom line will require you to wait for 15.6 minutes!

Amity frowned a bit, knowing that the output was near the lower bound. But 15.6 min was still a long time to wait if your bladder was full. Plus, part of the fun is that Luz won't know exactly how much time she'll need to wait. She then continued to watch the movie with Luz.

Only 30 minutes into the movie, Amity noticed that Luz was starting to squirm around. She smirked as she knew the movie still had 90 minutes to go.

Some time later, Luz couldn't stop moving. At first, she was rocking back and forth in her seat. Then she was crossing and uncrossing her legs. Amity decided that now was a good time for some teasing. She swirled around Luz's soda and determined that there was about half of it left.

"Hey Batata, remember to stay hydrated. This movie is quite long after all" Amity teased.

Luz stared at Amity momentarily with hesitation. She knew what she had to do, but she didn't know if she could handle it. She grabbed her soda and began drinking it. The liquid entering her throat caused her bladder to spasm and she had to stick a hand in her crotch.

"Uh uh uhh" Amity said. "No using your hand to help you hold it until after the movie's over sweetie. Normally I'd punish you. But I'll give you a pass this time."

Luz groaned and gave her a pouty face. But she obliged. She just crossed her legs tightly until the spasm stopped. She continued to drink her soda as Amity requested.

"Good girl" Amity praised.

Luz gave her a weak smile and then continued to concentrate on the movie. It helps her forget her urge to pee after all.

Some more time passed and Luz's hands were gripping her thighs. She desperately wanted to grab her crotch, but she knew Amity would forbid her.

Then, she felt Amity's head in her shoulder.

Oh no, Luz thought. Head on shoulder means she's taking a nap, which means no disturbing her. If Luz moves or makes too much noise, she'll be punished.

Luz squeezed her legs together with all her might. She began to feel her sphincter weakening. Oh, how she wished she could squirm or cross her legs or rock back and forth, or even... grab her crotch... But no, it was clear to her that Amity was forbidding her from doing any of that. She shut her eyes hoping it would give her strength. But each second that passed she felt her bladder pulse with more and more urgency and her blood vessels were still expanding and contracting around that area, giving her bladder that pounding, throbbing sensation of desperation. Luz let out a quiet whimper.

Luz felt another big wave of desperation. But this time she couldn't do anything to help her sphincter. So she just let herself leak. For one second. No it was two. Ok maybe it was three. But it's not very noticeable... Hopefully... She felt her sphincter scream in agony as she closed her valve. The liquid still trying to force it's way out of her. The important part was that it didn't disturb Amity's nap.

The dampness in her panties wasn't helping. Oh no, the wetness made it worse, a constant reminder to her bladder that there's a lot more of that where it came from, and it wanted to come out. She looked down and was horrified when she saw the damp patch on her pants. Oh no, Amity's definitely gonna notice that, Luz thought. She'll just have to keep Amity asleep for as long as possible.

She kept trying to focus on the movie, despite the constant throbbing in her bladder. She so desperately wanted to cross her legs, or squirm around, or do anything to help herself hold. But the longer she kept Amity asleep, the longer she could delay her punishment.

Eventually, the agonizing ache of her bladder was too much for her. She had to cross her legs and squirm. The stirring woke up Amity who then rubbed her eyes before looking at Luz.

She immediately saw the dark patch on the crotch of her pants. A mischievous grin formed on Amity's face. "Did someone leak and wet their pants?" Amity teased. Luz nodded with a frown, dreading what was coming next.

"Oh Luz, I'm sure you already know that this means you'll have to be punished." Amity stated.

Luz squeezed her eyes shut and whimpered, "Just get it over with already".

"My pleasure" Amity replied. Amity proceeded to softly place her hand on Luz's bulging bladder. That was enough to force another whimper out of Luz's mouth. She softly grazed the palm of her hand around her round bulge, the way she would on her breasts. Oh Titan it was so teasingly soft. But Luz knew what was coming, and despite that, she wasn't ready.

Suddenly, Amity squeezed her bladder, in a way that would feel really nice if this was her boobs. But it wasn't, the pressure it exerted on Luz's bladder was overwhelming. She immediately doubled over and clamped her legs together. She felt another spurt of pee escape her urethra, with another throb in the same location threatening to spill more out. It took all of her willpower to close her sphincter and more so to keep it closed.

Thankfully, Amity released her hand soon after and it gave her just the slightest bit of relief.

"Well, it looks like your body is losing fluids, so it's important to rehydrate. Drink up!" Amity stated.

Luz obliged and reluctantly sucked in her soda again. She felt a shiver down her spine as the cold liquid entered her throat. She kept her legs tight together for the rest of the movie.

Despite the agonizing pain in her bladder, Luz was extremely turned on right now. This was the most dominating she's ever seen Amity and she was loving every moment of it. After all, not all the dampness in her panties was from urine at the moment.

Soon after, the credits of the movie started playing. Luz immediately started to stand up. But was pulled back down by Amity. "Nuh uh uh Batata, what if there's a post credit scene?" Amity stated.

Luz sat back down with a pout and let out a small moan. She needed a bathroom right now, otherwise her pants would be soaked soon. The credits went on for a few minutes. The throbbing of Luz's bladder just got more and more intense. She continued to rock back and forth and squirm around.

After the credits were over, it turned out there weren't any scenes afterwards. Luz shot Amity a dirty look, suspecting that she already knew that. Amity gave her a smile and held her hand. Luz's expression immediately softened. Holding Amity's hand was always a nice feeling, even if her bladder was screaming at her for being oh so overly stretched.

They walked out of the "movie theatre", well, Luz hobbled out, but as soon as they were outside, Luz said "Amity, I have to pee" with a whine.

"Can you hold it until we get home?" Amity asked.

"Nooooo" Luz moaned. She grabbed her crotch for emphasis.

"There's a bathroom over there, but it looks like there's a long line" Amity replied.

"It doesn't look that long, plus, I reeeeeally don't think I can hold it till we get home" Luz replied. She was doubled over and swaying back and forth as she said this.

"Alright, we can wait." Amity said. She pulled out her scroll and set a timer for 15:36.

Luz was doing a full on potty dance now. She was stepping side to side, shifting her weight back and forth, and her hand was firmly grabbing her crotch. She was so glad she could do the last one now that they were out of the theatre. She periodically let out moans of desperation, which was music to Amity's ears. She was just standing there and enjoying the show that Luz was putting on for her. Amity periodically checked her scroll for the time.

12:03

12:02

12:01

"You're being such a good girl Luz" Amity stated. "I think I have something that can help you hold it while you're in line"

"Yes, anything!" Luz exclaimed.

Amity walked up behind Luz, then slipped a hand down her pants and panties. It felt so damp, sticky, and warm down there. Amity smiled. "You can let go of your crotch now Luz" Amity said.

Luz let go with a whimper, but luckily, a split second later, Amity's hand was in it's place. She used her middle finger to plug up her peehole and gave it a slight massage. Luz let out a moan.

With her pointer finger, Amity started rubbing her clitoris. Luz let out a louder moan of pleasure. A lot of stimuli was coursing through Luz's genitals right now and it was almost overwhelming for her.

This went on for a few minutes until Amity felt a warm spurt hit her middle finger. She took her hand away from Luz and said, "I see your don't appreciate my help, I guess you can hold it yourself for the rest of the line then."

In reality, Amity enjoyed the warm feeling of Luz's pee gushing out on her fingers. But she needed an excuse to continue her role as the dom in this situation.

Pee started gushing out of Luz after Amity's hand disappeared, her pants now had a fist sized damp spot. She immediately jammed her own hand to her crotch to stem the flow. Her sphincter was aching so much with all this opening and closing. "Nooooo, I did enjoy it, I just need to pee sooooo badly." Luz whined.

"Well, I assume you know how to hold your own pee better than I do, so I'll leave you to it then," Amity replied with a smirk.

Amity felt a bit bad that she was being this cruel, but Luz's smile shortly after her statement reassured her that Luz was enjoying this too. Truth be told, her own panties were also getting damp and sticky. She looked at her scroll for the time.

7:56

7:55

7:54

"Ugh, is the line even moving?" Luz asked, while squirming.

"Oh yeah, we moved a few places up since we stood in line. It's just a pretty long line cause everyone else needs to use the washroom after the movie too." Amity replied.

Luz could feel her control slipping. She had no idea how long she'd have to wait in this stupid line. The agonizing pressure of her overstretched bladder was begging her to just release it all. Her aching sphincter was imploring her to just let it relax. And her wet panties weren't helping her situation.

But she's seeing just how much Amity is enjoying this. She doesn't even have to try that hard to put on a show for her, her body is just instinctively squirming around, rocking back and forth, her hands and legs in a pretzel position. Amity's been giving her bedroom eyes for the past hour. This was making them both really horny so it was all worth it.

6:41

6:40

6:39

Luz felt her body spasm as a huge wave of desperation washed over her. "Amity," Luz said, "I need your help, I can't hold it much longer!" Her hands were glued to her crotch while she doubled over.

"I thought my help wasn't very helpful" Amity stated.

"It was helpful!" Luz countered. "I'm just... so full right now. Please, I need you!" Luz begged. A gasp escaped from Luz's mouth and Amity saw the dark patch on her pants get bigger. "Please, you can do anything to me to help me hold!" Luz begged further.

Amity raised an eyebrow "Anything?" she asked.

"Yes, anything!" Luz responded.

Amity smiled. "Alright, I have one other method. You'll need to pull down your pants and panties though." Amity started to kneel down.

Luz quickly obliged and removed her pants and panties. The cold air hitting her pussy, as well as her lack of hand there caused her to leak even more pee. Thankfully, shortly afterwards, Amity's tongue came to the rescue and plugged up her peehole for her.

It took a bit of effort, but Luz managed to slow down her leak, into spurts, and then completely stopped the flow. Amity's tongue helped out, acting as a plug, but also giving Luz some pleasure.

Amity started licking around Luz's pussy. After the pee stopped coming out, she focused her tongue on Luz's clit.

A euphoric feeling washed over Luz as she enjoyed all the pleasurable feelings coming from her pussy.

As Amity started licking her clit in a circular pattern, Luz let out a loud pleasurable moan. Amity was glad that she had this effect on Luz. She still had to work on not suppressing her own moans whenever they were in the bedroom or doing spicy stuff like this.

Her mom never told her that she was against masturbation. But she didn't take any chances as a teen. She remembers the first time she masturbated, it was after their Grudgby game with Boscha. After she returned home that day, she just couldn't stop thinking about Luz being drenched in sweat. She was so close to Luz when she was being carried to the nurses office that she could smell her musky odor. She kept her mouth shut and was careful not to make any noises with her mouth as she was rubbing her crotch. It was very exploratory, at first, she didn't know where to rub to maximize her pleasure. It wasn't until she discovered the small nub at the top of her crotch that she finally struck gold and orgasmed for the first time.

The pleasurable feeling of Amity's tongue helped distract Luz from her aching bladder. Her moans continued to be a mix of pleasure and desperation. Amity's crotch started tingling with excitement, just like the first time she masturbated. She let out a moan that resulted in her mouth vibrating on Luz's pussy and that elicited a louder moan from Luz.

Shortly afterwards, Luz orgasmed and Amity drank up her juices and licked her pussy clean. This helped numb the aching feeling from Luz's bladder for a while so she pulled up her pants and panties and continued to wait in line.

2:35

2:34

2:33

"Ugh, how long is the line now? My bladder is absolutely bursting" Luz said.

Amity checked her phone. "Looks like there's just a few more people in front of us" Amity replied.

"Mmmmmmm, could this line go any faster? I don't know how much longer I can hold it!" Luz exclaimed with a moan.

"We're almost there, you're doing great Batata" Amity assured.

Luz could feel her pee at the edge of her urethra, threatening to spill out at any moment. Her bladder was throbbing with more urgency than she's ever felt before. She really needed to pee now.

And everytime she squeezed her crotch, she could feel the warmth and dampness of her panties. She didn't even know if grabbing her crotch was even helping anymore.

0:56

0:55

0:54

"Ooooooo, ohhhhhh" Luz moaned. "Amity, I gotta pee sooooo bad"

"We're next in line! Almost there Luz, you can do it!" Amity encouraged.

0:32

0:31

0:30

"Eeeeep" Luz squeaked. "Amity, it's coming out, I can't stop it!"

Amity saw dark streaks going down her crossed leggings.

0:19

0:18

0:17

Amity proceeded to use her finger to help Luz plug up her urethra again. "Come on Luz, just a little bit longer, don't let it all out yet" Amity said.

0:10

0:09

Amity felt the warm liquid gushing into her fingers. It was slowing down somewhat now that she was helping her plug it in.

0:08

0:07

0:06

The grimace on Luz's face and her moans of desperation were priceless. Amity was enjoying every second of this.

0:05

0:04

Amity gave Luz a kiss on the cheek and whispered in her ear "I hear the toilet flushing, so it's almost your turn. But I won't let you use it before I do unless you stop your stream before the timer is up." Amity crossed her legs and grabbed her own crotch for emphasis. She also didn't pee since before the movie started.

0:03

Luz shut her eyes and concentrated all her willpower on getting her sphincter to close. Oh Titan, it already felt exhausted. But she needed to if she wanted to save what was left of her dignity and so that Amity would allow her to use the toilet first.

0:02

"Ooh, ooooo, ah" Luz continued to make deep moaning sounds as she slowly closed her valve once again.

0:01

Amity felt the stream slow, and then stop right before her scroll rang with the Azura theme song to indicate that time was up.

***AZURA THEME SONG PLAYS***

Amity turned the alarm off and let Luz into the bathroom.

Luz immediately walked in, yanked down her soaked pants and panties and then began peeing out a torrent of a stream. "Ahhhhhhhhhhh" Luz moaned in relief.

Amity smiled watching Luz relieve herself in full view of her. Luz even opened up her legs so that she got a clear view of her pussy and the jet of pee coming out of it. She felt her own bladder spasm a bit at the sight, but she was able to hold it in. She kissed Luz on the mouth so that she could enjoy the vibrations of her pleasurable moaning from being able to void her bladder.

The sound of pee hitting the toilet water at high pressure reverberated in the bathroom causing Amity to grab her crotch. Eventually, the stream started to slow, and then it stopped. Amity was so horny at this moment, she wanted to continue what they were doing, but she also had to pee. So as soon as Luz's stream stopped, Amity proceeded to pull down her own pants.

"Nuh uh uh" Luz said. "I'm afraid the bathroom is now closed for cleaning and maintenance"

"But Luz, I haven't peed for the past 3 hours!" Amity complained.

Luz proceeded to close the toilet lid and flushed it, causing Amity to cross her legs at the sound. "Well that's a shame, the janitor is kicking us out of the bathroom, and the line outside looks longer than when we entered, so I'm afraid you'll have to wait till we get home. It's a good thing home is only an hour away" Luz said.

Amity's eyes bulged out "An hour?! Why did we pick a theatre so far from home?" Amity asked.

"Only the best theatre, one with IMAX 3D DBOX seating is worthy of premiering the Azura movies for us Batata" Luz replied. "Now let's get going, it's a long drive home after all."

Luz proceeded to grab Amity's hand and walked her out of the bathroom. Amity whimpered as she got so close to peeing, but was denied it at the last second.

FIN

