Long Lines at the Concert

Author: Goldwood

*000*2022-09-23 04:19

For all of its charms, Goldwood wasn’t exactly the most happening town in the world. It was big enough to show up on the map, but Danielle certainly hadn’t expected a band to stop on tour there. Rapidly was a rising alternative rock act in the music world who had just hit 100,000 followers on Spotify. Her friend Kimmy was a huge fan and knew a little too much about the personal life of their drummer who was a Goldwood College alumni. She and her friends couldn’t wait for the big night.

Danielle showed up to Kimmy’s place wearing jeans and a cute green top. Green had been her favorite color for years thanks to her mother insisting it brought out her eyes. She wasn’t wrong, and her flaming red hair looked stunning on days when she felt like putting in the effort. She knocked on the door and Kimmy opened it. “Hey girl!” Kimmy said.

“Hey Kimmy! Ready for tonight?” Danielle asked.

Kimmy grinned while fixing her brown hair. “Yep! The pregame’s already started in the kitchen.”

Danielle followed her inside and met more friends at the kitchen table. Standing proudly over a mixing bowl filled with a foul concoction was Emily, a petite Asian girl in a yellow sundress. Her boyfriend Dylan, a black haired pre-med student, stirred the solution around with a ladle. To Dylan’s right was their friend River, a natural blonde who had dyed a portion of her hair rainbow colored.

Emily waved to her. “Ready for some Emily Elixir?”

Danielle laughed. Emily was nearly a 4.0 student who would make an awesome attorney in the future. She was just as intense hanging out as she was in school. “Do I even want to know what’s in it?” Danielle asked.

“You’ll just have to drink and find out. I might have helped make it this time,” Dylan said.

Danielle laughed. “That’s even worse.” She took a sip and quickly succumbed to peer pressure as Dylan clapped his hands shouting “chug” and the others joined in. Emily refilled everyone’s cups and they said “cheers” just as Kimmy walked back in the room.

“I’d say make good choices, but I know it’s already way too late for that,” Kimmy said.

“When’s the show start again?” River asked.

“9, which means we need to be there at 8:30 which means we need to leave at 8:15 which means everyone needs to pee and grab their stuff now so we can leave as soon as David gets here,” Kimmy said.

“You’re such the mom friend,” Emily laughed.

“Well, someone has to be,” River said. “I’m too shy, Danielle’s too nice, and Emily’s too crazy.” While the other girls bickered about River’s assessment, Danielle could feel her heart flutter.

“David’s coming?” she repeated.

“Yep! Good dude. We’ve been workout partners ever since ultimate frisbee night,” Dylan said.

Emily flashed Danielle a wicked grin. “Ultimate night was so fun! Wasn’t it Dani?”

“It was quite something,” Danielle managed. When she met David that night she was blown away by how attractive, funny, and athletic he was. She then proceeded to overthrow a frisbee and hit him in the face.

Just when Danielle’s embarrassment subsided, David walked in. His brown hair had some sort of product in it to give it more volume and the look was definitely working on her. “Sorry guys, band practice ran a little long. Couldn’t figure out the right chords to end a song with.”

“Fuck. He’s a musician too??” Danielle thought.

“Anyway, we’ve got to leave in five. Get to it!” Kimmy said.

The apartment only had one bathroom, so a line formed. As Danielle started at the end, she caught David’s attention.

“Oh hey, Danielle how have you been?” David asked.

“I’ve been good, just a lot of working on my thesis lately. Grad school is something else,” Danielle said.

“It certainly is,” David said. He went on to talk about how he got his master’s in music education the semester before and worked giving private lessons. Danielle threw a couple of anecdotes about the stress of her geology degree. She wasn’t sure any of her stories were that funny, but David laughed out of politeness. There was just one problem.

“And it’s go time!” Kimmy shouted.

David turned to Danielle. “Shoot! Did you need the bathroom?”

“I’m good,” Danielle said quickly. She could certainly feel the Emily Elixir working its way through her system, but figured she’d hate to break the seal and need to go just a few songs into the concert.

The six of them piled into Kimmy’s car. With only five seats, Emily laid on the floor of the back as the smallest person. Kimmy navigated the streets of Goldwood pretty easily and in no time at all they were on campus at the Willis K. Goldwood Colosseum. The colosseum hosted games for the school’s basketball team, a huge source of pride ever since they upset Purdue in March Madness. The doors weren’t open yet and the line was about halfway down the steps.

“Should’ve gotten here earlier,” Kimmy grumbled.

“It won’t matter once the doors open,” Dylan said.

The look on Kimmy’s face said otherwise, but she didn’t argue. The group engaged in some small talk and Danielle subtly positioned herself closest to David as the doors opened and they let people inside.

“Oh thank God,” River said. “I think I drank too much Emily Elixir.”

“Riv didn’t you just pee?” Emily asked.

River reddened. “It’s been like thirty minutes. I wasn’t thinking and I broke the seal when Kimmy made us line up for the bathroom.”

“So now it’s my fault,” Kimmy laughed as they walked in.

Danielle turned to River as they walked. “I kind of need to go too,” she said, underplaying her own desperation.

“Then let’s go,” River said. “Anyone else need to go?”

There were no takers so the two of them headed to the bathroom themselves. The colosseum had two sets of bathrooms, one on the home side and one on the visiting side. Danielle grimaced at the line that was already out the door.

“Five stalls still isn’t enough at a basketball game or concert,” Danielle said.

“No kidding,” River said. Once they made it inside the bathroom, she jammed her hand into her crotch.

“How much Emily Elixir did you have?” Danielle asked. Her own legs were shaking, but River’s desperation looked next level.

“Three glasses…” River said. “I stupidly volunteered to be the taste tester for Emily and Dylan. And then when they finally got it right, it was really good!”

“Yikes that’ll do it,” Danielle said. She eyed the line. There were six girls ahead of them and five occupied stalls. She tried to steer they’re conversation away from their bodily needs, but it could only last so long.

Three people remained in line and River was doubled over. “I have to go SO BAD,” River complained. She crossed and uncrossed her legs while fidgeting with her hair.

“Only three more people. Think you’ll be fine?” Danielle asked.

“I hope so.”

Danielle froze. “She really isn’t sure if she’ll make it.”

For some reason, Danielle found herself transfixed as her friend all but danced on the spot. Her own desperation took a momentary back seat as she watched the spectacle before her. A stall opened cutting the line in front of River down to two. River shifted from crossing her legs to jumping up and down. Danielle felt awful for her, but there was nothing she could do about it either.

River cupped a hand to her mouth. “I just leaked.”

“Are you serious?” Danielle asked.

She nodded with a blush and pointed down to her grey athletic shorts where a golf ball sized wet patch was present. About a minute later, it became baseball sized. “I think I’m gonna pee myself,” River whispered.

Witnessing all of that seemed to slam a baseball bat into Danielle’s bladder. She felt a short spurt escape into her panties. The first leak wasn’t visible, but the second and third were. “Um River, I’m leaking too.”

“Not you too Dani!” River said. She then perked up at the heavenly sound of a stall coming unlatched. The door opened, but River’s joy was short lived. A girl on crutches made her way out, and the space required stopped River from moving past her. Once the girl on crutches was through, River dashed into the stall with a trail of pee dripping to the floor. She unleashed a torrent once inside. Despite her captivation earlier, Danielle was glad her friend had (mostly) made it.

Danielle leaked again at the sound of the flush from the stall next to River and shuffled in as fast as she possibly could. She yanked her pants down and peed for what had to have been a minute straight. She looked down, relieved that the majority of her bladder had made it into the toilet. She contemplated tossing her yellow panties in the trash, but they weren’t that wet and sitting in jeans without them seemed uncomfortable.

She left the stall and washed up. There was no sign of River, but she emerged a few minutes after Danielle was outside. “Did you make it?”

River giggled. “Technically.”

“Technically?” Danielle questioned.

“Well, the pants-to-toilet ratio was overall in the toilet’s favor in terms of catching more pee,” River said. “Those panties were completely soaked though,” she added with a blush.

“Ah the pants-to-toilet ratio. Did you learn that in your statistics class?” Danielle asked.

“Shut up. I won’t tell the others if you don’t tell,” River said.

“Deal,” Danielle said.

Danielle and River eventually reunited with the group and bought beers from the concession stand while the opening act started. They found their seats and Danielle even managed to land her coveted spot next to David. Soon the lights dimmed eliminating any chances of someone noticing the damp patch on her jeans that hadn’t completely dried. There was just one problem:

She’d broken the seal after chugging Emily Elixir and had already finished half of her beer. By the end of the second song, her bladder demanded relief again.

*002*2022-10-01 06:09

Under most circumstances, Danielle would’ve loved the concert. Rapidly played their hearts out and the crowd went wild, especially after Cody, their drummer from Goldwood, hyped the crowd up after the second song. Despite good music and good friends, Danielle’s mind remained fixated on her nagging bladder. She started to cross her legs just twenty minutes after her last pee, but promptly undid them. She rarely had any issues peeing around her friends aside from some light teasing if she was the first to go after a night of Emily Elixir or Kimmy Koncotion. Despite that, she just couldn’t bring herself to leave under 30 or even 45 minutes after her last pee. She had standards after all!

She bit her lip and continued to jam with her friends. She didn’t know all of the band’s songs, but they had a few covers thrown into the mix that caused everyone to belt their hearts out. After about six or seven songs, she checked her phone again. 38 minutes had passed. She looked around the colosseum but couldn’t quite bring herself to leave her yet. She and David were in the middle two spots, and she really didn’t want to inconvenience the others. Her solution was simple enough: when the next person had to pee, she would go with them. She quickly glanced around as if guessing who that might be. Kimmy’s legs seemed bent inward a bit, but it was hard to estimate. At a concert, the usual tell of foot tapping was completely meaningless after all.

Two songs later, she got a glimmer of hope. Emily leaned in towards Dylan and whispered something. Danielle looked over expecting to see Emily head towards the bathroom, but her friend stayed put and laughed at what must’ve been an inside joke with her boyfriend.

“Everything alright?”

Danielle nearly jumped when David addressed her in between songs. She felt a few drops leak, but brushed it off. “Oh yeah. I’m doing good! I just uh- forgot how loud indoor concerts can be.”

“Yeah, these guys go hard,” David said. He fixed his hair and Danielle tried to ignore him but wasn’t quite successful. Another leak of pee escaped, but thankfully no one noticed her grimace amidst the opening notes of the next song.

“Stupid perfect hair. Stupid tiny bladder!” Danielle thought. “I’m going to wait two more songs, then I am peeing!”

The first of those two songs finished. Danielle debated leaving, but stuck with her plan. She did notice an empty Dr. Pepper bottle on floor in front of Kimmy. While not alcoholic, 16 oz of soda could still pack quite a punch on someone who hadn’t gone since she left the house. River seemed to have recovered from her embarrassing moment earlier in the night and Emily was too far away for Danielle to gauge. “One more song then I’ll go, probably with Kimmy joining me,” Danielle thought. She’d be cutting things a little close, but it was a foolproof plan!

The next song played. Danielle could feel herself getting a little antsy by the end, but she swallowed her pride and got ready to ask River and Kimmy to let her out.

“Intermission time!” The lead vocalist shouted into the mic. “We’ll be back in fifteen!”

“Oh thank God,” Kimmy said. “It’s no Kimmy Koncotion, but that Dr. Pepper went straight through me!”

“So I was right,” Danielle thought. Not that realizing that meant anything with a crowd of people to get through.

“Well then let’s get a move on. I need to go to,” Danielle finally admitted.

“Guess it’ll be a group bathroom break then,” David said.

The six of them headed to the bathrooms, but there was just one problem. They were in Section H and had to get all the way to Section A. Kimmy headed off in a power walk and Danielle was right behind her.

“Wait for us! I’ve got little legs!” Emily shouted as she and River hustled after them.

Finally, they arrived at the bathroom where the line in the women’s room was predictably out the door. Kimmy craned her neck inside and turned towards them. “Looks like about twelve or thirteen people,” the brunette said.

“Yeah, I think I can wait,” River said. “Anyone want some merch? Just Venmo me after.”

“A medium tour shirt and love letter from Cody,” Kimmy said.

“I’m pretty sure he has a fiancée,” River said.

“Don’t ruin this for me!” Kimmy shouted.

Danielle laughed and quickly realized that it was a mistake. A few more drops escaped, but the leak was barely noticeable on her jeans. “You waiting in line too, Em?”

“Just to be safe,” Emily said quickly. Danielle nodded; well aware it was a lie. All other aspects of Emily’s personality pointed towards her being the one to pull her pants down and pee in alleyway if desperate enough. Despite that, she remained incredibly pee shy for whatever reason. Once Danielle had wound up in the stall next to her at a bar bathroom and even heard the words “Fucking finally” muttered under her breath followed by a monster stream.

“Move it Dani!” Emily snapped.

Danielle jolted back to reality at the cost of a penny sized wet patch on her jeans and moved up in line. It looked like two people had gone while she remembered that memory a bit more fondly than she anticipated. “Sorry!” she said. She was now fully inside the bathroom and had a definitive head count. Ten people in front of her, including Kimmy as the last one. Five girls including Emily were behind her, and some appeared to be in bad shape as well.

“We pre-gamed way too hard for this,” a brunette in a red dress told her friend, a blonde in jeans with a cardigan.

“Oh shut up Vanessa! You peed after like the third song,” the blonde said.

“It was the fourth thank you very much!” Vanessa said while fixing her braid as a distraction.

“At least someone had the right idea,” Danielle thought as she crossed her legs.

“Huge difference. Well if you wet yourself again, you’re getting diapers for Christmas,” the blonde said.

“Real mature, Kelly,” Vanessa said.

Kimmy turned to Danielle. “I love hearing people talk about pee when I’m desperate. Don’t you?”

“Totally,” Danielle said. Kimmy’s comment was obviously sarcastic, but she couldn’t help but feel intrigued by the situation developing behind her. Was Vanessa actually going to wet herself? Her friend Kelly didn’t look too much better off either.

Danielle then thought back to River’s near accident before the show. “Why is this turning me on?”

It was a question that would have to wait till later. Danielle made eye contact with Kimmy and saw her friend gasp. A damp patch appeared on Kimmy’s shorts. It expanded slightly a few seconds later and Danielle felt herself leak again.

Kimmy looked down at her shorts and then at Danielle’s jeans. “Did I… Did you…?”

Danielle blushed. “Yes”.

“Did you what?” Emily asked.

“Dani and I are about to piss ourselves. Actually that’s kind of already started,” Kimmy said.

Emily crossed her legs and sighed. “I would make fun of you two so hard if I wasn’t in the same boat.”

Behind them, Vanessa sighed. “Guess I can kiss any chance of asking to cut you in line behind.”

“Yeah sorry about that,” Kimmy said.

“Well look on the bright side. If five girls piss themselves, maybe this cheap ass college will finally add a second bathroom to each side of the colosseum!” Kelly said.

Emily gave Kelly a weird look. “That’s the bright side?”

“It’s gonna have to be,” Kimmy said. “Just three more people. Then we can… agh!”

Kimmy’s bladder released three spurts in rapid succession. By this point, several trickles had made their way down each of her legs. Another stall opened cutting the line to two people. Kimmy turned to the girl up next. “Hey do you mind if I…” Another spurt escaped.

“Mind if you what?” The girl at the front asked. She had earbuds in and had appeared to have missed the chaos unfolding behind her.

Kimmy’s legs shook violently. “I need to… oh no! Oh no!”

Kimmy sighed in defeat as the damp patch on her shorts expanded continuously and a cascade of urine fell to the floor. It picked up speed and Kimmy slumped against the wall in a posture change that sent the last third of the accident almost entirely down her right leg.

“Oh shit. Oh shit!” the girl with earbuds exclaimed.

Kimmy began to cry as Danielle and Emily awkwardly tried to console her while battling their own bladders. Behind them, Vanessa, Kelly noticed and had no clue how to process the situation either.

“Kimmy it’ll be okay. We’ll help you as soon as we pee,” Danielle said.

“Well… more like finish peeing,” Emily said.

“Wait, you too Em?” Danielle asked.

Emily lifted up her dress and flashed cream-colored panties that were already quite saturated. She smiled made heart hands at her friends.

Seeing that caused Danielle to spring the largest leak yet. A bit began to pool in her shoe, but that was the least of her concern. “Oh no. Are we actually all about to lose it?”

“No! We’ve got this Dani!” Emily insisted. “Your bladder is the Hoover Dam! Or the Three Gorges Dam! Or… yeah I don’t know any more dams off the top of my head.”

“That’s a dam shame,” Danielle said. The bad joke appeared to cheer Kimmy up a little as the next stall opened. Danielle turned to the girl with earbuds, who stepped back.

“Yeah you guys can go ahead of me,” she said.

Danielle took off running but continued to leak on her way to the stall. She ran inside and slammed the door. She reached to pull down her pants, but froze as a thought came over her.

“What if I just went?”

Danielle only paused for a moment, but that moment was enough time for her bladder to completely cave in without giving her a choice. Once the inevitable started, she just spread her legs and opted to enjoy the show. The warm sweet relief was amazing and all the thoughts that had been circulating earlier led to an orgasm shortly afterward.

Someone pounded on the stall door. “Hey um, Dani was it? Can you please hurry up! I’m about to… Welp!”

Danielle opened the door and found herself face to face with Vanessa. The brunette had a growing wet patch on her red dress where she’d pressed her hands. She dashed inside without bothering to shut the door. Danielle tried not to stare, but from the corner of her eye, she saw Vanessa frantically lift her dress and pee full force into her pink panties. At the front of the line, Kelly hopped up and down with a softball sized wet patch that was volleyball sized by the time she found an open stall. Emily walked out of another stall a few minutes later with several telltale streaks running down her yellow dress. Danielle made eye contact and Emily shook her head.

“Five stalls and two of them had people taking a dump. Unreal,” Emily muttered.

Kimmy walked over from the sinks after realizing that the hand dryers did little good to dry her soaked pants. Danielle dabbed her jeans a bit with paper towels before washing her hands. Vanessa and Kelly walked out about a minute later. Kelly hadn’t fully made it and there was a trail of pee leaking from Vanessa’s saturated panties as she walked. The five of them made awkward eye contact before they burst out laughing at the ridiculousness of the situation.

“Did we just become best friends?” Emily asked.

Vanessa grinned. “I think we did!”

“What's next?’ Danielle asked.

“I texted River and said you got sick with Emily going home to make sure you’re good. Then I’ll swing back to pick up David, Dylan, and River after I shower,” Kimmy said.

“Mom friend alert,” Emily said.

“Hey mom friends rule,” Kelly said.

Kimmy gave her a high five. “Hell yeah!”

“Are you sure you want to drive home and miss the show?” Danielle asked.

“I’ll be fine. Safe to say this wasn’t the concert I had in mind,” Kimmy said.

“We can make up for it,” Emily said. “Drinks at Juan’s Cantina tomorrow night at eight? Vanessa, Kelly, you’re welcome to join.”

Vanessa shrugged. “I just pissed myself as a twenty-three year old woman. Why the hell not?”

“Same,” Kelly said. “We’ll catch you tomorrow.”

Just when it appeared that the coast was clear, David came out from around the corner before Danielle, Kimmy, and Emily left. “Danielle! Are you okay? I heard from River and she said I didn’t need to check on you, but I was worried and…”

Any embarrassment that Danielle thought she had wrung out, returned in full force. She had no clue how to respond until Kimmy jumped in.

“David, that’s sweet of you, but is a bad time. Like a really bad time,” Kimmy said.

David looked at their clothes and realized what happened. “Oh shit.”

“I’m not sick. I just completely pissed myself at a concert and I was terrified at the thought of you finding out,” Danielle said throwing up her hands.

“It was like a really long line,” Emily added.

“Yeah. Kimmy go start the car,” Danielle said.

David shook his head. “No. That’s not how this works. Danielle, you’re one of the sweetest girls I’ve met. Emily’s a mix drink goddess and Kimmy’s Rapidly’s biggest fan!”

“Look David, that’s sweet of you, but we’re soaked to the skin our own urine. We can’t go out there,” Danielle said.

David shrugged. “Happens to the best of us. There’s still twenty minutes left of the show. Let’s go get our money’s worth.

"Does he truly not care? He can't be serious? Right?"

“And you’re sure you don’t mind?” Danielle asked.

“Nope. Though we should probably move to a less crowded section for obvious reasons,” David said.

The four of them walked to the back rows of seats before Kimmy and Emily broke off to buy some waters. David watched them go and turned to Danielle. “They did that intentionally didn’t they?”

Danielle blushed. “Yeah…”

David held out his hand and Danielle took it as they found a place to finish watching the show. She put her head against his shoulder, and he ran a hand through her hair. As Rapidly played, Danielle thought about everything that had unfolded. She’d peed her pants, discovered a new kink, made new friends, and wound up with the guy of her dreams. None of it made sense, but it led a moment she never wanted to end.

A/N: Hope you enjoyed Long Lines at the Concert! I don't anticipate a 3rd part to this, but there will be more stories set in the same town with some overlapping characters such as this story with Vanessa and Kelly.

Thanks for reading!

