Phases

Author: Guest zimw00t

*011*2018-04-07 07:33

Notes: I was hoping to get a lot more down than I have in this entry, and most of it will probably be reworked/rewritten later on. You see I haven't really been going back and reading any previous chapters before writing a new one, and it's caused a lot of continuity errors. I'm honestly surprised how consistent it was considering I write mostly while half asleep and without consulting anything I'd written previously before hand, but I'm having to make some revisions, some major some minor, to earlier bits to keep it in line with the tone of the rest. Also I have an ending in mind now, and I may end up writing that next... but I'll keep giving excerpts chronologically, and when the whooole thing is done I'll release all as one thing probably in an entirely new thread for clarity. Enjoy, I guess

Phase 4 - Playdate

Daniel tried not to think about thinking too much about overthinking. It wasn’t working. He was a tightly wound ball, fit to explode from dozens of emotions he just couldn’t contain anymore. He was honestly still trying to wrap his head around the idea that a girl like Eva existed in the first place. She seemed too perfect, and her interest in him unfounded. If he could make sense of that, maybe he could begin to puzzle out what he was supposed to do on a first date.

Trouble was, he didn’t have any time left to puzzle anything out. He was already walking up to the front steps of her house. He hadn’t fretted about what to wear too much, thankfully. He figured he take the clichéd advice of being himself, by showing up in the same clothes he’d worn to school that day. A part of him was worrying, now, that that had been a dumb move.

He decided, when he reached the door, not to put off the moment any more than he needed to. Without hesitation he pressed the buzzer and said his last prayer that this would go smoothly. He should have known by now things never went as he expected around Eva.

The woman who answered the door surprised Daniel. His own mother was in her 50’s by the time he’d started high school, so he’d come to acquaint parenthood with middle-agedness. He couldn’t believe that the gorgeous woman in front of him now was a parent, but he could see where Eva got her looks.

“Hello! You must be Daniel, Eva’s still in her room. She probably didn’t want me to answer the door for her. Which meant of course that I had to.” She was grinning savagely. “It’s the sort of thing parents get to do in return for dealing with pain-in-the-ass, hormonal teenagers.” She didn’t sound mean or spiteful, more taunting than anything.

“I- uh- don’t really know how to respond to that,” Daniel answered honestly.

“That’s how most kids react to meeting me, I’m still trying to figure out why.”

“That’s enough Mother,” Eva’s voice called from up the stairwell near the door. She’d put an unusual emphasis on the word Mother. “Probably don’t want to scare him away like the rest.” Eva didn’t sound as irritated as she probably should have been, as though she’d been expecting this sort of behavior from her mom.

“Ohhh, but if I can convince you he’s gone I’ll get to add his skeleton to the pile in the basement,” she cackled like she’d just made a hilarious joke. It was only mildly disturbing to Daniel.

“Ignore her,” Eva told Daniel as she hopped down the stairs to greet him. “I cleaned those up weeks ago.”

“Haha- yeah,” was all Daniel managed to say as he was ushered inside.

Eva’s home was immaculate, and looked much larger on the inside than the humble impression he’d gotten from the exterior. Nothing was lavishly decorated, there was just an overall sense of cleanliness about it. He immediately began to take his shoes off for fear of dirtying the carpet.

“Oh you can leave those on if you want, I don’t really care,” Eva’s mom told him when she noticed. “I’m Lucy by the way. Resident cool mom totally down to Netflix and chill with my fellow young people.”

“Mom how many times do I have to explain ‘Netflix and chill’ means sex. You’re going to scar Daniel for life.” No kidding. Although, a part of him briefly held an image of what Eva’s mom would look like naked, and an even smaller part probably would have gotten off to it. His sense of propriety was still in-tact enough to not get a boner thinking about it.

“You have a lovely home,” he managed to cut in before his mind went to far down that track. Lucy’s boobs were enormous, though. Stop.

“Oh, he’s so polite. Did you hear that Eva, our house is lovely. He’s winning all kinds of points in my book.”

“Yea, he great,” she said quickly. “I think we’ll just head up to my room if that’s alright.”

“Have fun, remember to use protection.” Before either of them could respond to that, Lucy had disappeared around a corner and down the hall. Daniel knew his face was burning, but Eva wasn’t blushing at all. That only made it worse for him.

“Shall we?” She gestured up the stairs, and began to lead the way up to the only door at the top. “There’s not really a full second story on this house, so I sort of sleep in the attic.” She opened the door to reveal a room that really was an attic. In contrast to the cleanliness below, exposed wooden supports and a thick layer of dust were all that decorated Eva’s room. There was an area in the center that looked more lived-in, with some furniture and a TV stand.

“This is- something,” Daniel thought aloud.

“Yeah probably not what you were expecting, right? My mom is the clean freak, here. I honestly prefer it like this.” Across from the TV stand was a couch that looked like it had lived through a few wars. Eva plopped down into a relaxed position, and gestured for him to join her. “Come sit.”

He wasn’t sure how close he should sit to her on the couch. It wasn’t very big, and she had her leg up on part of it already. He settled into the opposite side, awkwardly pushing her leg out of the way.

“Wow, am I that scary?” She laughed. “Don’t worry I didn’t mean come cuddle with me, we’re not there yet,” she said when he looked confused.

“So what are we gonna do, exactly?” he asked slightly uncomfortable after a few moments of her staring at him.

“I want you to do me. Hard and fast and all night long.” She bust up laughing when his eyes widened in terror. “You really are too easy. Relax, I figured we could just watch some TV, talk, get to know eachother better.” She produced a remote from somewhere and started clicking through streaming services on the home screen. “Honestly that’s all dating comes down to. People go to dinner and shit like that as an excuse to talk with each other more. And once you’ve talked long enough your relationship status will level up and you can move on to fucking like animals on the daily.”

This time Daniel gave a sarcastic laugh, and threw the pillow he’d been sitting on at her. He should have been used to her teasing by now. “Okay,” he said, “and how come we aren’t just watching TV down in the living room or something?”

“I just brought you up here so nobody could hear you scream.” She chuckled lightly. Daniel thought she might be wearing herself out by now, too. “For real, though, my mom doesn’t like having a TV in the living room. Are you afraid of not having a chaperone?”

“N- no I just-” Daniel didn’t finish. He knew it was just arguing with himself at this point. “What did you wanna watch?”

Christine knew it wouldn’t be hard to find the information she wanted. The school had student records online that were available to pretty much anyone. She just had to search the database for the name Shalrath. It produced exactly one result. A girl named Eva. Jackpot.

Lucina hummed sullenly to herself, irritated. Her “daughter” was upstairs soaking in the mountains of emotion that teenage boy was putting out and she’d been forbidden to partake of any of it. Her own project, Christine, was ripening well, but she envied Evangeline’s superior methods.

Taking advantage of a horny teenage boy! she thought. Why didn’t I think of that? She’d assumed all teenagers, boys and girls, would have about the same level of intense emotion brought on by hormonal changes. She’d underestimated her mother again.

It was a strange sort of role reversal to be playing the mother, and Evangeline had never been as good at acting her part. She had always liked to pretend to be a little girl. That’s where most of their bizarre fetishes had started to develop. It wasn’t often, though, that Lucina got to play the mom.

She was doing her best to shield what was going on upstairs from her mental view, for privacy and so as not to be tempted to steal all that tasty emotion. She hoped it was going well, despite the still prevalent stabs of jealousy she was fighting down.

Seraph was only mildly intrigued by what the other two had been up to since her last run-in with them. She kept tabs on them more just because she could than anything. There wasn’t a whole lot she couldn’t do anymore. Things she used to struggle with came easy now. The world bent itself to her every desire, and she had much bigger plans than concerned the other two anymore.

Still, she enjoyed toying with their newfound weakness almost as much as she enjoyed exploiting human frailties. There wasn’t a thing either of them could do to stop her.

Evangeline enjoyed herself making small talk with Daniel. She loved pretending to be a normal human girl almost as much as she loved feeding on the delicious energy his emotions produced. She was almost back to half-strength just from feeding on Daniel. The stronger a connection you were able to make with a person, the easier the energy flowed.

She found herself actually coming to like him as a person. At first she saw him only as a means to an end, and no different than any other human. Now she saw a gentle, honest person doing his best to impress the prettiest girl he’d ever seen. She found his unrealistic mental image of her flattering. In fact most of his thoughts about her were flattering. Some would have shamed the worst of harlots, but that could be forgiven on his hormones. No sexual fantasy he could think up had a change of shocking her, though. She was sure she’d imagined worse. She’d been around a lot longer.

She wasn’t quite sure what she wanted to do with him, yet. In the end she knew she couldn’t stay with him long. Her and Lucina had had to be on the move constantly after what had happened. This was the first time they settled anywhere for longer than a couple weeks in a while. Still, it was nice to fantasize what it might be like to stay here, pretend to be Daniel’s girlfriend all through high school, graduate together, get married, start a family, retire to Arizona and die having lived a normal and happy life. Then she remembered how boring that would be.

Suddenly she was struck by something. It wasn’t physical, but an immense, dark- presence. It filled the room, and even Daniel seemed to notice the shift.

“What’s wrong,” he asked worried. He must have noticed the look on her face.

“It’s nothing,” she lied. She put a smile back on and tried to continue their conversation while working through what madness was going on in her head. It was her. Seraph. She was near.

HAVING FUN WITH YOUR NEW PET? The voice nearly shattered Evangeline’s calm again. It penetrated into her deepest thought, and made it very hard to continue to outwardly pretend everything was normal. HOPE YOU ENJOY IT WHILE YOU CAN, THIS WORLD IS ABOUT TO BE RESHAPED IN MY IMAGE.

Eva had stopped talking again. She looked- if Daniel had to put a word to it he’d say terrified. That didn’t make sense, though. There wasn’t anything they were talking about that should cause her to make that look. It was like she’d just thought of something and it was the most awful thing in the world.

“You sure you’re okay?” he asked again. “Looks like something’s bothering you.”

“It’s fine.” He could tell she was lying. “Well okay, no. It’s not.”

Daniel understood. He’d hoped he could live up to expectations but it was clear he was in way over his head. “Okay, I get it. This date is going horribly isn’t it.”

Eva paused and let out a laugh. “You really are so self-deprecating it’s sad.” She looked serious again a second later. “No, it’s just that I’ve remembered something that I need to talk to my mom about. An old family friend is coming to visit and I’m really not looking forward to it.”

“An old friend?” Daniel asked. “Like who?”

“Just someone I’d rather not see again.” Suddenly she put a smile back on. “Nothing for you to worry your pretty little head about.” She actually patted him on the head. When had they gotten so close together on the couch? They almost were cuddling at this point. “Oh my, that time can’t be right. We’ve been talking here for almost 5 hours.”

She was right, and Daniel started to panic. He’d needed to be home an hour ago. This wasn’t going to be easy to explain to his parents. “Shit, I- I need to go.”

“Don’t worry about it,” she said amused as he pushed himself up off the couch quickly. She stood and moved very close to him. He realized how much shorter she was than him, her head barely coming up to his chest. “You gonna give me a goodnight kiss?” He had a feeling she wasn’t teasing him this time.

He didn’t know what to do, he was still panicked about needed to get home quickly, but this was kind of a big moment. His first real kiss. Should he just go for it? Did he wait for her to kiss him? His instincts to get home drove him to move quickly. He leaned forward and planted his lips against hers for just the briefest moment before pulling them away again.

Something strange happened the instant his lips touched hers. A spark. Some actual, physical energy was exchanged between them, and in his gut something told him that in that exchange something was taken. Some sort of seal was made between them that he knew couldn’t be broken now, and he felt as though he could sense her being somehow.

It lasted only the briefest moment, and he was overtaken again by the urgency of sprinting home to not be scolded. “Uh- that was- uh- nice- thank you,” he stammered as he moved toward the door.

“Wow, are you actually thanking me for the kiss? You probably are autistic or something.” He didn’t wait around to be led out of the house, it was pretty much a straight shot down the stairs and out the door. “Okay, just kiss me and run away then, don’t say anything else, bye!” He barely heard the last part as he rushed away.

The further he moved away the more prominent her presence felt in his mind. He couldn’t feel her physically anymore, but he was sure he could look back and point to exactly where she was standing. He still felt it the entire way home, and even as he fell asleep that night.

No, Lucina, I’m sure it was her. Who else could it be? Evangeline was speaking to her daughter telepathically, though she hadn’t moved from her room. She was still shaking from what had happened earlier. She said she was coming.

Well that could mean anything, she’s probably just taunting us. Lucina never did like to admit when there was real danger. She’d become such a good actor she sometimes convinced herself that her performance was real and that nothing could go wrong. Let’s not be hasty, I think we’re both making excellent strides here. Did you feel the Link you made with young Daniel?

Of course she had felt it. It had shocked her nearly as much as Seraph’s announcement had. A Link that strong was unusual, even if she’d been trying to make it. It seemed to have happened purely on accident. That’s no reason to stay. If need be I could just bring him with us wherever we go next.

You know that’s not going to work.

Don’t try to mother me. Nobody else is around to continue the charade for. Lucina severed the telepathic connection and refused to respond after that. Petulant child. She’d probably sulk now for the rest of the night.

Eva couldn't decide on a plan of action after several more minutes. It was pointless making hasty decisions in the moment. She needed to rest, and would come up with something in the morning. The Link was distracting her, telling her exactly where Daniel had run off to. Having the clear mental image of him at all times now was going to be interesting. She tried to get some sleep.

Christine didn’t want to fall asleep, but it had taken her eventually. She was in a car. She wasn’t sure where it was going or how long it would take to get there, but it didn’t take long for nature to start calling. The telltale signs that she would soon need to pee should have worried her. She found herself shrugging it off. If she needed to go she would go.

The pressure continued to build, but she found herself relaxing more and more as it did. Why worry about needing to go? She probably wouldn’t make it anyway. If the last two dreams were any indication, she’d probably just piss herself with no control. What was the point of even trying to hold it, then?

It was building fast now, she knew she’d have to release very soon. She was so relaxed, though. It felt so good to just relax and let nature take its course. Normally when she needed to go, it would build and build and then release all at once in one long stream. In her current state, however, it began as a mere trickle. A few droplets at a time, the pee began to leak out. Why force it out? Why hurry? She wasn’t going anywhere. It would all come out eventually.

She wasn’t sure when her bladder was finally emptied, or even if it ever was. She just continued to feel the relaxing motions of the car driving along, and the pleasantly warm sensation building in her crotch. Eventually she drifted off into a deep slumber.

*013*2018-04-23 06:22

I'm having a bit of a difficult time with this story right now. It's not like I don't know where I want to go with some of these plot threads, it's more like I'm starting to feel bored with the story as a whole. I guess I should ask my audience, such as it is: Where do you see this story going? Where would you like to see it go? Give me your wildest speculations, and I might even end up incorporating some of them.

*014*2018-11-15 12:00

Guess who’s not dead? My creative juices have been working in secret this whole time. I’m trying to craft something truly fantastic here. Here’s the next installment as a treat for anyone who’s been waiting patiently this whole time. I can tell you that the excitement is only going to build from here, we’re getting to the really really juicy parts.

For anybody just tuning in or for people coming back trying to remember who all these characters are, if you notice continuity errors it’s because I’ve gone back and edited earlier parts of the story in my main file and those changes haven’t been reflected here. Bear with me, I think I’ll reupload the whole thing as one when it’s finished. I am working on it more consistently again but I make no promises as to my release schedule. Anyway, without further ramblings I give you...

Phase 5 - Peeing

Andrea wasn't really sure what to make of Christine. She fit nearly all the stereotypes of high school drama, except for maybe getting pregnant and dropping out. Give it time, she thought. Then she felt bad for it. Christine actually seemed like she was trying really hard to be friendly to her. Every day since Monday they'd sat together at lunch and talked. It was Thursday, now, and she was starting to get used to the routine.

Something had seemed kind of off about Christine the last few days though. She seemed constantly on edge about something, like she was about to bolt and run somewhere at a moments notice. It was starting to put Andrea on edge as well. She wasn’t sure what it was, but if Christine was on the brink of some sort of mental breakdown or panic attack it should probably concern her, too, being in such proximity to it. She had decided to go along with the whole idea of them becoming friends, after all.

They had made plans for the next couple days to have Andrea come over and hang out and possibly even stay the night. It sounded like one of those sleepovers she never got invited to back in middle school. She would have thought Christine was too old for that sort of thing by now, but she insisted it would be fun.

Daniel was only slightly concerned about his strange new psychic connection to his girlfriend. Girlfriend! He was still having trouble getting used to thinking of Eva that way. It was really too incredible to believe. It was almost enough to make him forget that somehow he could sense her presence no matter where she went. It felt kind of creepy.

She hadn’t said anything to him about it yet, and he wasn’t about to confront her on it. He was just happy to be able to walk around the school holding hands and kissing her all the time and all the PDA’s he used to hate other couples for. They spent pretty much all their time together now, and he’d been back to her house a few times to spend a few hours cuddling and making out. It amazed him how quickly things had progressed from just a week before.

He literally couldn’t get her out of his head.

Evangeline was doing her best not to think about Ceraph’s warning. She was so focused on her relationship with Daniel, she’d almost completely forgotten her philosophy of subtlety. She’d pushed him a little further than she’d meant, perhaps a little too quickly. It wasn’t like she was trying to avoid the reality that Ceraph would probably ruin everything soon. She was certainly more in control of herself than that.

The Link she had with Daniel gave her even more insight into the way he thought, and she was now able to sense him and feed off of his emotions from literally anywhere. And with how fully he had opened his trust to her, and how strong their connection was, she was stronger than she’d ever been. She figured it was probably about time she started doing something with her powers. She liked to make changed to a person’s reality slowly. It took less energy and it was easier to convince everyone the changes were natural. But she was feeling edgy, with her newfound power and the knowledge Ceraph would probably find a way to take it from her soon, she found herself not thinking about the consequences for once.

Daniel, since she’d known him, had never really understood girls. Humans in general understood little about the opposite gender, and Daniel even less than average. She’d decided early on that she wanted to help him with that problem. She’d tried explaining to him several times how he could better understand women, but now she realized it would probably be easier to show not tell. What better way to learn than by experience? This was going to be fun.

Christine had woken up to wet bed sheets two more times since Monday’s nightmare. There hadn’t even been any dreams to accompany it. She’d simply gone in her sleep with no control and without ever waking up. It was while she was washing her sheets for the third time that week that her mom had confronted her about it. She didn’t want to admit anything, but she knew she would have to eventually, and that if this was linked to some sort of medical condition it would be better to get it out of the way sooner than later.

She still hadn’t said anything. She probably would have to the next time it happened. But she wanted to go to Ms S first. She may not like the woman very much, but it seemed like a better option than telling her mom. Plus she was supposed to be a trained counselor, she should know how to handle the psychological effects this was having, right?

Ms Shalrath’s desk was completely free of papers this time around, and she looked to actually be ready and waiting for Christine’s visit. “Hey looks like you’re right on time,” she said, smiling warmly. “How’s your week been so far?”

Christine slumped down in a chair and admitted, “Pretty awful, so far. You?”

Ms S frowned. “Legally, I’m supposed to care about what’s going on in your life, but I’m just making sure. Was that an actual cry for help? A signal that you want to start taking these sessions seriously?”

Christine shrugged, “Maybe. I mean I guess while I’m here I may as well get some stuff off my chest.” She felt an itch at her throat and realized how thirsty she was. “And can you get me some of that chocolate milk? I’m dying of thirst.”

Ms S frowned deeper. “Oh, sorry. I think I drank the last one earlier. I found some non-chocolate ones from the same vendor, though.”

Christine was only a little disappointed. Only a little, she told herself. “I guess I can try one of those.” When Ms S pulled it from her little fridge she was pleased to see it looked the same, with the same strange writing on the label. She took a swig and was surprised and ecstatic that it seemed to taste even better than the chocolate variant. It tasted sweeter, too. “This is amazing. What kind of milk was it again?” It was so rich and almost syrupy, she just hoped it was mostly the added sugar and not from some weird animal like a goat.

“I honestly couldn’t tell you, I can barely read the label myself” Lucina lied. She knew exactly where the milk came from. She’d made it herself. She was glad to see Christine even more dependant on the stuff than ever. “So what did you want to talk about today? ‘Get off your chest,’ as you put it.”

Christine gulped down the rest of the small bottle and wiped her mouth on her sleeve. “Well, that-” her face was suddenly a deep shade of red. She looked around nervously at the door and windows. “These sessions are private, right? Like you can’t tell anybody about anything that goes on in here. Not even my mom or the principal, right?”

Lucina put on a frown, “Well not unless you’ve done something illegal. There’s a standard client/patient confidentiality agreement in place.” She wasn’t really sure if that was a thing. She’d have to look it up later.

Christine took a deep breath, “Okay. Because this is really embarrassing for me to talk about but I didn’t really know who else to talk to about it. Here goes.” She paused again. “I’ve been having... accidents. In my sleep. At night. It’s been going on for about a week, and it seems like they’re only getting worse. I mean, I’m in highschool for fuck’s sake I shouldn’t be wetting the bed like a little girl.” She became more and more upset as she spoke. Tears began welling up in the corners of her eyes. “I just- I need to know what to do.”

Lucina smiled, but quickly managed to hide it under a mask of concern. “Well does anyone in your family have an existing medical condition that could be the cause?” she asked. “Honestly, Christine, this may end up being something you should see a real medical professional about. I’m not that kind of doctor.” Technically she wasn’t any kind of doctor, but now wasn’t the time to bring that up.

Christine only look more flustered, and her sobs gradually grew more intense, until she was crying uncontrollably. Somewhere deep down Lucina knew she should be feeling some sort of pity for what the girl was going through, but causing mental anguish in her pets was half the fun. It made the gratification later so much more rewarding for them.

When Christine seemed to have calmed down a bit, Lucina managed a warm, genuine smile. “Look, I know you came to me looking for answers, but I really don’t think I have much for you. I mean, the counselling I provide isn’t some magic pill that makes all your problems go away. For the most part I just act as a confidant, someone to talk to about all your problems. Solutions to those aren’t really in my job description.”

Christine sniffed. “Well,” she blubbered, “at least I was able to tell someone. I thought I’d go insane having to deal with this shit on my own.”

Lucina smiled again. “That what I’m here for.”

Several hours later, Christine sat in her room thinking about what she should do. She thought about just not falling asleep that night. She could just never fall asleep ever again. No, that was crazy. But if it happened again there was little chance she could avoid having to tell her mom about it. What then?

The worst part was that she had actually managed to convince her Mom to let her have a friend over. It was hard to believe she’d gone that far, but she even agreed that if the girl didn’t seem too crazy she could stay the night. She didn’t want to use the word sleepover, but that’s pretty much what it was. And she’d have to deal with the fact that she might wake up having wet the bed.

It was almost too much to bear. She cried herself to sleep that night, but thankfully didn’t have any dreams she could recall.

Daniel couldn’t remember where he was or how he got there. Everything was dark, and the only thing he knew for sure was that Eva was somewhere nearby. A small feeling in the back of his mind somehow just knew instinctively that she was. That feeling had only been growing stronger since he’d first noticed it, it seemed at times he could almost hear her thoughts if he was close enough to her. That should have frightened him more than it did.

Instead Daniel was comforted by her presence. Knowing she was nearby made it easier to accept that he had no idea what was going on. Where had all the light gone? Why couldn’t he remember coming here? Then a familiar voice called to him, giving him something to hold on to.

“You know what your problem is Daniel?” Eva asked in her casual way. “Your biggest problem is that of perspective. I don’t think you’ve spent enough time outside of your own little worldview to understand anyone else’s, let alone someone as interesting and intelligent as me.

“But you’re in luck, Daniel. You’re so lucky to have met me because I’m exactly the person who can grant you that kind of new perspective. I’m here to give you a whole new outlook on life. When we’re done you’ll see I was right all along, and, hopefully, you’ll finally be able to understand me a little better. Get ready Daniel.”

Daniel opened his mouth to speak, but no sound came out. In fact, he was having trouble opening his mouth at all, and couldn’t quite remember which muscles controlled what. He found himself squirm his entire body trying to find some measure of control somewhere, but it was as if all his muscles were slowly wading through something thick. He could barely move an inch.

Eva giggled. “Look at you squirming. I promise I’ll be done soon. I won’t do anything too drastic to you just yet. Minor changes at first, but I wanted to give your mind a glimpse of what’s to come.” Daniel heard Eva snap her fingers, and light filled his vision. They were at his school, in a crowded hallway. It seemed to be the start or perhaps the end of just another day. But something was decidedly off.

Everything around Daniel seemed bigger. It was as if someone had shifted everything upward a bit. He looked around and, indeed, it seemed the school had grown quite a bit since he’d last seen it. That or he had shrunk. He looked at his hand and was surprised to find instead of mangled, unwashed fingernails, he had 10 perfectly manicured ones shiny faintly from a fresh coat of light blue polish.

The oddities didn’t end there. He was even more shocked to see what he was wearing. A skirt, with a decidedly girly top covering what appeared to be a pair of underdeveloped breasts. Hair tumbled down around his shoulders and swayed as he moved. This was an interesting dream.

He was glad to finally realize that it was a dream. A part of his brain had awakened to that fact when confronted with such strange imagery. He’d occasionally wondered what it would be like to be a girl, but this was something else. It felt so real. He reached up with his new, dainty hands to feel at the small lumps on his chest. He shivered at how sensitive they were to touch. The shock of that feeling nearly pulled him out of the dream entirely.

“Now, Danielle… I know it seems like a lot to take in, but this is you now. You have to accept that. Get used to the idea, now. I’m going to let you get back to sleep now. I’ll see you in the morning. You probably won’t remember this. Love you!” With that she was gone, and so vanished the dream with her. Everything was blackness again, and soon Daniel was snoring.

Daniel bolted upright at the sound of his morning alarm, only to fall back against his pillow wishing he could sleep just a bit longer. What was with that dream? It had felt so real. He thought about mentioning it to Eva, but he could only imagine how much fun she’d have with it. Best to leave it be. He couldn’t help feel slightly demasculinized, though.

An hour or so later he was at school, walking toward that familiar presence which his mind told him was getting closer and closer. It was almost as though he could reach out and touch her, though he knew she was still too far away. Should he talk to her about that? It was starting to be quite concerning. He tried to not pay any attention to it all through his first class, but it was very distracting.

Between class periods, Daniel felt the call of nature and headed for the nearest bathroom. It was stupid, but he found himself thinking about that dream again as he unbuckled his pants. How would it feel to go to the bathroom as a girl? What would it be like to have a…

Embarrassingly, he found himself becoming aroused at the thought. But as the blood flowed and that tingly sensation in his groin grew, he noticed something odd. His dick was smaller. That was what it seemed like anyway. He always got embarrassed thinking about size and whether or not his would hold up. But it had been bigger than that at least. Despite his semi-hardened state, his penis looked like it belonged on a small child.

Was all this thinking about being a girl affecting his testosterone levels or something? He quickly did up his pants and made a mental note to do a bunch of pushups or something when he got home. It’d probably go back to normal once he got his hormones all balanced out properly. Right?

Daniel made it to Biology just as the bell was ringing. He said nothing as he sat down next to Eva, who smiled warmly at him. This close, he could almost sense what she was feeling as easily as his own emotions. She was happy to see him. The feeling was more than mutual. Being close to her was all he cared about now.

“We need to talk at lunch today,” she suddenly whispered. He turned to see her staring at him intently. “I think you know what about.”

A million things rushed through his mind. Was she also aware of this connection? Did she know about his strange dream? Why was she looking so seriously at him? What was going on? I’m sorry. I can explain everything. I should have explained days ago.

Daniel grew cold as he realized those last thoughts were not his own. They were in his head, but he wasn’t the one thinking them. It was part of that odd bundle of sensation coming from the girl sitting so close to him. Eva was somehow speaking to him through that bond.

Again, sorry. I didn’t mean to freak you out. She was still looking right at him. He stared back, questioningly. This isn’t the place. Lunch time, the library should do. Daniel nodded.

As the day went on and approached the lunch hour, Daniel grew more and more anxious. What the hell had that been? Did his girlfriend have some kind of freaky mind powers or something? This was something straight out of an anime he’d seen. It wasn’t real life, was it? Maybe it was another bizarre dream.

He felt Eva’s approach, and turned to see her walk into the library. He noted, also, that Christine Malaprop was sitting nearby talking quietly with a freshman girl he thought he recognized. That was an oddity, though from what he’d heard through the grapevine, Christine had fallen far from her status as queen bitch of the bitchy “popular” girls at school. Those types of people sickened him, normally, to the point where he avoided any form of contact. It was, however, fascinating to watch their interactions, in the way that it was fascinating to watch footage from the 9/11 attacks.

He put his focus back on what was important, his apparently magical girlfriend. He tried to sound casual as she drew close. “So… you some kind of witch? Because I hear you’re supposed to burn those at the stake.”

“Hilarious,” she rolled her eyes. “No, not a witch.”

“Some kind of psychic then?”

“Would you believe interdimensional being with reality altering abilities?” Damn. She was a lot better at sounding casual while talking about this. Although from their connection, they both knew that the other felt anything but casual. They were both nervous wrecks trying desperately to keep their collective cool.

"I’d probably believe anything at this point,” Daniel said, finally dropping his pretense. “What the hell is going on, Eva?”

“I-” I don’t know, he heard her finish in her head. It was strange to think the girl he’d come to see as so self confident had moments where she wasn’t sure of herself. He could feel all of that now.

“You have to know something? Are you being serious about you not being from this dimension?” When she’d said that her mind told him she didn’t seem to be lying. “What does that even mean? Are you not even human?”

“Well… my body is human.” ...enough, she added in her head. That was comforting.

So, he tried to think the words clearly. Can you hear my thoughts, too?

Yes, she thought back. And, boy are you more messed up than I thought. The thought carried a with it the humor that was clearly painted across her face.

“What does this mean for us though?” Daniel asked seriously. What kind of relationship could they have if she wasn’t even human.

“What do you mean. This shouldn’t have to change anything. I should have been honest with you, maybe, a little more. But this is just who I am. And I’m still the same person you liked before.” She held a hand up to Daniel’s face, looking deeply into his eyes. “I don’t need to read your mind to know how you feel about me, Daniel. I can see it in the way you look at me. In how you act when I’m around.”

Daniel couldn’t keep his face from turning red. He did the only thing he could think of to hide his embarrassment and pulled her tightly against him for a kiss. It was more intense than anything they’d shared before. He could feel the passion coming from her, and she could feel his. It created a feedback loop of emotions that pulled them deeper and deeper into each other’s thoughts. It went on for some time before he finally pulled away, suddenly very conscious of the fact that they were still in public.

He pulled away perhaps a little too suddenly, but could sense she would respect his lack of comfort at the display. She herself didn’t seem to care if everybody was watching. “Well that was a thing,” Daniel chuckled awkwardly.

Andrea hated seeing couples making out in the hallways at school. It was even less common to see it going on in the library, where it was mostly social rejects who’d never been in a relationship even with another social reject. She really couldn’t wait for highschool to be over.

Christine hadn’t said much today, but Andrea could tell there was something on her mind. She wasn’t sure if she should be the first to bring it up. She had a feeling what it was about, and was afraid Christine was going to cancel their plans for a sleepover. She couldn’t think of a better word for it than that.

“Christine,” she began hesitantly, “you don’t seem that excited about tonight.”

Christine looked lost in thought, and turns her focus again on Andrea. Her smile almost seemed genuine, but didn’t quite reach her eyes. “Nah, I’m excited. Maybe a little worried about my mom, still. Have I mentioned how crazy she is?”

“A few times, yes.” It was clear Christine would try to avoid the subject and turn it back around to another rant about how lame her parents were, or start to gossip about the bitchy things her old group of friends were up to. She loved to keep tabs on them, it seemed, despite swearing vehemently that she no longer cared about any of them.

Christine launched into another story about how Becky Sue or whoever was fucking John Whatshisname behind Amy’s back, but Amy knew about it and was planning to revenge sex Becky’s real crush or some asinine scheme that Andrea couldn’t really give two shits about. She had slowly begun to wonder why she ever cared about the “popular” kids in middle school. They were all beyond saving.

“I really am looking forward to tonight,” Christine finally said. “I’ve been thinking a lot- probably too much- about the friends I thought I had, and-” She looked thoughtful for a moment. “Well I should be honest, I’ve been feeling very lonely. I’m glad I have you to talk to, even if I just have to vent my frustration at those other girls.” Christine leaned over to give Andrea a friendly hug. Lunch was nearly over, now and they’d need to be getting to their last classes.

Andrea still felt a little uncomfortable with the hugging, touchy-feely stuff, and wasn’t sure how she felt about this strange sincerity coming from Christine, but she found herself smiling. “Well, it is- you know- nice to- uh- have someone to talk to as well,” she finished awkwardly. She was at least getting better at talking coherently with Christine, if not by much.

Christine smiled back. “Okay, so right after school we’ll swing by your house to grab whatever you need for the night and we’ll be all set. See you then.”

Christine didn’t really feel like going to her last class. She had very nearly canceled with Andrea, but didn’t have the heart to ruin the fun after building it up for the poor girl for so long. She felt bad that it had started out as her just wanting to use Andrea for her own ends. She had actually come to like the girl somewhat.

But what if I have an accident in the night? She’d been dry that morning, but she was living in constant fear of what her next night may bring. She avoided drinking any more water than she needed to, staying thirsty most of the day. She needed someone to confide in who she could tell about her problem. She couldn’t tell Andrea. She’d never be able to live it down if any other students found about she wet the bed. She hadn’t realized where she was going until she found herself in front of Ms Shalrath’s office.

She knocked timidly. After a moment the door swung open to reveal a sheepish looking Ms S. When she saw it was Christine her expression changed to exacerbation. “It’s just you? I thought the admin was here early for my reports.” She looked relieved yet irritated at the same time. “We just had a session yesterday didn’t we? Did you forget what day it was?” She paused, “Oh shit did I forget what day it was?”

This seemed like a side to Ms S Christine hadn’t seen before. Even when she was being aloof and pretending not to care about counseling, there was a sense of- professionalism- that she cared enough about her work to at least pretend to try. Now she looked as though she couldn’t be bothered to pretend.

“I know it’s not one of our days, but well- you see- what we talked about yesterday- I-” Christine found herself stammering, flustered at her inability to speak. Her mouth was so dry. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d had anything to drink.

“Look, sweety, I’m sorry but you’re not my only patient. I have other people I need to see today and have quite a bit of paperwork that needs doing. I think I already gave you my advice. You should talk to your parents about your problem, and if it persists see a medical doctor. There’s not really anything I can do. If you’re that worried about it you can buy some sort of protection to keep your bed dry at night.”

Christine blushed furiously and looked around hoping no one was nearby to overhear that suggestion. She doesn’t mean- Protection? What kind of solution would that be? She’d rather tell her mom about it. She felt like talking back, but sat there thinking for a moment. There was something else that had drawn her here. She couldn’t quite explain what. Her throat was tightening, she needed something. Something to quench her growing thirst. She needed-

“Well, before I go I was at least wondering if you had any more of that special milk. I could really use something to drink.”

“Oh, that? I think there’s a couple left.” She looked behind her as if considering letting Christine come in and grab it from the fridge. “I’ll grab you one, I don’t want you thinking you can come in and just loiter anytime you want.”

“I totally understand,” Christine said, gratefully taking the bottle when Ms S handed to her. I’m sorry to bother you. I- I’ll see you on Monday.” If I haven’t died of embarrassment by then. She tore off the lid and began guzzling the sweet, sweet nectar within. The creamy white fluid slid easily down her throat, satisfying her thirst momentarily. She found herself wishing she’d asked for more than one. Hopefully there would still be some left come Monday.

Evangeline had placed herself into a very precarious situation. The charade she’d been putting on for Daniel was beginning to slip, and he was starting to see through the cracks to her true self. She’d let him know far more than she ever intended, and was worried how much more he’d find out before it was all said and done.

Her feelings for Daniel were complicated now. She wasn’t completely lying when she said she cared about him, and that worried her. She was normally able to stay completely detached from her projects, even while stringing them along and making them believe she loved them. He was meant to only be a tool to increase her power. This was turning into such a mess.

On top of that she had to worry about whether Ceraph would show up and spoil everything again. She probably would, and thinking about it only brought up painful memories. She pushed that all aside to try and focus on her situation with Daniel. Could she really continue with her plan? Was it even necessary now that he had such insight into her thoughts directly? She had to be very careful around him to only let him hear the thoughts she wanted him to. It was quite a mental exercise, and left her feel exhausted afterward.

Yes, she would go through with her plans. She needed to. It was all that was keeping her mind occupied from Ceraph and what was to come.

Lucina, Eva sent. Come upstairs, please. I need something to distract me.

Oh, did you just think of yourself as Eva? You really are spending too much time with that boy.

Hush, now, and come upstairs. Naked, preferably. Think of this as an apology for me being rude the other day.

Not going to make me strip in front of you this time?

No time for foreplay, I need some to distract me now.

Daniel was having a hell of a day. He didn’t know what to make of the revelations from Eva about her being some sort of alien or superbeing from another dimension. He still wasn’t sure which one it was, exactly. All he knew was that his feelings for her were as strong as ever, but there was something off about her when they had spoken last.

He’d felt the normal bundle of emotions from her that he’d come to expect, but there was something else there. It was like there was another set of emotions hidden just under the surface. He hadn’t noticed it at first, but if he felt for it carefully he could almost read the thoughts hidden under her thoughts. There was something more cold and calculating there, not at all like her outward characteristics. And a great deal of what he could only call guilt, which seemed to be directed at him. It didn’t make any sense. Her secret was out, what more did she have to feel guilty about? What else could she possibly be hiding from him?

He was home now and it was nearly bedtime. He was about to turn in when something new came to him through their Link, a word she’d used to describe whatever it was they shared. A warm sensation that continued to grow until it was something hot. A burning passion, a lustful need. He almost didn’t want to believe what was happening. Eva had become incredibly horny, and now it was affecting him.

He tried to ignore for about half an hour but she seemed to be stoking the fire more and more somehow. He could almost feel the pleasure through the Link, she was probably masturbating. It wasn’t something he thought about girls doing- at least- not Eva. He couldn’t help himself, he caved into desire.

With no other lubricant handy he spit on his own hand and began to stroke himself slowly, but it wasn’t long before he’d ramped it up to a rapid pace. It was an incredible feeling to have the pleasure enhanced by what Eva was also feeling at the time. He couldn’t feel anything directly from her, just her mental reactions to it, but it was enough to really get him going.

If it was this good just touching himself, while they weren’t even in the same room, it made him shudder with excitement to think what it might be like if they ever- the thought of it pushed him over the edge. He exploded into one of the most forceful orgasms of his life. And it was at that exact moment that he was awakened to a horrifying sight.

His dick had become tiny.

It wasn’t his imagination or just some self-deprecating observation born of insecurity. His dick had definitely shrunken even smaller. It was like a baby’s. What the hell was going on?

Getting to sleep was not easy, but after running through a million things in his head he finally gave out to exhaustion. Things would have to sort themselves out by morning.

Andrea felt stupid for being nervous about spending the night at Christine’s. It was a dumb thing to get nervous about, right? She wasn’t even nervous, was she? Unless she was. She should probably be more nervous. Calm down!

She was starting to exhaust herself with these mental jumping jacks. Christine had picked her up and they were just heading over to her house. For some reason Christine looked just as nervous as Andrea. That was comforting, but odd. Had she never had anybody stay over before? It might be a new experience for both of them.

“So- I need to go the the drug store real quick to pick up some- ahem- supplies. Shark week coming up and I tend to bleed a lot, you know. You can stay in the car.” Andrea shifted uncomfortably. That was about all the information she could need or want relating to Christine’s period. It was a part about being a woman she kind of wanted to forget.

“K, take your time,” she was reasonably certain that her nervousness didn’t show in her voice. She wasn’t nervous. Her hands would definitely stop trembling soon. Being alone in the car while Christine went inside the store didn’t help. It only gave her more time to be alone with her thoughts. She hated being alone with those. They were never good.

At the very least she was glad to not have any more bouts of- whatever that had been the day she met Christine. She wasn’t sure if it was some form of depression, or if it would strike her again at some point. Her parents were understandably concerned, almost more so since her seemingly miraculous recovery from it. They all laughed about it now, chalking it up to teenage hormones or whatever, but underneath there was a question nobody was brave enough to voice: Will it happen again?

Her parents were more than glad to see her off to a friend’s house for the weekend. They were pleased at any interaction Andrea had with her peers. Even before the depression it was becoming clear she would have a hard time making friends in high school. The few she’d made up until that point had all but abandoned her, and she wasn’t very good at talking to people.

Christine finally came back to the car. For some reason she looked really embarrassed about what she was carrying, and threw the bags a little too quickly into the back seat. Andrea made a cursory glance at their contents and noted that Christine uses pads instead of tampons. There was also something else that seemed out of place. Bed sheets? That’s what it looked like anyway.

She only looked for a second, not wanting to seem like she was looking, before Christine got into the front seat herself. She apologized again for the stop before they were on their way.

The night played out pretty much as well as Christine could have hoped for. Turned out Andrea was exactly the kind of friend her mom approved of, and they really hit it off. Christine couldn’t remember the last time she had actually enjoyed laughter around the dinner table with her family. It seemed so out of place.

The night was finally winding down and she and Andrea were getting ready for bed. This was where the tricky part came. While she was in the store buying maxi pads she didn’t need, she’d checked out a section that had been labeled “incontinence.” It was a word she had had to learn earlier that day while searching the web for “protection” solutions.

She hated the very idea of it, and hated what most of the results yielded, but she respected Ms S enough to at least try to heed her advice. Well, respect was a strong word. She liked Ms S well enough, but respect sounded too much like responsibility, and she was still young enough that she wasn’t supposed to worry about that shit.

In the incontinence section she was faced with what she’d read about online directly, and it sent jolts of terror down her spine just to consider it. She decided to go with the least embarrassing option and get plastic sheet covers for her bed. Then at least she could try to hide it from her parents a little longer. She hoped.

What really had her worried was getting the plastic sheet cover on without letting Andrea notice. Her plan was to wait for Andea to use the bathroom to brush her teeth and whatever, and do it fast before she came back. She hoped for all that she’d never have to explain anything like this to Andrea. She’d probably have to kill herself.

Andrea tried to pretend she hadn’t noticed anything. It was mostly easy. When she had gone to the bathroom down the hall to finish getting ready for bed, she’d noticed Christine jump into movement behind her. There was a lot of rustling and- crinkling? She decided not to care. It was probably some dumb surprise or joke Christine was playing. She’d been acting real suspicious all night, like she was planning something.

When she got back she walked in on Christine with her mattress half off the bed with her desperately trying to put some sort of sheet over it. That was the source of the crinkling. Was that thing made of plastic? Wasn’t that the sort of thing you put on your bed if you had a tendency to- Andrea cut off her line of thinking there. Didn’t want to think about it, or push further into what would definitely be uncomfortable territory for the both of them.

“Oh, uh!” Christine fumbled and pulled the rest of the sheet over and quickly tried to get it all back sorted like how it was. “Just changing out my- uh, bedding. You know- make sure it’s all- uh, clean. Yeah. I just did laundry this morning and- uh, haven’t had a chance to change it yet.” Her face was beet red and she was stammering through her sentences almost as bad as Andrea herself had when they met.

To put is short, it was awkward. So she sat on the floor with her sleeping bag and pretended that nothing had happened. Well this sucks, she thought. Everything was going so well. My nervousness had finally gone away and I thought we were actually having a pretty good night. Now I get this possible revelation and I just have to ignore it out of politeness? This was why Andrea hated talking to people.

“So-” Christine finally said to break the silence, “got any ghost stories?” Andrea let out her breath, which she hadn’t noticed she’d been holding. It seemed they weren’t going to have to discuss it further, and things could just go back to like how they were. At least, if Christine was going to act that way it would be easier to follow her lead. Still, Andrea would now have to live with the knowledge in the back of her mind of the possibility that her new best friend might still wet the bed.

Daniel didn’t dream. He was too afraid to. It was Saturday, so he hadn’t set an alarm, but he still rose with the sun that morning. He couldn’t stand another minute in bed with his thoughts, and despite his dread, needed to confirm his fears. He got up, went into the bathroom and undid his pants.

His shaft was gone. His balls had completely shriveled away to nothing. All that was left was a little bump that looked like it used to be the tip, with the tiny slit for pee to come out. He had to sit down for his morning pee. He nearly started crying as he did. His manhood had been completely taken from him.

Before he could even come up with how something like this could happen, he felt the familiar presence in his head stir.

Daniel? Came Eva’s voiced clearly in his mind. He hadn’t heard it so clear without her standing nearby before. Oh no, Daniel! You need to come to my house right away. I’m so sorry. I can explain everything.

Daniel felt numb. Of course. This was exactly the sort of thing he should have expected. Eva was messing with him again. Why not? Maybe it was punishment for the mutual masturbation session the night before. He knew he should feel ashamed about that but the only emotion he was able to grab onto at the moment was-

Anger. Eva… Eva!? She’d shrunk his dick with her magic mind powers, as what? Some or of funny prank? She didn’t seem to be amused by it. She’d actually sounded concerned in his head. But he’d latched onto to anger and spite and wasn’t ready to let go of it until he’d confronted her.

Yeah, he’d go to her house for an explanation. He was going to demand an explanation whether she was willing to give it or not. And if he didn’t like it- oh boy. He wasn’t sure what he’d do, but he let himself stew anyway. He marched out the door toward the girl in his head.

Andrea opened her eyes to find sunlight pouring into the bedroom. She glanced at her phone. It was almost noon. She’d really slept in late, despite having a hard time finding a comfortable position on the floor. She and Christine had stayed up ridiculously late.

Christine seemed to be stirring awake as well. Andrea slowly stretched and leaned forward, sitting upright. She glanced over at her friend, and saw something. Her blanket was noticeably wet. The dark patch seemed to start somewhere around Christine’s legs, and it didn’t take Andrea long to connect the dots. She quickly put her head back down and pretended to be asleep again.

Maybe if I let her wake up first, give her time to clean it up before I’m awake, maybe we won’t have to talk about it. Maybe she has some medical condition. I’m asleep, don’t look, don’t look.

To Andrea’s utter shock, Christine began sobbing softly, groaning, “Noooooo. No no this can’t be real.”

She knew Andrea was awake, it was hard to hide, so she sat up to see Christine in tears sitting in the middle of a ruined “waterproof” bed sheet. Faint urine smells wafted from the bed throughout the room. It was the clear the sheets had failed to really keep anything from getting wet.

Andrea didn’t know what to say. She didn’t say anything for a very long time, while Christine’s tears grew more and more hysterical. She sobbed deeply with her face buried in her knees on her bed.

Andrea, tentatively, stood and made a move toward her. She hesitated a moment, and finally decided to sit on the bed beside her friend. She tentatively moved a hand onto Christine’s back and began to try and comfort her.

*016*2018-11-16 11:08

Thanks, yeah like i said in the foreword heading thing for that last post, we're coming up on some pretty juicy bits. the plot is gonna feel like it's moving a lot faster and we're gonna see a lot more omo and probably sexual bits. so be ready for some fun stuff.

