A massage session - part 1

Author: Guest Masseur5

*000*2022-05-16 10:05

Note: This is fiction though some of it is based on one of my actual experiences. The rest is wishful thinking, if you like. Warning: it's not all strictly omo related but I hope that some of you will find it of interest anyway.

***

I really enjoy giving someone a massage. Well, I enjoy receiving one too; but there’s something about seeing and feeling someone becoming more and more relaxed as my hands work over their body that gives me a lot of pleasure. I’m not professionally trained - though I have been told I could charge for the touch of my fingers - but I’ve gathered a fair bit of experience over the years. Or should I say I’ve had a few experiences? Anyway, here's my memory of one of them.

Through circumstances that I won’t go into here, a man I’ll call Rod who I sometimes meet in the pub was aware of my ‘talent’ and after a pint or two together one evening he asked me if I’d be interested in giving his girlfriend a massage while he watched me doing it. That sounded intriguing so I readily agreed. We arranged that I’d come round to his flat the following Thursday evening when he knew that Jane (his girlfriend) would be in.

I was in a semi aroused state all day when Thursday came around as I daydreamed about what might unfold that evening. And when it came to it, the reality was even better than my wildest dreams! But I’m getting ahead of myself. I’ll try and tell things in the order they happened or I’ll have reached the climax (ahem - maybe I mean mine. I confess I have to stop typing every now and then - I expect you can imagine why! - as I’m recalling this) before I’ve finished.

Where was I? Oh yes.. setting off in my car for Rod and Jane’s flat on a rather wet and windy September evening some three or four years ago. I had my ‘gear’ with me, not that I needed much: a couple of thick, white freshly washed towels and a small bottle of baby oil plus a plastic sheet to cover the bed in case of spills was all that was required. Easily and discreetly carried in a small bag as I got out of my car which I’d parked at the end of their street, opened the gate that led to the block of flats and rang their bell.

There was no response at first so I hoped there hadn’t been some misunderstanding and I’d come to the wrong place or this wasn’t the time we’d arranged. But I was sure I’d got it right so I rang the bell again. After another short pause Rod’s voice came over the intercom. I identified myself, the door clicked open and I went up the stairs to their first floor flat.

As I approached, the door half opened and Rod greeted me quietly. He was wearing a dressing gown (and nothing else, as I soon discovered) and looked rather flushed. He opened the door more widely to let me in, closed it behind him and pointed to another door through which I caught my first sight of Jane, who was lying on a double bed that filled most of the room. And what a sight it was! She was in her early 30s (as was Rod) but could have passed for much younger as her unmadeup face was flawless and the skin on her body was smooth and unblemished. 

I could see most of it since all she was wearing was a white low cut bra and a pair of white cotton panties that were pulled up tightly round her waist, revealing a clear outline of the cleft between her slightly parted thighs. Like Rod, her face and indeed her whole upper body down to her barely concealed breasts were flushed and I guessed they’d been ‘warming up’ before I arrived. I sensed that this was going to be a very pleasant evening! And a pleasurable twitch in my pants backed this up.

Though one potential snag was that I was starting to need the toilet. I didn’t expect them to be into ‘watersports’ (it’s a niche area after all) and I’d meant to go before I left home, but in my eagerness to get there I’d neglected to do so. I suppose I could have asked them where the bathroom was before we began the main proceedings of the evening but Rod was obviously eager to get started so I decided to wait until we had a break. And my mind - and body -was soon occupied with other things which needed all my attention.

Rod explained that he’d like to sit in a chair beside the bed and just watch while I gave Jane her massage and she nodded her agreement. They’d evidently discussed this and planned things out - though in the end I reckon we all got a bit more than any of us has had expected. In the best possible way, I hasten to add! So I invited Jane to move to one side while I laid out the plastic covering and towels, explaining as I put the bottle of baby oil on a radiator to warm up that I didn’t want to risk getting any oil stains on their bedclothes. Or any other kinds of stains, I thought to myself but didn’t say out loud.

Once everything was prepared, I suggested to Jane that she lay face down on the towels and make herself comfortable with a pillow under her head. I was feeling decidedly overdressed so I took off all my clothes apart from my white briefs - though I did wonder if that would mean it would be very hard to conceal my arousal since I could feel a familiar throb between my thighs as I gazed down at the beautiful sight of a young woman lying face down in front of me waiting for the touch of my hands on her body.

The whole scene was evidently affecting Rod as well, as he let the front of his dressing gown fall open and I caught sight of his penis which was swelling and growing hard and erect. Now, I’m mainly attracted to women but in this case the whole set up was so erotic that I was willing to go along with whatever transpired. And since Rod was obviously fine with allowing me to see his arousal and Jane seemed relaxed about everything - well, who was I to draw a line anywhere? Indeed, I’m generally fine with almost anything provided it’s mutually agreed and doesn’t do anyone any harm.

The increased stirring in my briefs indicated that a certain part of my anatomy was more than fine with the situation. Time to get down to work! Not that it was work in any sense of the world. Play would be a better word as I knelt behind Jane and bent over her outstretched body to place my lightly oiled hands gently on her shoulders. She shivered slightly - not with cold, I was sure, as my hands were warm but rather, I felt, with anticipatory pleasure.

I won’t give a moment by moment account of what happened over the next hour or so - but I will mention that, pleasurable though it was to all three of us, I started to become increasingly concerned about my growing need to pee. And just as I was about to call for a break so I could slip off to the bathroom, Jane (who had removed her bra and was now lying face up) placed her hands on mine where they were gently rubbing her inner thighs and held them still before saying

“Could we take a break for a bit?”

I guessed that she needed to pee too! This was getting interesting. She must have been aware of my state of arousal as she kept glancing at the firm outline of the bulge in my briefs.

To be continued.

