A Long Shift

Author: Guest drenna

*000*2019-01-30 16:38

Hello! This is a story I wrote for OmoL, who had the idea of a waitress from a diner getting desperate at work and rushing home to use the toilet. Even though I don't think it's my best work writing-wise, I had a lot of fun working on this, and I hope you all enjoy reading it

“Hey ma'am? Can I get another glass of sweet tea?”

Laura stopped in her tracks, looking to the customer with an anxious expression on her face. She managed to force a smile and respond, “Of course.”

She grabbed the pitcher of iced tea off the nearby counter and walked towards the customer slowly, cautiously. The pitcher had just been filled, and Laura had to move with great care to make sure none of the liquid sloshed out. You could say the pitcher and Laura’s bladder had a few things in common.

It’d had been a long and busy day at the diner where Laura worked. People just kept pouring in, never giving the staff a chance to catch their breath. It was also in the middle of summer, and although the a.c worked just fine, it did little to help with so many individuals packed into one space. Between running from table to table and grabbing food from the scorching hot kitchen, Laura had to drink a lot of water throughout the day just to keep from overheating.

Sadly, gulping down glasses of water was all Laura had time to do. As the day had progressed she made many attempts to run the restroom, but something always got in the way. A broken glass that needed to be swept up, another table that needed to be served, or another customer asking for a refill.

Finding it increasingly hard to keep still, Laura rubbed her thighs together as she poured, the sound of trickling liquid torturing her. Thankfully, everything above her knees was covered by the 1950s-esque waitress dress she was required to wear.

After being thanked by the customer, Laura put the pitcher back down and glanced at the clock hanging above her. It read 6:30 pm.

“Oh thank God.” Laura thought, rushing to get out of sight and clock out before she was asked to do anything else.

She shuffled into the empty break room, closing the door behind her before pressing her legs together and bouncing up and down. It felt so good to be able to squirm after having to hide her need for so long. Once she felt a bit more in control, Laura grabbed her things and took a quick look in the mirror propped up against the wall. Her dark brown hair was a mess, slowly falling out of the bun she had put it in before work started. There were faint, dark circles beneath her hazel eyes, a result of staying up late before remembering she had work in the morning. The dress she was wearing clung to her curvy figure well, but it was a bit wrinkled from all the running around she did. It was a good thing her shift was ending, because she was starting to look a bit unhinged.

Laura straightened out her appearance the best she could before throwing all of her things in her bag and heading to the restroom, which was right by the back door of the building. Her bladder quivered in anticipation as she drew closer and she had to stop and squirm for a moment to calm it down.

However, when Laura approached the door, her heart dropped down to her stomach.

In front of her was a crudely written sign that read, “OUT OF ORDER”.

“Shit…” Laura hissed, shifting her weight from foot to foot. She tried to go in anyway but the door was locked. She felt her bladder jolt once again, unhappy that it's chance to empty was snatched away. It looked like she would just have to try and make it home.

Sighing, Laura tore herself away from the restroom and walked out of the building. She hopped into her car and took a few minutes to fidget in private, steeling herself for the long drive ahead, before pulling out of the parking lot.

“It usually only takes about 20 minutes to get home.” Laura thought. “I should be able to hold that long…”

Laura wished she didn’t have to drive, longing to press her legs together. Whenever she didn’t have two hands on the wheel she placed one on her lap, just barely resisting the urge to shove it between her thighs.

She placed a hand on her stomach to rub her sore bladder, and was horrified to feel something round and hard. She glanced down to find that her bladder was so full that it was beginning to bulge out of her abdomen. This revelation only seemed to increase Laura’s desperation, and she whimpered as she writhed around in her seat.

“Only ten more minutes…”

Even with the ticking time bomb in her abdomen being squished by her seat-belt, Laura didn’t think she was in too much trouble. She was confident that she would make it home dry, even though it might be a bit of close call.

That confidence was shattered when she turned the corner to see a block of cars in the distance.

“Oh for fuck’s sake...” She said, slowing and eventually stopping behind the car in front of her. “Of course there’s traffic.”

A work convoy a few miles ahead was causing traffic to move unimaginably slow. Laura dug her nails into her thigh while she rocked back and forth, her patience wearing down by the minute, and took the opportunity to cross her legs tightly while she waited for the road to clear. She couldn’t manage to sit still, feeling like she’d burst if she stopped moving for even a second.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee…”

Fifteen minutes later, Laura was officially frantic. She was bouncing, scissoring her legs, rubbing her thighs together and anything else she could think of to try and keep everything in. She finally gave into the urge to hold herself and pressed a hand into the skirt of her dress. The relief it offered drew a quivering sigh from her lips, but it still wasn’t nearly enough. Laura wished she could sit on her heel and grind into it for more pressure, but her car was too small.

On the bright side, traffic was beginning to clear, and Laura uncrossed her legs so she could drive properly, despite the ache in her abdomen and between her legs that advised against it. Rocking her hips, Laura drove as fast as she legally could, whimpering and cursing to herself all the while. The pressure was getting excruciating, and the simple thought of getting to the toilet was enough to make her bladder spasm.

Finally, Laura was right down the street from her home. She came across another red light and shoved both of her hands into her crotch once she’d stopped the car. She was panting now, her body tense and legs quivering with the effort to keep her seat dry.

“Oh, I have to go-ah!” Laura yelped. She felt something warm and wet escape her, dampening her hands. She looked down and found a small wet spot on her dress. A string of curses escaped her mouth as Laura held herself even tighter, begging the light to turn green before she leaked again.

Once it did, Laura sped down the road and pulled into her driveway. She grabbed her bag, got out of the car and hobbled to the front door, keeping a hand buried between her thighs. She bounced up and down while she frantically searched for her keys.

“Come on, come on…!”

She whined, feeling another couple of drops leak out, and began to dance from foot to foot as she shoved the key into the door.

As soon as the door opened, Laura nearly collapsed into the house, slamming the door behind her and dropping her things before shoving her other hand into her crotch. She ran in place for a second, begging her body to hold on for just a few more minutes.

Slowly, Laura shuffled down the hall towards her bathroom, pausing every few seconds to squeeze her legs together. Another few spurts escaped her the second she placed her hand on the door knob. It took all of Laura’s willpower not to give into the relief, trembling as she felt streams of piss rolling down her leg.

She knew she only had a few seconds left before the dam broke. She had to make one final push. After taking a deep breath, Laura threw open the door and dashed to the toilet, scrambling to slide down her underwear as her bladder let out leak after leak. Finally, Laura sat down on the toilet and let go.

Laura buried her face in her hands and let out a loud moan of relief. The sound of her stream was almost deafening, pounding against the water below. The ache in her abdomen slowly disappeared along with with the bulge her bladder had created, and she lost herself in the feeling of release after holding for so long. By the time she was done, Laura was almost panting with relief.

However, she knew she hadn’t made it home completely dry, and looked down to inspect the damage. Her underwear was completely soaked, along with her legs. She noticed that there were multiple drops on the floor, and a small puddle outside the bathroom door, which she neglected to close.

“Thank God I live alone…” She thought.

Although she basically wet herself, and had a bit of a mess to clean up, Laura was satisfied. She was just happy to not have that unbearable sensation between her legs anymore. However, for some odd reason, she felt another, more pleasurable one, take its place.

