Western Candyland

Author: Guest FlowerMouse

*000*2019-11-03 14:38

The sun sauntered to the horizon, washing the quaint, old town in a pleasant pink. The brightly colored European-styled buildings dazzled with hints of glitter in their bricks. Candy cane telephone poles soared high into the air. A young man on a horse trotted down a pink, dusty, dirt street. He had shaggy, peppermint striped hair, with blue freckles. His mint-white skin was covered by a plain, warm coat, and long, black pants with boots. He gripped his horse's reigns, as he wished he had brought a scarf.

"If I have to deliver one more package in this freezing weather," he chattered, "I'm going to become a fucking pop-sickle."

Despite the innocent, playful aura of the land, curse words were still used. How many on a daily basis appeared was based on the community. He saw multiple people scowl at him. He assumed they didn't like it so much.

He complained, "Of course, this guy's stupid present or whatever is halfway across town."

Digging into his coat pocket, he discreetly tried to hold himself.

"And this is one of the best days that I don't get a break, too. Warren better give me an extra few dimes this time around."

Feeling self-conscious, he put his humanoid hands onto the horse. He steered her to the right, entering a new street.

"Are horses supposed to have socks or something?" he asked the horse. "I live down south, so I really don't know."

The horse could not answer because she was a horse.

He uncomfortably adjusted himself, as the horse jiggled on. The constant bouncing of the horse was making his bladder's muscles weak.

"Maybe I can get one of those lady saddles," he joked to himself.

A sudden sharp jolt made him bite his lip. He hunched forward, gripping himself. Sharp feelings raced up and down his spine, making his limbs jittery. He whispered a string of curses, as he pleaded his bladder not to give up just yet. The young man pressed his thighs together, hoping that his need would cease. After a few seconds of fear, his nervous system stopped signaling.

He whispered pitifully, "At least let me deliver this god-fucking package."

The pair made their way down sprawling paths. Tall, brick structures blocked out the lowering sun. Carriges, horse riders and people were the many annoyances on the road. Their path lead them to the outskirts of town, where mint grass could be seen. Licorice fences bordered the road. His face donned a hopeful smile, as he directed the horse to a distant mansion. A large, fancy house soon appeared in view.

The pair trotted down a crumbly, gram cracker road. The landscape was dotted with colorful jawbreakers and gumdrops.

"Wish me luck," he whispered to the mare, as he tightly gripped the package.

He swung his leg over the horse, and landed on the ground with a heavy thud. His body shuddered, as he felt all liquid slosh against his will. Tingling nerves signlaled extreme need. Thighs clamped together, he took a deep breath. One hand held a package, and the other his groin. He waddled up to the shimmering silver front porch, and pounded his fist on the door. Instantaneously, a maid ripped open the door.

"Package for Mister Locke," he declared.

With shy hands, the dark blue maid daintily received the package.

She chirped, "I will give this to him right away."

She paused, as she took a second to study the odd man. He was bouncing on his heels, shivering and wiggling in the cold. He looked pathetic.

"Are you sure you don't want to come in for a minute?" she asked, "You look extremely uncomfortable."

He hoped she was just talking about the weather.

"I'm fine," he squeaked, "Have a good day, ma'am!"

He shuffled into the cold, adding a polite goodbye wave in order to signal the conversation to an end.

"For a minute?" she offered, "It really looks like you need a ba-"

"Goodbye, ma'am," he stressed, annoyed.

He quickly hurried back to his horse, which was patiently watching him. With a bite of his hip, and a blue tinted face of cold and embarrassment, he hopped onto his horse. She quickly trotted down the path they came from. Only now, his need seemed to worsen threefold. His fingers, numb from the cold, dug into his crotch. He steered his horse every so often, winding down the mansion path into the main road. He tried to search for a private spot, but even in the outskirts of the sprawling town, there seemed to be humanoids littered everywhere.

"How big is this place?" he whispered, bright green eyes wide with wonder.

He fidgeted constantly, as the stables drew into view. His face grew hopeful, but a strong sensation overcame his body. Horrified, he felt his muscles spasm. A long dribble of piss shot down his neg.

"Fuck-! We're so close!" he muttered, clamping his muscles as hard as he could.

He bent over in effort, as his hand tried to hold his liquids in as best as he could. No amount of fidgeting could keep him comfortable. Finally, they arrived at the quiet barn doors. The sky was now a dark indigo, casting frightening shadows on the land down below. Biting his lip, and scrunching his face in concentration, he tried his best to delicately fold his legs over his horse. With attempted delicate precision, he flopped onto the ground.

Instantaneously, he felt his muscles loosen. Relief swept through his body.

"No, no, no," he whined, feeling the shame of assorted eyes scanning him, "Not now!"

Too late. A loud rush of liquids broke the peaceful silence of the country night. He tightly bit his lip, as he tried to tighten his muscles. However, they had given up. Liquid pooled into his underwear, than soaked his pants. Shame clashed with relief. Warm piss sloshed against his legs, creating a distinct stain. Despite his efforts to keep quiet, a moan escaped his lips. An indescribable amount of liquid burst out of him. Finally, after what seemed like a very long minute, he could hear the final droplets of piss hit the now soaked dirt.

Swallowing the shameful lump in his throat, he croaked, "Well, um... This is inconvenient."

He detested the part of him that wanted to do it again. He reasoned that it was because the air was cold, and his liquids weren't. However, the stiff feeling in his groin seemed to cancel that theory. With shaking legs, he wobbled over to his intently watching horse, and unlocked the barn door. A waft of horse stench and hay filled his nostrils. He, however, was used to it. They waltzed over to the pen. Knowing what to do, she wandered into it. He took off her reigns, and set it on a hook.

He was about to turn around and face criticism from his mother, when he heard a voice claim, "Hey, Erian!"

He whipped around, fearful that somebody was going to make fun of him.

"Who said that?" he squeaked.

"Me," confidently stated his horse.

His bright green eyes widened. His throat grew dry, as his face took on a more embarrassed blue.

He shrieked, "Macy?! I thought talking horses were only legend!"

"Well," she explained, "I guess not."

The man gawked at his horse, who looked very amused. He sputtered out nonsense words.

"Anyway," she continued, "I just wanted to thank you for today."

He blinked, confused.

"You treat me so well. My riders before you used to beat me. You talk to me! And I appreciate that."

He whimpered a small thank you.

"Do you know what else I appreciate? You putting on that show a minute ago. I was bored. Like, really bored. Walking in the same town every day gets boring! However, when you were wiggling and moaning, I was like, "Wow! Is he going going to make it or nah?" Also, the moaning was a good plus."

She bounced her eyebrows.

"Anyway, Erian, you're a good man. Keep at it."

He felt a surge of both confidence and humiliation. At least she wasn't mentioning the liquids part.

"Also," she mentioned, "You stink."

"You too, pea-brain," he drawled, feeling worn out from the new experiences he was having.

He slowly turned around, quietly slinking to the door.

"Did you mean p-e-e brain, or p-e-a brain?" she called after him, as he shut the door.

He sighed, as he turned around back to the path. He gazed into the dark sky, shimmering with stars. He thought he was going to be walking home with one problem, but ended up walking home with two.

Thanks for reading my clusterfuck! (That's a cool word; people should use it more.)

