Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - A GT Story; Pan's Pit Stop

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2018-03-24 05:57

After Rage Shenron's defeat & meltdown. Goku & Pan were about to continue traveling onwards until our heroic travelers had to take care of their desperate situation...

Pan: Um Grandpa...!!!!

(Kid) Goku: Hmm? Something wrong Pan?

Pan: Can we stop for a moment and well.....

(Kid) Goku: Spit it out Pan what is it?

Pan: *whimpers then yells* Go pee somewhere!

(Kid) Goku: Oh hmm well I gotta go too so I'll just use a tree there's a bush & some other trees over---

Pan: Are you crazy!? I'm not going to pee outdoors Grandpa that's so un-lady like!

(Kid) Goku: Well it's either that or keep on holding it until we find a city that a Shadow Dragon is around, it's your call.

Pan: (WHAT!? Okay Grandpa has a point should I pee outdoors or keep on holding it?) Hmmm....

(Kid) Goku: Well Pan, which is it?

Pan: Fine I'll pee but I'm gonna try pee somewhere else so you won't see me got it!?

(Kid) Goku: Okay then but don't go too far now then time to release the water falls.

Giru: giru, giru, Can Giru come with Pan?

Pan: No Giru stay with Grandpa.

[Pan searches around the area to find a good place to relieve herself]

Pan: Hmmm... Oh behind this boulder will do just fine. Okay then time to...ugh...pee outdoors for the first time (and hopefully the last time).

Pan: Dammit! I'm having a hard time to unbuckle my belt! *belt snaps open* Ah there we go! *pulls her Grey Jeans down*

(Kid) Goku: Ah much better I wonder if Pan is already fini--- *Pan Screams Loudly* Uh oh, Pan!

Giru: giru, giru, Pan in Danger! Pan in Danger!

Pan *shaking in fear*: Nice Tiger *gulp* nice tiger... *wets her white panties while on the ground* Oh man I wet myself.....

(Kid) Goku: Pan you alright!?

Pan: Does it look like I'm alright!? [The Tiger continues to taunt]

(Kid) Goku: Leave my granddaughter alone! *Giru launches a small rocket* [The Tiger Flees cowardly quickly away from the attack but fails] *BOOM*

Pan: Thank you Grandpa & Giru but I wet myself *continues wetting herself out of embarrassment/fear of her white panties* at least it feels good at least.

(Kid) Goku: Well as long you aren't hurt and also.... did you....

Pan: Yes Grandpa?

(Kid) Goku: Did you brought extra underwear in your backpack?

Pan: *stops peeing* *turns Red*...... OF COURSE I DIDN'T BRING EXTRA UNDERWEAR! I NEVER EXPECTED TO WET MYSELF IF I WAS GOING TO BRING ANY!

(Kid) Goku: I'm sorry I asked I just thought that you might've did.

Pan: WELL YOU THOUGHT WRONG GRANDPA! *Get's up & pulls pants up* Lets keep going and never mentioned this to Papa & anyone else.

Giru: giru, giru, Pan wet herself, giru, giru.

Pan: That goes for you too Giru!

This is the Final Chapter of "DB Omo: The Lost Chronicles." New/Final Chapter for "DB: Omo Chronicles" will be coming soon next.....

*001*2018-04-16 04:25

Will you make a story with Brianne, Mirai Mai, DBS Bulma or DBS 18?

*002*2018-04-16 19:59

{{15 hours ago, HanoX said:

Will you make a story with Brianne, Mirai Mai, DBS Bulma or DBS 18?

}}

I've been thinking about reusing a character for my last chapter for "DB: Omo Chronicles" I don't believe I worked on one with Future Mai so maybe I should use her instead. Hopefully I'll get to work on my last story this month.

