Putting her friend's needs above her own

Author: Gemgirl

*000*2019-05-31 16:54

Hana was carefully cutting vegetables, sliding them gently into the pot on the stove and gently smelling it. But as she was doing so her legs were shifting quite a bit and she let out a soft groan.

Her best friend, Tia, was sick and she was doing her best to look after her. Her care for her friend was rather strong that is was making her ignore her now rather urgent own needs. She soon turned off the stove and poured the soup into a bowl, gently placing it on a tray and pouring a glass of orange juice with it. Her bladder twinged a bit, her jeans feeling a little tighter than normal, as she poured. She gasped. “Keep it together Hana. Tia needs you. You can hold it in for her.”

Hana carried the tray upstairs to Tia's room her mind wandering a little as she passed the bathroom door. “I'll just leave her this and then head to the bathroom.” she told herself as she entered Tia's bedroom.

Tia was lying in her bed, coughing and wiping her nose. Her face was red and puffy as she blew her nose into a tissue.

Hana smiled as she placed down the tray by Tia's bed. “Here you are, Tia.” she said warmly. Carefully, Hana spooned out some soup and, after blowing on it, fed it to Tia. She tried to move quickly but Tia was eating slowly. Hana crossed her legs watching the soup slowly disappear until finally Tia spoke up that she had had enough. She returned the spoon to the bowl placed the orange juice down on a coaster. “I'll wash this up now.” she pulled a small bell down from one of the shelves and placed it next to Tia's bed. “Ring this if you need me okay.”

Tia nodded and let out a short “Thanks”.

Hana carried the tray out of the room grimacing as her bladder was complaining. She just had to drop this off in the kitchen and then go pee. She made her way past the bathroom again. Her legs tensed up.

Hana quickly dumped the tray by the sink in the kitchen and the sound of Tia's bell sounded. She grimaced as she grabbed her crotch fighting back the oncoming flood. She rushed up to Tia's room going past the bathroom again and sighing as pressed her legs together.

Hana re-entered the room smiling as best she could. Tia nodded at her and pointed towards the empty orange juice glass. “Can you get me some more?”

Hana nodded smiling warmly. “Of course.” She took the glass and made to leave. Bending forward and crossing her legs.

Tia looked at her concerned. “Everything alright?”

Hana blushed. She didn't want to admit her plight. She was a little shy about these things and anyway, her friend came first. “I'm fine. I'll be right back.” She headed out the room. As soon as she was out she jammed a hand to her crotch. She had to go really badly now but as she passed the bathroom she still refused to. Tia was sick and she really didn't want to keep her waiting. “Hana, you're a big girl. You can hold it in.” She told herself, even as she was doubled over and squeezing herself.

She made it to the kitchen, quickly retrieved the carton of orange juice and poured it into the glass. As the almost yellow liquid flowed into the glass Hana let out another gasp as she held herself tightly with her free hand. She gritted her teeth and squirmed keeping it in. As soon as she was done she took the glass and made her way back up.

On the stairs she moved extra carefully. Making sure not to spill a drop. But as she wobbled from the climb and her fight with all the contained fluids in her bladder. The juice sloshed in the glass making her heart pound, her breathing heavy and her legs to tense up even more. “Just a bit more. Just bring her this and then you can pee to your hearts content”.

She somehow made it to Tia's room and set the glass down beside the bed. “Here we are, Tia.” She said as she turned and almost dashed out the room.

“Wait!” Tia called out, causing Hana to freeze just outside the door.

Hana turned back trying not to sound annoyed.

Tia looked a bit bashful. “I need the bathroom. Mind taking me?” She said getting a little redder. “Not going in with me. Just walking me down the hall and making sure I don't fall over.”

Hana cursed her luck but nodded. “Of course.” She headed back over and took Tia's hand. Assist her out of bed and carefully escorting her down the hall. Trying not to be too tense or rough. Having her legs pressed together. As soon as they reached the bathroom door Tia carefully shambled in. Shivering a little as she closed the door.

As soon as the door closed Hana gripped her crotch tightly. Dancing on the spot. She gritted her teeth moaning a little trying to just hold on for a bit longer. She could do this. She had to pee but was determined to... her heart raced as she felt a little dribble leak out. “No!” She let out as a whisper, grimacing as she rocked back and forth. Screwing up her face in concentration. Soon she heard the flush of the toilet inside and grimaced again, bending over to squeeze her pee hole shut.

Tia soon emerged and Hana quickly composed herself. Tia took Hana's hand and leaning on her shoulder for support walked back to her room. Hana moving slowly and trying not to nudge her bladder too much.

As soon as Tia was in bed Hana darted out almost at a sprint. Rushing down the hall and reaching for the bathroom door handle. As soon as her fingers made contact the ringing of Tia's bell came again. Hana bent over and groaned her frustrated bladder complaining again about the long wait. Hana turned around and waddled back to Tia's room.

Tia was staring at her suspiciously. “Everything okay? You just kinda ran off. Are you alright?”

Hana nodded even as she could no longer stand dignified before her friend. “I'm fine. I just need to...” She trailed off embarrassed.

Tia raised an eyebrow. “Need to what?”

Hana sighed, took a deep breath and squeezed herself again. “I need to... need to... GAH!!!” She cried out as another wave hit her. This time she wasn't ready and a large amount of it burst forth into her panties and soon her jeans. As her strength gave out she collapsed on the floor as a puddle of pee coated the carpet beneath her.

Tia stared in shock. “Hana?!”

Hana hung her head. “Sorry. I really needed to go.”

Tia shook her head. “Then why didn't you?”

Hana blushed and admitted “I was a little to busy looking after you.”

Tia laughed. “Hana, seriously. If you needed to go I could have waited for you.”

Hana blushed again and slinked out of the room. “I better get myself and this cleaned up.”

Tia shook her head. “Seriously girl. Look after yourself for once.”

