Total Drama (What-If): Brody's Desperation

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2021-06-16 18:35

Before the Ridonculous Race begins, our Contestants were getting ready for preparations. We get our returning favorites such as Owen, Noah, & Geoff yet with the likes of Geoff he isn't alone when it comes to his best buddies that he considers as a bro named Brody. Both Geoff & Brody were finishing up their preparations until...

Geoff: Man we're gonna be late Bro, I think stopping by for some grub wasn't a good idea but man those Breakfast Tacos were delicious from that Airport!

Brody: They did look good but for me I had an awesome Large Smoothie instead to fill me up.

Geoff: Won't lie dude I think you missed out but oh well maybe next time you'll grab something later to eat-- Um Taxi Driver dude, can you speed up? We're kind of in a hurry.

Taxi Driver: Sorry sir but it looks like we got caught in a Traffic.

Little does Geoff know, Don decided to increase the Meeting Time Start because he heard that other contestants got caught in Traffic Jams as well...

Brody: Oof, I think need to go pee bro

Geoff: Well you did have a Large Smoothie for breakfast but knowing you, you can hold that bladder like it's nothing!

Brody: Totally can bro, surely this traffic won't be too long

Meanwhile...

Don: Well that sucks, some of the Contestants are already here while others are still in traffic... well I guess it was a good thing that I did increase the Meeting Time Start besides I needed to have breakfast myself. They'll be here soon though...

15 Minutes later

Brody: *being squirm-ish but taking it like a man* Ugh... man bro I gotta go bad but not too bad, like I said I can take-- *farts then laughs/chuckles* well at least that was let out.

Taxi Driver: Phew that stinks, I'm rolling down the window & to make this clear... DON'T YOU DARE WET YOURSELF IN MY TAXI! Do I make myself clear?

Brody: *Tinkles a TINY BIT out of fear (somewhat)* Okay dude, like chill, no need to outburst oops I said burst *laughs a little*

Geoff: I agree Bro, the guy needs a chill pill besides you hardly wet yourself so I believe you can pull this through.

Brody *being squirm-ish*: Righteous dude, I will!

10 more minutes later but the Traffic Jam finally started to keep things moving...

Geoff: Finally, we're out of that traffic Brody which means you'll be able to use the Restroom in no time sweat!

Brody *being a bit more squirm-ish*: Yeah!-- oof yeah I need to go bad bro so I don't think I can hold it any--

Taxi Driver: Don't pee in my Car!

Brody: I'm trying!

Taxi Driver: You better not pee in my damn Car!

Brody: The more you yell the more I might will!

Geoff: Chill guys we're there now!

The Taxi Driver stops...

Brody: Screw the Restroom Bro I'll use the tree!

Geoff: You do you Bro!

Brody pisses on a Public Tree right in the open in front of the other Contestants including Don being present of course...

Don: Really!? Right in front of us, you couldn't go earlier?

Geoff: The guy didn't hadn't to go then until that Traffic Jam dude, hey Brody you feel better now?

Brody *peeing in relief & has a steam*: Oh yeah, much better now Bro, I feel so alive! *stops peeing*

Don: Riiiight... Okay let's get this show on the roll

Brody: Does anyone have any Wet Napkins? I think I got some urine on my hands

Noah: Luckily I do just in case if my hands get super dirty

Brody: Righteous dude, thanks!

