My Awesome Girlfriend Likes to Use Me as a Pillow

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2021-12-21 01:16

Luz Noceda just woke up from a nap and found her awesome girlfriend leaning her head on her shoulder. They had fallen asleep on the couch halfway through (re)watching The Good Witch Azura 2: The Field of Deadly Fates. She felt an urge to pee and couldn't get up without disturbing, and possibly waking up Amity.

Amity Blight looked so cute sleeping on her shoulder. Luz subconsciously crossed her legs. Her lavender hair, the smell of Amity, everything about this moment gave Luz a lot of serotonin. The peaceful, beautiful girl made Luz's heart flutter. She stared at Amity's relaxed state for a while, admiring her beauty. Until Luz's bladder was sending frantic signals to her brain.

"Uh oh, I really need to go to the bathroom right now." Luz thought to herself. "But I can't wake up my awesome girlfriend, she looks so cute and relaxed. She deserves this nap, after all, we just finished all our exams yesterday."

Luz looked around the room and spotted a giant pillow. "I know, I'll just quickly replace myself with a pillow so that Amity can continue to sleep."

Luz reached over and grabbed the giant pillow. She had to uncross her legs in the process and that caused her bladder to send a wave of desperation. She lightly grabbed her crotch to stop a leak. "Oooh, come on, just one more minute and I'll be able to pee," Luz assured herself. She replaced her shoulder with the pillow and allowed Amity's head to softly land on it. "Phew, well that takes care of that," Luz thought.

Suddenly, Amity reached over and hugged Luz in the lower abdomen. Just at the right spot to squeeze her poor bladder.

"Ahhhh!" Luz exclaimed. This surprised her and caused her to leak. She clamped her legs back into a crossed position and jammed a hand into her crotch. She managed to stem the flow, but not before a tennis ball sized wet patch formed on Luz's jeans. Her bladder was now in immense pain, being squished by Amity's hug was threatening to pop it like an overfilled balloon. "Oooh" Luz moaned and tightened her grip on her crotch. She wasn't sure how much longer she could hold it.

"Mmmm, Luz" Amity muttered alluringly in her sleep and proceeded to tighten her hug on Luz.

*Ssssssssssss* Luz's bladder couldn't take it anymore.

"I tried so hard and got so far," Luz thought. "But in the end, it doesn't even matter."

Her dam got breached and now pee was coming out of her like a hose. The relief felt good for Luz. "Eda's gonna kill me when she sees the mess I made on the couch." Luz though

After a minute or two, her stream died down. And Luz realized that Amity was still tightly hugging Luz. She was gonna have to just sit there with warm and soggy pants and panties for God knows how long. And she's gonna be so embarrassed when Amity eventually wakes up and sees her like this.

A/N: This story was heavily inspired by a recent comic that MoringMark (u/makmark in Reddit) made titled "Taking a nap". Source:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=system&controller=embed&url=https://www.reddit.com/r/TheOwlHouse/comments/rkouik/taking_a_nap/?utm_medium=android_app%26utm_source=share"

This is just a one-shot short story I was inspired to make after reading that comic.

For those of you interested in more Lumity Omorashi content, I am currently writing a series titled "Amity Blight's trip to the human realm" Source:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/71500-amity-blights-trip-to-the-human-realm/?do=embed"

$$

$$

$$

