A Bladd day at School

Author: garageguy

*000*2017-12-07 04:15

I'm doing this on another member's request, payment, and story outline suggestion. Hope 'yall enjoy!

This is not finished, but I'll go ahead and put the first part out there.

Krystal's watch alarm went off just as she thought she would make it to campus on time. She would have been there early, but had realized she had left her history homework at Casey's the night before when she first arrived. Since Casey's house was so close to the campus, she decided to just run there and back. But morning traffic had blocked her on the way back (with the crosswalks and all), thus slowing her down. Nevertheless, her alarm was purposely set 15 minutes early, so she still had some buffer. She just couldn't brag to Casey and Hanna that she had arrived at the college 15 minutes early every day of the first 9 weeks anymore.

"Bother," she thought. "I'll just have to try again next quarter." Meanwhile, the jog had left her panting and thirsty. She was an athletic girl, in fact she had beaten her computery older brother in so many wrestling matches when they were younger that he almost automatically submitted to her when she tackled him nowadays. But a jog on a school morning that she had not warmed up for at all had consequences nonetheless (though she was glad she had decided to wear a thin, light green t-shirt even though it was a bit small instead of the hotter black one).

She walked with a slight stagger to the main building, thankful for the air conditioning inside (it was late summer). Imediately, she went over to the vending machines and bought a large vitamin water. Guzzling this down, she decided she would need some ordinary water to completely quench her thirst (vitamin water, or any dring with something dissolved in it, can be quite unsatisfying). With a few minutes left, she filled the empty bottle at the water fountains and then went over to a bench to finish recovering from the jog. She had just finished it when her phone calendar notification for class start went off. Getting up she felt a slight twinge in her bladder as her tight jeans put pressure on it from the way she rose.

Why had she not taken the time to switch into the right size jeans? The problem of finding pants that were the right size was amplified at the moment since she was just coming out of a growth spurt, during which her grandmother had sent her many a pair of pants. Sorrily, most of these pairs were still in almost-new shape, but unusable because they were now too small. She decided she didn't have time to go to the bathroom since that was probably what all the careless students would be doing, and she couldn't wait for them, nor did she want to be seen by/with them. As she headed to class, however, something at the back of her mind seemed to be trying to warn her about something involving today and the women's bathroom, but she couldn't remember what it was.

*002*2017-12-07 19:14

Second part, hopefully just as good, and with no real transition jump.

While semi-relaxing her lower to try and estimate how pee-filled she really was, she entered the classroom, only to run into Casey, who had decided to go through the door at the exact same moment. Both dropped supplies, and were lightly trampled by other students while trying to gather them up again. Krystal had been hit squarely midway between the bellybutton and crotch with one of Casey's heavier books as it slipped out of her stack of books, jolting pressure onto her sphincter. This made her drop comparatively more of her supplies, and she was sure that a stream of pee had hit her panties. Casey finished first, then set down her things and started helping Krystal. Midway through this, she stopped, looking confusedly at the pile in Krystal's arms. Then she put her hand over her lower face, looking embarrased.

"Oh! I'm so sorry, I meant to bring your history stuff with me this morning. And you went back to my house to get it." Krystal looked back at the book she had just put on her pile, and unsuprisingly it was her main history textbook.

"Never mind, it was good exercise for me anywayeee!" Whilst getting up, she had pulled the corner of her own stack into the bladder region, thus again causing a considerable force. Thankfully, she was not doing borderline-of-danger experiments with herself this time through, but the force was still quite uncomfortable because her bladder, miraculous as it seemed, was now noticeably fuller that it had been when they started picking up supplies. Or had they just taken a long time? Thankfully, Casey had been picking up her own stack at the moment Krystal's pitch had changed, and thus did not appear to notice. They moved to their seats, to the relief of several annoyed students waiting behind them.

Krystal almost hoped that some of the pushier students would drop their books for the same reason that she and Casey had, but Proffessor Degranson came in before she could contemplate on this. Besides, her bladder was bugging her. "Good morning class." Prof. Degranson (pronounced DEad + GRowl + ENd +SON) said in his sharp voice, rather nice sounding in contrast to his overstrict attitude towards the students. He seemed so ready to pull a rule or regulation on the students over the tiniest thing that he had been called "Proffessor DegrandsonofzeEPA," and even the other teachers had been heard talking about him being "so legalistic." One thing was sure, her chances of escaping class long enough to get a bathroom break were probably in the C3PO odds ranges.

Note: Just noticed the theme to the pronunciation guide. This was entirely accidental, whith I think makes it all the more funny. It's things like this where God plays a joke on you :)

*005*2017-12-08 18:11

I hope this is just as good. I did a little school-related criticism in this part. If you fin it offensive just say something and I will internally redefine my ideas of what is acceptable on this website.

"Now, over the past days we have been discussing the basic outline of world history. Since we are now up to the present day in that outline, we shall now move to a detailed discussion of the basic framework we have constructed. As you all know, we shall start off with the origin of the universe." Here we go again, Krystal thought. Prof. Degranson was a stark Evolutionist, which put him at odds with her (a six-day, young earth creationist). Generally she got along alright with the rest of the school (Hanna and Casey being the only other ones there that she knew believed the same thing she did), but when she made an overzealous statement on her first homework submission which she knew did not match what was in her textbook it had set her as his specific enemy. Even at that, she might have been fine. But as I said he was very picky about the rules (though in general he was a good history teacher), and that blew the buffer, so to speak.

She crossed her legs, grateful that she did not have to pay much attention since, as a history class, ranges considered "prehistoric" were only lightly quizzed, but at the same time frustrated that she couldn't do something more productive, like peeing, for example. Oh no, that was a mistake. Her bladder ached at the thought of finally just letting the stream flow, gently vibrating her urethra as it would do so, making a pouring sound in the toilet. In the peak of tension she let a small spurt out by mistake, and heard it hit her panties. "No! I will NOT wet myself in school!" But she couldn't gt the idea out of her head now. She knew that it felt sooooo good to just pee and feel the warmth all around, but she fought the urge back with the thoughts of embarrassment, cleanup, and when the pee would cool down. Her fighting skills in this area, however were weak. And the pressure was only building.

Not as long, I know. I may do more later today.

*008*2017-12-08 22:54

Well, praise God. He has to have been the One taught me what the writers mean when they say "write about what you know," because I was stumped.

*010*2017-12-09 01:20

I think this is the last segment where I'll be making fun of Evolution, though it may cross the hypothetical line. If it does, just say so and I'll dial back for future reference.

"You okay?" Casey whispered, knowingly risking being caught by the Russian police in front of them, who was discussing the transition from the garblezoic to the malformecian periods, or something like that. Krystal couldn't have figured it out if she'd tried. She needed to pee! She shook her head. "Krystal, is there something I said that dyou disagree with?" Fidgeting and almost stammering, Krystal answered. "N-no. I just... really need to use the bathroom." She half-lied, not wanting to get Casey in trouble. Prof. Degranson, however, seemed unmoved. "Krystal, I know you don't accept what I teach, and what grade you have is your desicion. But I cannot accept open protest in class and then lying about it."

Krystal went frantic. She stood up, crossed legs and all, obviously desperate (or faking it, as he thought). "I'm not lying! Please just let me use the restroom. I'll be back in..." He interrupted her, punctual, stecatto, on a steady rythm, and over enunciating out of anger. "Krystal Ella-Trope if you do indeed need to use the facilities you should have had the sense to do so before class. As it is you will stay in class until I have finished. Do I make myself clear!" It was not a question. Casey could see the wild, despairing fire in her eyes for a moment, then she swallowed and sat back down. "Yes Professor Degranson" she managed to utter. The professor gave a light snort if indignation, then turned back to his lecture, still obviously annoyed. "As I was saying, the first lifeforms probably formed around 3 gazillion years BC..." She lost focus again, her entire world the area surrounding her bladder.

*013*2017-12-09 05:35

I mean that she vaguely remembered that there was something about today and the women's room that might cause problems of some sort for some reason.

*014*2017-12-09 19:58

Oh, boy. I hope this is good quality. It also explains the above few posts.

Krystal felt it was the best surprise of her life when dismissal was called soon after the head-shake incident. She carefully got up, and was heading to the door, when - oh help! - she heard the professor call her name. "Krystal? I expect you to take proper care of your textbooks. Come back here and get them. She staggered back over to her desk and, as carefully as she could (to avoid getting into further trouble), gathered up her books. Just as she was turning to leave, "Krystal? I'm waiting for an answer." She swallowed, trying to quell her disbelieving bladder.

"Yes Professor Degranson" she panted, and hurried to the door. She was terrified at the prospect of getting stopped again, but was relieved when she made it to the hallway before Degranson could require an apology for her outburst earlier. By now she had passed a limit, and was repeatedly clenching to get a tiny amount of relief. She was visibly hunched, he knees constantly overlapping. She went over to the ladie's room, glad that no one was in line. On her way there, she saw her friend Hanna just heading out the main school exit. She remembered faintly that there was something that she needed to do today involving Hannah, but he condition down south carried far more weight - literally. All that sloshing, heavy, pee...

Ow! That was another mistake. Why on Earth had she done that? She put her hand out to try and get some relief, but then decided against it and drew back. By now she was at the women's door, which was inside a little wall pocket. Only then did she see the yellow stand barracading the door. That was what she hadn't remembered earlier! It was janitor day for the women's room. Wildly hoping that Mr. Hickney had already finished, she walked in. there stood Hickney with his mop bucket, dreaded perfectionalist of cleaners. He would not let anyone into a room he was cleaning. But, despite 150% past experience of faliure, she tried. "Mr. Hickney I really..." He interrupted her. "Get out! You girls are always drinking a ton of soda then complaining that you HAVE to get in the moment I start cleaning! I warned you about whole week in advance that I would be cleaning today, and it's been on the bulletin board all MONTH!"

She had to admit this was true, but she couldn't. He mental capacity was maxed out. "Please can I just use one stall I'll be back in a..." She wasn't even listening anymore, she just moved over toward the stall door, pee already inching towards escape. "I said NO!" He shouted, and pushed her out of the bathroom. She was so powerless to resist, she even let another stream out, about 1.8 times longer than the last one. She could now feel the wetness on her panties, though they were thankfully made of a rather water-blocking material, and thus not much stain showed on her worn, white-streaked jeans.

But to be so close! She didn't even try again, but thought there might be a place outside? She made it to the exit without any further incidents, but no. There were students all over. With an almost emotionless descision because she was so maxed out, she decided the only option would be to drive home and... No! A thought of what she would do there at this point would be fatal. She managed to resist.

And now for the million $ question: What shall he car be? I find myself imagining a modern white (not silver) sedan.

*016*2017-12-09 20:07

Note to self: start with full bladder next time.

Nah, the tension buildup is much better this way.

*018*2017-12-09 22:11

Signed off too soon! Maybe I can insert it...

But anyway, whether I edit it or not after typing this and then pasting it here, here it is: the final chapter!

She hobbled over to her car, ever so thankful that she did not have to dig the wireless FOB out of her pocket. The extra stress on her jeans would have tipped he over the breaking point. She got in, and drove through the parking lot, trying to keep good management on the pedals whilst not losing control. As she pulled away from the school, the car lurched over the poor transition between lot and road. A slight spurt hit he already wet panties. She was barely able to keep safe driving while in so much pain. But her house wasn't too far away so she thought she might make it. But feeling every bump in the road just made things worse. Once or twice she thought she would lose control, but she managed to hold it in.

She thought several times about just wetting in the car, but it was technically her parents and she was on a mortgage to them (a good deal), and peed in seats would not doubt cause a punishment of some sort, so she drove on. Then she noticed things seemed to be slowing down. Bother, she had hit rush-hour traffic! It was slow, but not dreadfully slow, moving, which actually worsened he situation. She kept thinking it would clear up, but it didn't, and the zigzagging suspense of wondering whether or not to just ditch for the nearest store was killing her. this option eventually disappeared as she left the business district. Finally, she gave up. She parked he car at a nearby Methodist Church, and started walking home. She was aching. Not just her bladder, but her whole body was sore from tension.

She walked out of the Church parking lot, and wandered down the sidewalk towards her house. But there was one yield intersection she needed to cross to be on the right side of the road (she had decided to approach her house from the alley, which wasn't so bad since it was daytime and she had several good neighbors also with yards open to the alley). When she got there, oh, the waiting! The usual frustration of thinking for the 29th time that the next moment will be one's opportune moment to cross and seeing yet another car was an unknowable amount harder to endire. During this waiting period, she actually said out loud "Okay, I REALLY need to pee now! Please let there be an opening soon!"

But finally she had a chance. She hurried across the road, but just before halfway she let out a spurt. Half-insane with desperation, she gave a huge effort to keep moving forward without letting any more out. Amazingly, she made it. Hunched over to almost 40 degrees from vertical, she felt slightly triumphant, until she realized she could have just crossed the alley later on and not had to hurry so much. She slowly stumbled forward, every foot seeming like five feet, but finally she came round the corner into her yard. But alas (couldn't think of a better word)! The back door had a chain lock! Why hadn't she thought of this before?! He panties were so wet at this point that they rubbed freely against her as she walked, feeling very awkward. She made it up her porch steps and to the front door, then went in. The feeling and smell of home was encouraging.

But her bladder didn't care. She turned left into the living room (the bathroom was at the far side of it), "SURPRISE!" Hanna shouted, having already prepared the room for a slumber party Casey would be there for later that night (it was Friday). This was why The front door had been unlocked as Hanna had a duplicate key from watching Krystal's pets on Sunday. The shock was too much. Krystal staggered back, peeing hard into her panties. Hanna looked confused for a minute, then alarmed and apologetic. "Oh! Um, I..." And she ran off. "I'll go get some towels!" She was not aware that Krystal was still peeing for a good time after she left. It filled her crotch area rapidly, warm and moving. Then it poured down he legs, soaking outwards from the main stream as it flowed. For a few seconds she tried to regain control, but the move was already made. She had held it for so long that at first she couldn't feel any decrease in the size of he bladder, but then the emptying feeling came.

She made sobbing sounds simply from the relief of tension, though she was also slightly upset and VERY embarrassed. Hannah finally came back and put the towels in the puddle on the floor, but didn't make any effort to do further drying yet as Krystal was still peeing. In fact, she peed for a good long while. Hanna just watched with a blank expression on her face. But as Krystal wet herself more and more, upsetness transitioned into "should've seen that coming" feelings, then that changed to light humor, then near the end she clenched, and with pleasure released the stream again, rewarming he legs.

Hanna had a half smirk on her face, amazed that Krystal could pee that long, but obviously trying to suppress it for Krystal's sake. Krystal wasn't sure what to think, then she decided that, since Hannah was her friend and obviously cared about her from Hanna's face, she would just be humorous. Intentionally over emphasizing and with added body language, she said "Aaaaah. That felt sooooo good!" And they both burst out laughing. After all, she was supposed to shower when she got home from school anyway.

The End.

