Peak of Her Desperation (FFXIV - Lyse)

Author: Guest euries

*000*2021-10-02 16:20

Peak of Her Desperation

An FFXIV fanfiction starring Lyse.

By midday, the sun of Gyr Abania's slate skies leers down upon the full of Rhalgr's Reach. Staying in the belly of the camp, amidst the wells and the shade, is undoubtedly the wiser choice if one doesn't wish to throw themselves naked to sunburn and heatstroke, and it's where most of the camp's haul choose to spend their idle hours until the sun has passed beyond the greater peaks and no longer glares down upon them before returning to their daily labours.

Lyse, however, is not so wary beneath the sun, now long accustomed to its ire as she once was as a child, she thinks, ever since that distant time when her and the scions had arrived in contest of Garlean occupation - though her skin glows no more tanned, as she had wished it would as to abate the starkly creamy tone of her very un-Ala-Mhigan complexion, dusted instead with only a pink-ish, sun-kissed tone of exposure. So, unflinching to the heat, with a belly filled of water and her skin brimming with the esoterics of her technique, she takes to one of Rhalgr's lesser peaks, as is her routine when she hasn't the access to Ala Mhigo's barracks, and trains atop an earthen ziggurat to the sun which would leer most into the shade.

Her stance is firm, an instrument to the rhythm of her breaths, one leg planted to the floor with her back tilted towards the ground, her other striking ruthlessly at the battered husk of a striking doll that stands against her before her position flips and her legs interchange. The red, loose fabric of her dress wafts about her as she dances, twirls and jabs and strikes throwing the arid air amongst her and her training partner into fluctuations and pirouettes as the tremors of her blows shiver louder up her leg and across the baggy surface of her kecks.

Her routine needs be strict at the height of day, tending to lend her at least an hour's half before her first break, at the behest of either breathlessness and a need for shade, or the need for the loo by the time her belly of water has made its way through her. There stands an old tree at the lower edge of the peak, whose leaves and underbrush are sun-bleached and sparse, with the sand at its feet darker with shade and an adequate cool which Lyse is sure is by now engraved reminiscent of her seated bum and soles, serving as an appropriate spot for her intermittence.

To cool off. Not to… go.

But Lyse presses beyond that now, at least her mind's clock is quite certain so, and the drop of sweat that permeates her brow and trails irritatedly down her face and unto her lips is a harbinger, she thinks, that if she pushes her luck too far she may yet be bested by the Gyr Abanian heat.

And yet the way the head of the striking doll shakes wildly with each kick is enough to keep Lyse stoutly committed, quite certain that the wooden neck is malms from snapping in two and far from willing to cede now that she’s so close to blowing it off herself. Her mind thus knows little else, and with the adrenaline through her body, her shins and feet dusted red under the bruising of impact, the Ala Mhigan is less than receptive to the minutiae of warnings her body is beginning to shiver with as a pressure about her core grows tighter and tighter.

Muscle fatigue, surely.

Another drip of sweat curls along her lips, this one having taken the slide of her nose down her face, and the saline taste of it makes her jaw tighten as her pale skin blisters in the sunlight. Lyse spurs into another kick, tired of tasting the waters of her exertion and the dried sand in the air, and leaps from her stance as she throws herself around and swings her raised leg into a complete spin, driving her foot into the doll's cheek in one final effort to buy herself a break.

And with an exerted, breathless yelp from herself and a cracked groan of pain from the doll, the jaw of the thing shatters first, and then the head is pulled clean off of its shoulders as the neck finally keels defeated. The wooden cranium lands bluntly against the sand beside, and with that, heart thrashing and lungs singing, Lyse finally ceases with a grin, and relaxes from her stance.

Her feet plant half-inches back into the sand beneath her, whose silken softness is rutted with the lesser mountain’s stone, but as she levels back into a standing form with a full breath of accomplishment, there’s an implicit sloshing of weight about her lowers that throws her balance unsure, and then a sharp, gutting pain sears from in between her legs which pulls her smile from her face quicker than it had come on.

And as her legs cram together with instinct, something she doesn’t acknowledge until her knees clack together painfully, there’s another warm sensation, and this one trickles from within, and then out into the only undergarment she wears.

And it doesn't take long for her to realise that she’s just… leaked.

“Oh, Rhalgr…” Lyse keeps her thighs together for the moment, cheeks now pink with a warmth of embarrassment, but she assumes the better of fate and simply maneuvers a hand into her underwear to make sure she hasn’t had a noticeable accident before she hurries downhill for the camp toilets.

But as her hand glances against the beginning of her crotch, where a tidily bordered thick of blonde curls begins, there’s another shot of pain and the nerves down the back of her legs curl inwards worriedly.

Lyse is hardly one for panic, but her face yet contorts further as her concern drifts away from the state of her underwear, and as the adrenaline continues to wear off, she begins to realise her small accident isn’t to be the soonest summit of her problems. It seems her over commitment to her sparring doll was a mistake, because she’s now standing on the accumulation of her morning drink, herbal teas and a skin’s worth of water from the well, on the top of one of Rhalgr’s lesser peaks, decidedly bursting for a pee.

“Oh, Lyse…” She shifts her legs a touch to measure the dire of the situation, cursing herself, and with even a step of a foot and a pivot of another, her bladder groans again and the nerves along her nethers start to singe. “You… Gods, you are daft, aren’t you, Lyse?”

Yes, she was, and it didn’t help that the trousers of her dress were as pale as snow, because if worst was to come to worst, she was quite sure anyone could tell that the insides of her trousers had gone up the mountain white, and then come back down a greater shade dark.

The pressure mounts, tumbling over a turn with a false mock of relief as Lyse catches a breath and then drops it when the weight of her bladder falls heavier upon the floor of her nethers. Nerves waver, muscles tight with the tension of her panic as her fingers stab into the underside of her kecks, resisting through twice layers of cotton as she tries to muster a plan. She's too far gone to make it downhill and into camp now, not that it would be a particularly elegant sight anyways, and though Lyse certainly recognises this riveting feeling of desperation, it's only something that captures her when she's just clambered into a bathroom stall with her pants halfway down her legs and her hands in her knickers, and certainly not fully dressed on top of a mountain.

There is, however, an old tree at the peak's lower edge, and though Lyse is hardly one for naturism, it's more so out of sight than where she stands now, and she doesn't know if her legs would have the strength to keep her upright if she were to go here.

So Lyse thinks little more of it, and with her hands crammed as far and as firmly beneath herself as possible and her strides tightly sealed and footsteps shallow, she stumbles for the tree and its cover, praying Rhalgr watches over her with his eyes closed.

Her thighs chafe against her hands as the panic in her chest now rushes up and through her neck, setting her skin and nerves ablaze and drying her mouth, and though her early moments are hopeful, she's only about half a ways there when fate ultimately chooses to betray her and she staggers clumsily over a jutted stone beneath the sand. She regains her footing quickly, but the muscles of her groin disagree with the disturbance and Lyse's expression turns a foul look of horror as she feels herself let go against her hands a slight too much and her floodgates open for just a moment enough to spell an accident. 

An incorrigibly heavy spurt then escapes her, warmth filling her lowers with a starkly loud, deep hiss that echoes against the taut fabric of her knickers, soaking through the full length of the floor of her undergarment, whose soft, arid-suited fabric now comes to cling to her nethers with a sickly damp as she hobbles forward. It threatens to go no further, however, so despite the furious curl of slurs that snakes from the gap in between her missed heartbeats and through her lips, she hurries resolvedly to the tree and its underbrush and tightens her clasp on her crotch.

Only a few helpless dribbles and squirts and quite a few more gasps and hasteful squirms from herself later, Lyse comes to clear the beginnings of the tree's roots and dives into its shade, quickly turning about and throwing her back against the rigid support of its trunk as she takes now to saving her clothes before another wet disaster befalls her and ruins more than just her underwear. Her hands grab at her trousers as her thighs squeeze and roll against one another, feet pointed inwards, and she hastefully tears them down as the pain throbs and throbs and the telling pressure that Lyse is running out of time only grows more intense. Her grip misses her underwear, fatefully so as only her pantaloons come to stagger down her legs as her nethers remain cloaked tightly in darkened white cotton, and as Lyse curses her misfortunes a shudder runs through her as her muscles only just hold back another begging rush of piss.

With her kecks strained down her legs and now come to pool about her ankles, the exhaustion in her core and the quivering weakness of her thighs doubles into trouble, and as she tries to fall further unto the tree's cover, her body can wait no longer and her already ruined cottons are met with yet another heavy, jetted spurt of watered warmth. Her nethers burn in a foul mix of angst and the bliss of relief as her dispense rinses along her labia and covers her skin a sickly damp, her release filtering through the crotch of her undergarments as it either spills from the edges and trails her thighs, or runs downwards across the centre and drips from her hurriedly, which Lyse is ashamedly certain she can feel pooling against her sex, painting the sand beneath her a darker tone than the tree's shade has already done.

Another choked spurt rushes from her, this one long and searing as Lyse struggles to stall the flow with her fingers clawing at the waist of her knickers, her mind indecisive between saving her the cheek-burning shame of wetting herself and trying with every thread of her muscles and every dance of her feet she knows to forfend her ruination, or simply capitulating and falling to the succor of the relief of not having to hold on any longer.

And just as another flood of piss escapes her, her knickers now bagging from her nethers as the weight of the release they've absorbed grows too heavy, this one a staggered stream as the muscles of her bladder and those of her pubic floor peak and trough against one another as if she's a rhythmed fountain, her fingertips finally dig in between her hips and her underwear, and she yanks them down with embarrassed fury as she pushes her torso forward and juts her hips backward against the tree, bracing the plump of her arse against it, and yet another stream tears loudly from her and decorates the sand beneath her with the beginnings of a dark, shallow pool.

Lyse lets go there and then, making sure to aim away from the kecks around her ankles as best she can and electing to simply bathe shut-eyed in the beams of sun that penetrate through the canopy of leaves above her. The full length of her release is a swim of bliss, stinging weight dissipating as her strained muscles coo into relaxation, the pressured rush of her dispense reverberating across the plethora of nerves about her nethers that Lyse hadn't even thought could revel as richly in something like this as her brain was.

Her relief hisses from her veritably loudly, smothering the sand below a dampened dark with the splayed wildness of haste, and the deepening crashed splatter of her release against the wettening ground makes her self consciously shift herself sideways to lessen the noise and fill another patch of sand, because as far up from the camp as she is, it's starting to sound like she's forming Gyr Abania’s first woman-made lake, and she would die her first death if someone was to hear her in this predicament. She flexes her groin again, forcing the stream at a greater pressure and making it lash outward and nearer to the tree as it straightens out with growing momentum, spurting further away from her sandaled feet and instead to the ground that lays shadowed by the silhouette of her half-squat, bare rear.

The constancy soon slowly wavers, Lyse supposing in the moment that her knickers had already taken a fair portion of her bladder's fill, now turning to a staggered rhythm of firmer crashes as her muscles dictate the stream moreso, and she takes a liberty in glancing down and examining the state of her knickers.

Soaked. Quite soaked.

Then, with the insides of her knees taut with ache and the heat of the air rinsing across the shy, pale plump of her buttocks, Lyse is eventually left with naught but a dribble from herself as her final spurt keels away halfway through, and the silence of her humiliating circumstance returns as her dispense finally dies. The sand beneath her is dyed a wide, wet dark, small streams of the excess of her release now slowly seeping forward into the sand between her ankles as it trails along the shallow gradient of the ground, licking agitatedly close to her clasped pantaloons that tickle at the floor under the bluster of the peak's whistled winds. 

Her forehead simmers, kissed with a gentle sunburn beneath a coating of beaded sweat, lips dry in her fluster as her heart begins to settle and an uneasy giddiness pools in her chest. She remains static for a moment, leaning into the tree further as her thoughts calm from the adrenaline and her tugged grip on her soaked cottons loosens, and she elects quickly that she would rather trek back into camp open-crotched beneath her kecks, with her wrung undergarments clasped hidden in a hand, than make her way down with her nethers wrapped in sodden fabric of her own fault.

She sighs haughtily, deciding she's had a break worthy of ending her day's training early, and wipes a hand against her bare thigh before she brushes panicked bangs of blonde out of her face and takes to undressing herself atop one of the peaks, hopefully far out of the sight of her comrades, before she returns to camp.

And for a moment, Lyse is assuredly naked to the sun's burn as the pale, scarcely shown skin of her thighs and lowers, which knows only the touch of cloth or bathwater, singes in the heat, and she wishes she had chosen to lay amongst the wells and the shade of the camp below just this once.

