Dead Mall

Author: Guest FlowerMouse

*000*2019-06-07 02:56

Just before I write multiple paragraphs, I'd like to say that this story is rather poetic and hopefully not too long so keep that in mind <:)

*001*2019-06-07 03:25

Max stalked down the hallway of the dead mall, dead mall. What was once a great hub of games, food, and fun, was all gone here. Only the squeak of his cheap neon pink flip-flops could be heard in the vast building. What little colors the whitewashed walls once held had vanished into a sad, dirty grey. Max brushed his curly orange hair from his green eyes, and adjusted a backpack with an extra pair of pants and underwear on his back.

He approached a store that once held limitless hours of fun by himself and with friends. Faint letters of 'ARCADE' could be seen etched onto the wall from the sign that once took its place above the doorway. He was happy to see familiar video game character stickers on the shop windows, and wondered if they could stick on for a millennia. Slipping inside, instead of being filled to the brim with various arcade machines he once loved, the store was totally empty. Although the carpet dotted with planets was as grunge-filled as he remembered, the neon walls were faded and melancholy. He made his way to the back of the store, where a door read, 'EMPLOYEES ONLY'.

As a kid, he always wondered what was back there. Opening it, he wasn't surprised to find that it, too, was barren. Nevertheless, he still found himself disappointed. Leaving the doorway, he stalked back to the front of the front of the store, and leaned onto the counter. Instantly, a shock of pressure and pleasure shot through him, as he leaned in closer. Reaching a hand to his crotch, his bladder was hard, but he thought it could definetly be harder. Reaching into his backpack, he took a large gulp of Gatorade. He had a large water bottle in there too, but he wasn't keen on poisoning himself. Scanning the store once more, a sudden memory came to him of him and his friend.

It was a fine day to be playing videogames in the arcade for Highschool-age Max. (He didn't like remembering the fact that he had a mullet.) He and a friend were hogging the Street Fighter II cabinet in the back of the arcade. It was a perfect day since it wasn't too busy, so nobody was pestering the two to give them a turn. With a final wave of button-mashing, Max hailed victorious.

"Awh, come on, again?" His friend complained. "One more round?"

"Dude, 'one more round' was our last game!" Max informed. "Plus, I really need to pee." The bet he won for chugging three Pepsis in an inhuman amount of time was starting to catch up to him. He could feel an alarming amount of liquid fill up in his bladder.

"I'll pay for both of us." His friend slyly bribed.

An intense dilemma appeared in front of Max. His parents were being stingy on his allowance, and so he didn't have as many quarters as he used to. With this in mind, a free game is a godsend. He realized that he'd have to risk pissing himself. He was already crossing his legs quite a bit, so he didn't take that as a good sign.

Preparing himself for the worst, he grumbled, "Fine."

Sometimes you have to sacrifice for your friends.

To be continued owo

*002*2019-06-07 12:01

Two quarters dropped into the cabinet's slot, as his friend hit the two player button. Already, his bladder was threatening to give way. His legs were permanently crossed, and he was incredibly antsy. A familiar character selection screen appeared. Max choose Guile, because honestly, who wouldn't? His friend choose Ryu, and the screen faded to black. As the the game took a few precious secconds to load and start the match, he scanned the arcade.

"If I'm going to run for it, at least it isn't a Saturday crowd in here," he thought. He took a quick longing look at the bathrooms, which was hidden by a hallway in his point of view. 'FIGHT!' the screen read, as Max wished his friend could've waited a minute. His bladder seemed to get worse exponentially, and he felt a constant ache. His hands were too busy to grab his crotch, to have a second of relief. It seemed all the worse that nobody was really hitting anybody with powerful moves, to knock their hit points down. Max worriedly bit his lip; he was going to have to use spammer tactics.

Spammers are the worse kinds of people to play with. Whether they do it intentionally or not, they are the scum of the gaming world. And Max was going to have to become one.

His friend said, with a devious look on his face, "You know, if you really needed to pee, I could-" Max interrupted, with a face growing more pink by the second, "Nope. You paid for it, so it'd be a waste of money if I pussied out." He added in his thoughts, "Which is what I'm probably going to do."

Max strategically jabbed the buttons so that Guile threw a... Boomerang? Over and over again, until his opponent's health was whittled down to zero. The game took a few seconds to load again, and while his friend was screeching about spammer tactics, he shoved a hand in his crotch. He could feel his bladder bulging in his jeans, rock hard. Suddenly, a spasm in his bladder made the ache grow worse, as he could feel a spurt of piss in his underwear.

"Oh, christ, not now!" He thought, as he carefully removed his hand from his crotch, and placed it on the cabinet. Another spurt threatened to soak his underwear. He cursed out loud, as he forced himself to move away from the cabinet, towards the bathroom. Every step sent a shockwave through him, and he knew running would be too obvious. He stuck his hands into his jean pockets, to try holding himself in a non-obvious fashion, as he trudged through the loud arcade.

Sorry i keep stopping aaa

*003*2019-06-08 03:28

Max hurriedly stepped into the dark hall, and felt a pang of relief seeing Mario on the bathroom door. "I'm almost there!" He thought, as he grasped the door handle with a free hand. A shock of horror swept through him, as the door handle didn't budge. "What the hell?!" He thought, infuriated to no end. "Nobody's ever in there!" He felt a sudden shock of relief, as he felt warmth seeping into his crotch. A faint hiss could be heard, and his muscles were on the verge of giving up for good. With no options left, and time running out, he dashed into The Princess' room. Not even bothering to lock the door to the one-person bathroom, he scrambled to whip it out. He was loosing control rapidly, as his bladder gave way to the extrordinary feeling of relief.

Seemingly endless amounts of hot liquid was pouring out, and he couldn't control it. His face grew a bright red, even hotter than before, as he thought, "This has to be the unluckiest day of my life!" After many muttered curses, he was free of his pants, and could empty his bulging bladder. Instant satisfaction washed over him. It took a minute just to empty it all. It was only when he finished did he realize that he had a problem; his pants were soaked. There was a large baseball-sized stain right on his crotch, and that stain followed to his ankles. Shame crept up his neck, and into his face. What was his friend going to say? What were his parents going to say?

At least he had that $5 he won from the bet.

*005*2019-06-17 02:30

I'm continuing this I swear ;w;

*006*2019-06-17 03:04

He continued his search around the mall, eying all the empty stores that once held uncountable amounts of commercial goods. Max felt like he was the only man who liked to shop; to peep in shop windows, and stare longingly at price tags. A short walk later through the silent, dusty hallway later, he arrived in the food court. Tables were sprawled liberally around the area, fitting as many people they could. Closed restaurants circled the area. The floor had an interesting checkered pattern, along with many fake palm trees scattering the area. It wasn't by any means the mall aesthetic, but it wasn't utilitarian either. Dusting off a chair, it made a well-worn screech as he sat in it. A table fit for two. A certain memory surfaced.

The mall was packed, as it was the usual Saturday afternoon crowd. Max sat alone at a table for two, and impatiently drummed his fingers on the table.

"She should be here any minute now," He thought, steadily getting more annoyed. The giant crowd had taken every last table, and he was willing to fight to the death for his. However, there was one problem. (A real puzzler.) Max sipped the last of his giant smoothie, and crossed his legs. He eyed the bathrooms, which were only a short walk away.

"Maybe if I run over there- No, someone's definitely going to take it," He thought, heavily conflicted.

"Where is Sarah, anyway?" He wondered.

Currently, she was in her bedroom, as she forgot about the whole thing.

A sudden sensation washed over him, as his need increaced by a considerable amount. Swearing under his breath, he glanced around to make sure nobody was looking, and grabbed his crotch. This provided him little relief, as desperation washed over him yet again. He awkwardly planted his arms on the table, and found he couldn't stay still. He jealously glanced over at the bathrooms, and sighed.

He thought, "I hope she didn't forget about me."

To be continued!

