A Halloween Omorashi Tale

Author: Guest

*000*2021-10-30 17:06

Wendy could be a bit of a witch. Not to say that she was a mean person, she was actually quite lovely. But she had a tendency to be wicked at times. At eighteen years old, she was a budding young scientist. Chemistry, to be exact, although she still had a lot to learn, which is what our story is about. But before we get into that, let's talk a bit more about Wendy, then about some of her friends.

Wendy was a slightly chubby, but still quite gorgeous girl. In fact, her extra weight only improved her looks, as it gave her curves in all the right places. She had strawberry blonde hair, which she usually wore in pigtails. She loved making herself look cute and innocent, then surprising people when her more wicked side came out.

Wendy's friend Callie was a more "traditional" blonde. With a slim figure, which accentuated her assets, as well as a sweet southern drawl, which she owed to living on a farm in Texas for the first twelve years of her life. And, naturally, she was a cheerleader. At least by day. By night, she tended to turn into a party animal...

Angie was a pixie-like girl of Asian descent. Small in stature but big in attitude, she was probably the most outspoken member of her friend-group. She also wasn't above using her looks, or her talents to get her way. Nobody seemed to be able to resist the choir girl's charms...

Kayla was often called a bloodsucker by those who didn't know her too well. Those who knew her better wouldn't use that exact term, but the well-built, buxom, pale-skinned, dark-haired, night-life-loving goth girl certainly followed a pattern when it came to her love life. Drink up every little bit she could from her lover, then move on to her next meal ticket.

Finally, there was Alayna, a Milano-skinned beauty who usually wore a head covering. Her killer looks, especially her curvy figure, could sucker in anyone, male or female, but she also possessed a stone cold glare that could leave even the bravest souls petrified.

The five girls were seniors at Oak Creek High School. And our story takes place around the time of the school's annual Fall Festival. That was to be a busy weekend for the school, as they had the big football game on Friday night, along with the crowning of the Fall Festival Queen. Then on Saturday, would be the festival itself. All five girls were taking part. Callie would be cheering at the game. Angie was performing a solo with the choir. Wendy was working the refreshment stand, while Alayna and Kayla were both up for Fall Festival Queen.

@@Late Thursday night, Wendy was working in the chemistry lab. Her term project was coming up and she needed at least a B+ to maintain her average. She had decided to try and construct a caffeine substitute. Her friends had already agreed to try it and let her record the results after 12 hours. The formula consisted of a number of fairly innocuous - by her standards, anyway - ingredients. She knew her friends would be picky about what she expected them to drink, so she had reserved lab time after school hours to avoid them finding out what was in it. She had been working all night and was almost done. As she stepped back to reflect on her work, she suddenly became aware of a pressure in her bladder. She hadn't been to the bathroom in about eight hours and now she was feeling it. Her stomach ached from how full her bladder was. All that was left was to let the concoction simmer for about ten minutes, so she lowered the flame to a dull heat, mentally adding an extra ten minutes to the time. She knew if her teacher or the principal found out she left a burner unattended, she would be in big trouble, but she knew what she was doing. Besides, this was an emergency!

When she returned from girls room, she gave the drink a few quick stirs, then turned off the heat. It had been ten minutes. Forgetting that she had doubled the cook time, she poured the beaker's contents into a bottle she'd brought with her. Packing up her stuff, she made sure she cleaned up and locked the door before heading home for the evening.

###

The next day at school, the five friends met for lunch, where Wendy produced a small eyedropper, containing the caffeine substitute. The others had been instructed not to drink any coffee or soda that day. She then proceeded to squirt a drop into each girl's water bottle, as well as her own.

"So, we'll all drink at the same time. I'll check in with everyone throughout the day, to see if it's working. You should feel increased energy, but without any of the side effects that normally come from caffeine, like crashing or increased heart rate. Everyone, shake up the bottles..."

The others all smiled as they shook up their drinks. "Ok, on three... One... Two... Three!" The girls touched their bottles together, then drank. Kayla spoke first.

"Tastes... Interesting," said the girl, blinking rapidly behind her sunglasses.

"If by interesting, you mean "yuck"," said Callie, as she tossed her luxurious blond locks to the side.

"Hey, most medicines taste awful," Angie pointed out in her sing-song voice, "but they work."

"Hey, my dad does most of the cooking, so I've tasted way worse," Alayna said. The girl had an interesting habit of over-pronouncing her "s" sounds.

"Besides, I didn't design it for taste, I designed it for function," said Wendy. As usual, she wore a black cloak over her regular clothes. "As long as it does what it's supposed to, it could taste like my brother's gym socks, for all I care!"

The girls laughed, as the bell rang for next period. The group went their separate ways, agreeing to meet up later to discuss the compound's effects.

###

About twenty minutes later, Angie sat in her math class, crossing her legs tightly. "Oh my god, I can't believe how bad I have to pee!" she thought. "But I didn't even need to go ten minutes ago! Now I'm bursting!" She raised her hand.

"Yes, Angie?" asked her teacher, Miss Hart.

"Miss Hart, may I go to the bathroom, please?" she asked, her voice filled with desperation. Miss Hart frowned.

"You just came back from lunch. You should have gone then."

"Miss Hart, please!" Angie sang out frantically. Miss Hart - as well as the rest of the class - seemed stunned.

"Okay, Angie," Miss Hart said, in a monotone voice. "You may go to the bathroom."

Angie leapt out of her seat and grabbed the hall pass from the desk. "Thank you, Miss Hart!" she sang as she darted out of the room, holding her crotch.

"You're welcome, Angie." The teacher blinked a few times. "Okay, class," Miss Hart continued, snapping out of her daze, as did the rest of the class. "Back to polynomials..."

Angie ran as quickly as she could to the nearest bathroom and ran inside. Entering the nearest stall, she lifted her short, white skirt, and pulled down her pink cotton panties. As she did, a stream of pee quickly began coming out of her, before she even got her butt on the toilet. She sighed in relief as she settled her bottom on the seat and emptied her bladder. "Man, that was a close one," she thought.

She had no idea that this was only the beginning...

Not long after Angie had her close call, Callie found herself squirming during her History test. Knowing she wouldn't be excused before the test was complete, the poor girl had no choice but to hold it in. "I don't get it," she thought. "I went to the bathroom after lunch. I should be fine!" It was frustrating, because now her concentration was redirected to her bladder, rather than on her test. She attempted to focus, but her legs couldn't stop shaking. "Gotta pee so bad!" she muttered to herself.

"No talking!" snapped Mr. Gore.

"Sir, may I go to the bathroom?"

"It's a test, Callie," the teacher said, coldly. "You already know the answer is no."

"It's an emergency, Mr. Gore. I can't wait!"

"Sorry." The teacher turned back around and sat down at his desk. Callie groaned. She was in agony, her mind couldn't focus on anything but going to the bathroom. She skimmed through the test, checking off random answers. She just hoped some of the answers were right. She laid her pencil down and turned over her paper.

"Mr. Gore? I'm done."

Mr. Gore turned around, an eyebrow raised. "Really? Does this quick finish have anything to do with the bathroom?"

Callie fidgeted impatiently. "Sir, please. I REALLY have to go."

Mr. Gore stared at her for nearly a minute, then finally sighed. "Go. But please don't come back to the classroom. Go wait in the cafeteria until the bell rings."

Callie smiled gratefully. "Thank you, Mr. Gore." She grabbed her backpack and her purse and quickly hurried out of the room. The nearest bathroom was down the other end of the hallway. Walking as fast as she could with her thighs squeezed together, she made her way towards the girls room. As she waddled down the hall, however, the fire alarm suddenly went off!

"Shit!" she exclaimed. Students began filing out of their classrooms and towards the exits. Callie wanted to keep heading for the bathroom, but a teacher redirected her.

"Young lady, this is a fire drill. Please head toward the exit."

"I have to go to the bathroom," Callie protested.

"Sorry, but you know the rules. Let's go." Reluctantly, Callie followed the teacher...

Right before the fire drill started, Kayla and Wendy were in Chemistry together. As they started to evacuate the room, Kayla felt her bladder getting full. "Of course I have to pee as soon as the alarm goes off!" she whispered to Wendy. Wendy giggled as the grabbed their pocket books and headed out the door. As they walked down the hall, Kayla's need gradually increased, as she now definitely had to go. She was a little surprised by how quickly the urge had come on, but figured she could wait until the all clear...

As Callie hobbled out into the courtyard, she saw Angie and Alayna already gathered. She made her way over to them, holding herself tightly. She was so desperate now, she didn't care who saw her like this. Alayna just looked at her. "Callie, you okay?"

"I have to pee like nobody's business," Callie answered through gritted teeth. Angie looked sympathetic.

"Girl, I just narrowly avoided peeing my pants a little while ago!"

"Ugh! I peed before going to class, too! I was on my way to the bathroom when the alarm went off!"

Alayna looked around. Spotting a patch of bushes, she pointed Callie towards them. "We can cover you while you go!"

"Pee outside? Like this?!" Callie asked, gesturing at her body.

"Can you wait until we go back inside?" Angie asked. Callie pouted.

"No." She sighed. "Ok, fine." The blonde cheerleader pulled down her track pants and lowered her white panties. Squatting, she pulled her panties away from her and began to empty her bladder. She sighed again, it felt so good to relieve herself. Angie and Alayna stood with theirs backs to the bushes, keeping an eye out for anyone who might sneak a peek. As she stood there, however, Alayna started to feel a slight twinge of her own.

"Damn girl, did you drink the Atlantic Ocean or something?! You're making me have to go, too!" She giggled, but at the same time, it wasn't a joke. She did have to pee....

Wendy and Kayla made it outside, but by now, Kayla's bladder was definitely full. She looked around, frantic, her bladder vibrating painfully inside her belly. She had to pee so bad. "Wendy... I'm not gonna make it!"

Wendy looked at her friend. The girl was shaking and sweating from the effort she was using to hold back her flood. "Damn, Kayla! What happened?!"

"I don't know! It just sort of hit me from out of nowhere!" Kayla was wearing tight blue jeans and a black t-shirt that accentuated her best features - the words "BITE ME" plastered across her chest also helped to draw attention. Right now, those features were bouncing around inside her shirt as she danced uncontrollably, trying to maintain control.

"Girl, we gotta get you somewhere you can pee!" Wendy looked around, but the front of the school was fairly crowded with students. She noticed an area that seemed empty. There was a tree there, so it would make a good cover. "Over here! Let's go!" Wendy yanked Kayla by the arm, dragging the poor bursting girl towards the tree...

As Callie was finally finishing up, Alayna was getting very desperate, very quickly. "Um, you almost done, Cal?"

"Getting there," said the blonde in a much more relaxed tone. "Man, I needed that!"

"Alayna, what's up?" Angie asked.

"I... Kinda need to borrow the bush," replied the black girl. Callie gave a bit of a shake, allowing herself to drip-dry as best she could. She smiled at Alayna.

"All yours."

Alayna gratefully switched places, as she fumbled around her purse, looking for something. "Don't worry about TP," said Callie. "I'm just gonna go wipe after they let us back inside."

"No, I'm looking for my funnel. These pants are a whole process to get in and out of." Alayna was wearing a pair of tan pants, which had chains on either side, connecting them to her crop top. "Damn it, where is it?!" Her need was growing worse by the second, as she could barely contain herself. "Oh my god... Oh my god..." She frantically rummaged through her purse for the third time, trying to find the funnel. Then she felt it, her sphincter was beginning to open. "Oh no!"

"What?" asked Callie, concerned.

"I'm about to pee my pants!"

Angie hurriedly tried to unhook the chains, no easy task with Alayna squirming like she was. She managed to get one side unhooked, when Alayna gasped. Angie looked up. "You can hold it, Alayna!" she said a sing-song voice. Alayna's eyes glazed over. "Yes, I can hold it," she said monotonously. Callie quickly undid the other side.

"Thank you, Alayna," Angie sang. Alayna blinked a few times, before rushing over to the bush, yanking down her pants, and squatting to pee. "Oh, thank goodness!" she moaned. She could feel her bladder deflating as she relieved herself of her burden.

"All clear!" a voice called out, but Alayna didn't care. "Everyone back inside!"

"Alayna, hurry!" Angie said.

"Did either of you hurry?!" Alayna retorted.

"Ladies! Let's go, please!" It was the principal, Dr. Oberman. He was walking towards them. "You, and you," he said, pointing at Callie and Angie, "I said go back inside."

The two looked nervous... Angie gulped. "Okay, sir. Just give us a few minutes," she sang. Dr. Oberman got glassy eyed. "Okay, girls. Take your time." The principal walked away, still in a daze.

"Thanks, Angie," said Alayna as she finished up. She shook her bottom, trying to shake out as much extra pee as she could. As she did, she heard people coming. A boy and a girl. "Oh shit!" She instinctively reached up and removed her head covering. A hissing noise could be heard.

"Alayna?!" Callie called in a panic. "What are you doing?!"

"Don't look! I have company!" Just then, a muscular guy in a varsity jacket, and a girl in a cheerleading uniform peered over the bushes. Alayna looked up at them, her eyes glowing green, as the snakes on her head hissed. The two gasped, then fell silent. Frozen, just like statues. Victims of a Gorgon.

Yep. This is a monster omo story!!!

TO BE CONTINUED.... HALLOWEEN 2021....

