Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - Bojack Unbound; Zangya Pee's in Princess Snake's Palace

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-22 15:12

In a crazy timeline where Dangerous Foes exist such as a Legendary Super Saiyan, a Galactic Tyrant of a Pirate, and a Brother to Frieza. This story unfolds after the Cell Games and that Peace was restored until Bojack & his Gang wreck havoc in Herule's Big Tournament. Before the havoc began one of Bojack's Henchmen was having troubles of their own and that henchmen was Zangya.

Bojack: Finally free at least from the explosion of King Kai's Planet. I have to thank Goku & Cell someday.

Bojack: Okay everyone let's all go to Earth and um... Zangya are you okay?

Zangya: Sorry Bojack it's just that since we were all sealed away for a long time ago I have to pee...

Bojack: Oh well come to think of it I'm pretty hungry & I too have to take a piss... everyone let's disband for a bit so we can relieve ourselves & find some food.

Kogu: Yes sir!

Zangya: Thanks!

Zangya: Okay so since we are in Other World I think it's best to just pee out in the open but I need to find a really good spot to do it...

Zangya: Hmmm... Oh a Palace? It seems to have Decorations that resemble a Snake maybe I should pee right in---

[Palace turns into Snake Head and sucks up Zangya]

Zangya: *Screams* What the Hell!?

Princess Snake: Why hello who are you darling?

Zangya: I'm Zangya, part of Bojack's Gang, and I was just about to pee in front of a Palace until I got sucked in here.

Princess Snake: Oh you were going to pee just in front of my palace!?

Zangya: Yes, is something wrong with that?

Princess Snake: Well I, Princess Snake, would never allow such disgusting actions around my Palace!

Zangya: *Prepares Ki Blast* How about this: You let me just pee here & now then we won't have any trouble, deal?

Princess Snake: Ugh! Fine then at least I have servants who cleans up messes.

Zangya: Thank you *Pulls down her Garments* *Get's in Squat Posititon* *Starts to Pee on the Palace Floor*

Zangya: Aaahhh *sigh* Wow what a huge relieve you have no idea how long I have been holding it *big stream of hot pee makes a huge noise *

Princess Snake: You know what I'll join you...

Zangya: Huh why?

Princess Snake: It looks nice and sort of fun *Squats next to Zangya* *Starts to Pee the Same way as her*

Princess Snake: Oh yes it feels really good *Medium Stream of Warm Pee makes a Noise* so how long did you have to hold it?

Zangya: Ever since I was sealed in King Kai's Planet so let's say a very long time *continues peeing*

Princess Snake: Wow so that long huh well I have been holding it since about an hour really. Way before that I got tangled by a guy named Goku.*continues peeing*

Zangya: Oh really how was that possible? *still peeing*

Princess Snake: Trust me you don't want to know *blushes* *stops peeing* Oh my that felt so nice.

Zangya: Your lucky I'm still going *still peeing on the floor*

Princess Snake: Oh my we made such a huge Pee Puddle together but mostly you *laughs*

Zangya: *laughs* *stops peeing* Oh finally, I took forever.

Princess Snake: The Exit is that way hope I see you again.

Zangya: Before I leave do you have an Apple or something?

Princess Snake: Oh sure here you go. You must be really hungry so here's 5 apples.

Zangya: Thanks and you know what your not that bad as I thought. Laters.

Princess Snake: I really enjoyed her company. Servants clean up that mess this instant!

Snake's Servants: Yes, Ma'am!

After Zangya's encounter with Princess Snake she regroups with her Master & Gang. They are now recharged & relieved now they are heading to Earth to rule over the Planet. The Story now begins on the planet Earth of Hercule's Big Tournament.

$$

$$

*002*2017-09-22 20:27

Another great piece. Great job.

*003*2017-09-22 21:45

{{1 hour ago, Skyde said:

Another great piece. Great job.

}}

Why thank you I'm glad you liked it :)

*004*2017-09-22 21:50

{{6 hours ago, monkeyboy said:

Love that someones doing the dragon ball series id really like one where videl pees when getting beaten up by spopovic if your stuck for ideas

}}

I appreciate that you enjoy it but with that fight between Videl & Spopovich was so brutal n' harsh for my taste so I don't think I will be altering that at least you had an idea that can work really.

