Turbolift Trouble (Star Trek DS9)

Author: gonne

*000*2018-03-12 00:40

Wow, so I logged into my account for the first time in a while, and noticed just how long it's been since I posted a story here. I'm writing a novel at the moment and haven't had as much time to write other things. But I did find this story hiding in darker regions of my computer, so... any Star Trek fans here? Here's a little Jadzia Dax story I wrote:

Worf had been giving Jadzia a rather judgemental look since they left the replimat that morning. Usually Jadzia wouldn't mind the silent glare, but as the turbolift hummed around them, she found herself somewhat more... uncomfortable than she was used to.

"What is it this time?" she finally asked, trying not to let irritation seep into her voice. Her arms were crossed over her chest, an ever so slightly passive aggressive move to block her husband's view of the goods. She smirked as he let out that deep Worf sigh that meant he was truly annoyed by something.

"You should not have told Doctor Bashir about our-"

Worf didn't get to finish his complaint, because the turbolift jolted to a halt. They both stumbled, Jadzia falling bodily into her husband as he made a grab for the railing behind them.

"What was that?" she said, though she doubted Worf had any more answers than she did. He tapped his com badge as Jadzia righted herself.

"Worf to Chief O'Brien. Our turbolift-"

"-stopped working, yeah, I know," came the Chief's exasperated voice. "We've been having system failures all morning. I'll get to you in a bit."

"How long is 'a bit?'" Worf asked, an irritated growl coming from deep in his throat.

"You're not the only one trapped in a turbolift right now. And the transporters are down, so you'll be stuck for a while. Sorry."

Jadzia watched as her husband's nostrils flared, a rather mild signal of a much deeper struggle for emotional control. She wasn't sure if she was imagining the deep rumble in his chest, but she certainly found it endearing.

"Well..." she said before Worf could express his frustrations to a clearly overworked Chief O'Brien. "I can think of worse people to be stuck in a turbolift with than your wife."

"But-"

"I'm sure we'll find some way to entertain ourselves. Thanks Chief!" The com link cut off and Worf tilted his head just enough to regard his wife seriously.

"That was not funny."

"That's your opinion," she countered. She leaned back against the railing, settling in for what she assumed was going to be a long wait. Worf stood stiffly next to her, glancing around the turbolift as though looking for an escape.

"You know, the last person I was stuck in a turbolift with, was Julian," Jadzia said after a short silence. Worf frowned at her, but she saw just the barest spark of amusement in his eye. He was so tense all the time, Jadzia was sure the man would have given himself an aneurism if she hadn't come along and married him.

"I assume I have nothing to be worried about," he said.

"I dunno Worf. He'd just saved my life. That's enough to make any woman weak in the knees."

Worf snorted and Jadzia grinned at him. Her grin faded as she shifted her weight, settling more comfortably against the back railing. The change in position seemed to cause a change in Worf's attitude.

"Are you alright?" he asked.

Jadzia's breath caught slightly. She didn't think she'd been that obvious, but Worf had always been a little too perceptive. "I'm fine," she said.

"You are uncomfortable."

She raised her eyebrows and looked at her husband incredulously. "I'm stuck in a turbolift with nowhere to sit down. Yes, Worf. I'm uncomfortable."

Worf nodded, and seemed to relax a little. It was about time.

"I also really have to pee."

She watched as Worf tensed up again. He frowned, his eyes darting to glance sidelong at her. "You should have gone before we left our quarters."

"I did. I also drink a lot of coffee. Or had you not noticed?"

Worf was silent, clearly contemplating something as Jadzia shifted her weight once again. She'd been planning on using a toilet once they'd made it to ops, though now she was regretting not stopping at the ones by the replimat. Worf was so dedicated to his work, she hadn't wanted to slow him down.

"Will you be able to wait?" he asked.

"That really depends on how long it takes to get us out of here."

Trills generally had fairly large bladders. It was one of very few of their internal organs that tended to be larger than most species, since for the most part they needed to have extra room on the inside for the symbionts. But symbionts were aquatic, which meant joined trills tended to need to drink a lot to stay healthy, and that typically made having a larger bladder evolutionarily advantageous. It also meant that Jadzia was currently holding in what must have been an incredible amount of liquid if the pressure she was experiencing was anything to go by.

They stood in silence for a while, Worf standing stiffly by his wife as Jadzia shifted her weight, occasionally crossing and uncrossing her legs. The pressure in her bladder steadily grew from bad to downright desperate as time wore on, and Jadzia was beginning to worry about how this was all going to end.

"Are you alright?" Worf asked again as Jadzia groaned in frustration. He'd been watching her with concern the whole time, entirely helpless to ease her discomfort.

"Fine," she said. She jiggled one leg urgently as she gripped the back railing. "Just very uncomfortable."

"Is there anything I can do?"

"Not unless you secretly installed a toilet in the turbolift when I wasn't looking."

Jadzia had her legs crossed now. A wave of urgency assaulted her bladder and she clenched her thighs tight, her lips forming a thin, tense line. When the urge passed Jadzia took a deep breath, glanced sidelong at her husband, and was greeted with a worried scowl.

This was getting ridiculous. She tapped her com badge.

"Dax to O'Brien," she said, trying not to sound too desperate. It only took him a moment to respond, but to Jadzia it felt like an eternity.

"O'Brien here." His voice sounded almost as strained as hers did. She doubted he was having a particularly good time right now, but the Chief's state of mind was far from her biggest concern at the moment.

"Any idea how much longer it'll be?" she asked.

"In a rush to get somewhere, Commander?"

"You could say that."

She could hear the distant beeping as he fiddled with some control. Finally he answered. "I'd say it'll be another hour or so."

"That is too long," Worf said. There was menace in his voice and Jadzia could only imagine the look on O'Brien's face as he heard it. The poor man certainly didn't deserve the Klingon ire being directed at him.

"I'm sorry, but that's the best I can do."

"I think what Worf meant is, if you could move things a little faster, that'd be great," Jadzia said.

O'Brien sighed. "I'll see what I can do."

"Thanks Chief," Jadzia said with a strained smile. With the com line terminated, she turned a stern expression towards her husband. "There's no need to be so aggressive."

"You are my wife."

"I'm also a grown woman with eight lifetimes of experience. I can take care of myself."

His shoulders slumped. "I know. And I am sorry."

Jadzia nodded as she clenched her jaw. "That's better," she said.

"You are going to have to wait for an hour," Worf stated.

"I heard."

They lapsed into silence once again, the only sound coming from Jadzia's uniform as she shifted around, rubbing her legs together and occasionally bouncing in place. She felt relatively proud of herself for holding it so long, given how desperately she needed to pee. It felt like she had somewhere near two liters of urine pent up inside her and she had so far kept all of it from escaping. At least that had been the case up until twenty minutes after her chat with the Chief.

At first she felt the usual wave of urgency that told her the current level of muscle control wasn't going to cut it for the next little bit. She clenched hard, bending over at the waist with her legs crossed almost painfully. It was just like every other wave that had passed, only this time she felt a small burst of warmth at her groin.

"Shit!" She groaned, hunching over even more as another burst of warmth spread into her underwear. She could hold it, she knew it! She clenched even tighter, her knuckles turning white where they gripped the railing as her entire body attempted to compensate for the muscle failure. Once more, wetness bloomed between her legs before the wave settled down somewhat. She couldn't relax, but she could think again.

She glanced down at her pants reflexively, though the uniform being black meant that there wasn't much to see. Her thighs didn't feel wet, so she knew it wasn't that bad, but it certainly felt like a catastrophic failure on her part. 300 year old trills did not wet themselves.

"Jadzia..."

"I know," she said through clenched teeth. There was no hiding what had happened from Worf. As her husband he was... attuned to her scent. "It won't happen again."

"I do not think that is something you can promise."

She groaned and let the side of her head rest against the turbolift wall. As though sensing her hopelessness, Worf wrapped his arms around her in a manner that was much gentler than she was used to. He clearly didn't want to cause her any worse discomfort by adding unneeded pressure to her bladder. She rested her head on his shoulder, too tense to properly relax, but capable of admitting that the whole ordeal was causing her physical exhaustion.

"I just want to pee," she mumbled into his shirt.

When another wave of desperation hit, she only managed to stay upright by grabbing onto Worf's arm and hanging on for dear life. This time she managed to clench enough that nothing leaked out, but it didn't make her feel any better. Worf rubbed her tight back muscles as she rode through the desperation.

She stayed in his arms for the next half hour or so. If it weren't for their physical contact, Jadzia wasn't sure she would have had the strength to hold it all in. As it was she had started to leak occasionally, tensing up as spurts of urine soaked into pants that were getting progressively wetter. She wished the small accidents would at least give her some relief, but her bladder was far too full for her to notice any difference.

She could feel the wetness on the inside of her thighs and was doing her best not to get any on Worf. She was sure he wouldn't hold her accountable, but it was a matter of principle. She couldn't pee on her husband... well, not without his permission first.

"I'm quitting coffee," she said finally.

"I find that unlikely."

"I mean it. The next time to see me ordering a raktajino, I want you to slap it out of my hand." Worf's arms shifted as he gripped her tighter in an attempt at comfort.

"I do not know a Klingon brave enough to attempt such a thing."

Jadzia would have laughed if she weren't afraid it would cause her to lose all control and soak everything from the waist down. She wanted nothing more than for it to be okay for her to pee right then and there. If her tortured bladder could just let loose everything that was built up inside, she was sure the ensuing flood would fill the turbolift and drown her and her husband.

Instead she groaned, tensing absolutely every muscle in her body as her bladder made every effort to make her wish come true. She felt another trickle of liquid make its way into the already saturated crotch of her pants.

The wave wasn't passing, however, and Jadzia felt panic as the slight trickle continued to escape. She tried to twist her legs even more, almost twisting out of Worf's grip in the process. She groaned even louder. "I can't..."

"O'Brien to Worf."

Jadzia quickly shut her mouth. There was a hushed silence as Worf watched her fight for control, but no matter what she did, she was still peeing, if only slightly.

"Go ahead," Worf said, answering the call.

"I haven't got the turbolifts running yet-" Jadzia wanted to cry, but wisely kept quiet. "-but I've got the transporters working. I've been transporting people out. Are you two ready?"

Worf glanced at Jadzia who was trying to get herself upright without starting a flood. She clenched urgently against the gentle trickle that was still making its way out of her and, by some miracle, managed to stem the flow. She was shaking, but at least she wasn't peeing. She nodded at Worf, who nodded back.

"We are ready."

Jadzia wasn't sure how she was going to handle the next bit. There was no way she would be able to take even one step without peeing torrentially, so how she was going to make it through ops and to the toilets, she wasn't sure. Not to mention the glistening wetness to her pants that would certainly be noticeable to anyone who bothered to look.

She swallowed nervously as the tubolift faded away around her.

The room that faded into view after, however, was not ops. Jadzia almost cried with joy. Bless Miles, he'd transported them to their quarters! Clearly the man had picked up on their situation.

Her joy faded when she realised that she still wasn't going to be able to get to the bathroom without incident.

"Jadzia..."

She was shaking. Somehow she managed to not start peeing the moment they had rematerialised, but it didn't change the fact that whatever her next move was, it was going to result in a very wet lower half.

"Worf, I can't move."

Worf regarded her carefully. However, where only a moment ago there had been worry, now there was something else in his expression. He reached up and ran a finger over the spots at her temple.

"That is fine."

"What-"

But Jadzia didn't get to finish asking her question, because Worf had looped one arm down and scooped her up by the knees. She screeched in shock as the sudden movement caused her to lose all control and a massive stream of urine burst out of her. Worf was now carrying her bridal style, not towards the bathroom, but towards their bedroom.

"Worf, I'm peeing!"

"That is also fine."

Then it occurred to her. For over an hour now, Worf had been trapped in a turbolift with her and... her musk. What the poor man must have been feeling at the scent of his wife in such a desperate state, at the scent of what she had been doing.

As he carried her into the bedroom Jadzia had made some attempt to try and stem the flow, but it was only half-hearted. Worf clearly didn't care that she was peeing, and if Worf didn't care where she peed... Jadzia really didn't care where she peed.

He threw her on the bed as she moaned in relief. Liquid gushed out of her with a muffled hiss, spluttering through her pants and into the furs she had been thrown onto. Worf buried his face in her neck, his teeth nipping urgently at her pulse. Jadzia squirmed under him, her body only aware of the pure carnal relief she felt as her bladder expelled a massive ocean beneath her.

The furs were quickly becoming waterlogged as Worf began to undo her pants, and still Jadzia was peeing with force. If the fate of the station depended on her stopping at this moment, Jadzia would have happily let everyone die, just so that she could finish expelling every last torturous drop of urine that had been plaguing her. Her husband's hand made its way into her undone pants, temporarily adding extra pressure to her sore bladder. She groaned, and even though she didn't think it was possible, her stream intensified and gushed forcefully into the pool underneath her.

Then she felt his fingers, and they were getting in the way. Though, she thought, not in a bad way. She'd expelled so much by now that her bladder was finally starting to feel good again, and the pleasure of his fingers mixed with the pure ecstasy of her relief caused her hips to thrust upwards with urgency. She was still peeing as he slipped them inside of her and hooked them in such a way that she couldn't hold back any more. If she thought peeing had felt good before, what she was feeling now was pure heaven. She cried out, her muscles tensing and her hips thrusting uncontrollably against his hand.

As her orgasm died down, Jadzia sagged with relief, sinking into furs that were now soaked in her urine as she allowed her bladder to finish emptying. Worf's unusually gentle fingers made their way out of her pants as her stream tapered into a trickle and eventually stopped completely. Jadzia hadn't even realised she had closed her eyes until she opened them and gazed into her husband's face. His body was pressed up against hers, and he was very nearly as soaked as she was.

"Well that was something," she said, her voice quiet and breathless.

"Mmmm..."

"Shame about the bed."

"The bed can be cleaned." Worf's voice was low, and very obviously still filled with lust. He'd taken care of his wife, but Worf's needs had yet to be addressed. Jadzia smiled mischievously at him.

"Well, we're still technically on duty, so... I suppose I should get myself cleaned up before we go back to work." She made a frail attempt to roll out from underneath him, her body squelching in the wet furs, but Worf had her quite effectively trapped.

"We are not done," he said.

She chuckled as his lips descended towards hers. "No, I suppose not."

The End.

The forums have a changed a bit since the last time I posted something, so hopefully it worked out okay. I might be tempted to write some more in my spare time as well, so we'll see how things go. It could be good to take a break from my project on occasion.

