Two Sisters on a Plane

Author: Goldwood 

*000*2023-01-01 00:50

Audrey loved flying as a kid. It meant the start of an exciting new trip and things such as breakfast at the airport and waking up at weird hours of the night to catch their early morning flight just added to the experience. As a 22 year old college student, most of those thoughts still rang true, on the departure trip anyway. By her return flight, she was exhausted and just wanted to get home as fast as possible. 

Audrey found herself at a busy airport waiting on her return flight alongside her sister, Katie. Both girls were on their way back to Goldwood for the start of the spring semester. Christmas and New Years had been nice, but their time as guests had run its course and Audrey was definitely ready to get away from her parents. And Katie. When Katie first told Audrey she was also committing to Goldwood College, Audrey laughed thinking it was a joke. They butted heads constantly and Audrey assumed she would take college as her opportunity to branch out of her older sister’s shadow. Katie explained that she originally had planned on it, but a sizable biochemistry scholarship said otherwise. Goldwood College did have a great program for that after all. The result led to very different sisters waiting for the same plane. Audrey wore her favorite black hoodie and tweaked her Spotify playlist while Katie sat working on an adult coloring book in a pink blouse and white jeans while her blonde hair was tied back. 

Audrey’s phone buzzed and Katie sighed having received the same message. Their flight was pushed back an hour. She was almost certain that would happen given the winter weather in Goldwood, but their Dad insisted on dropping them off at the airport two and a half hours early no matter what. 

“Want to get coffee to pass the time?” Audrey asked. 

“Sure!” Katie said. 

The line at the airport’s Dunkin Donuts was long, but there was plenty of time to kill so neither sister minded. They were in an atrium of sorts with plenty of plants and an indoor fountain which made for interesting scenery. 11:00 hit and the fountain turned off momentarily before shooting a spout of water high up in the air as some sort of hourly feature. By the time the fountain returned to normal, Audrey felt a twinge in her bladder. They’d been at the airport for several hours, so she made a note to pee after she was done with her coffee. In line, she saw Katie swaying from side to side. Perhaps she needed to go as well. 

By the time Audrey reached the counter, their flight was delayed an extra half hour so she opted to get a 24 oz. iced coffee and sip on that for the next hour. Katie bought one the same size and they headed to find a table at the food court. 

“This thing is massive, and I love it,” Katie said. “But first I think I’m going to go make room.” She set her drink down and headed off looking for a bathroom confirming Audrey’s suspicions. Given Katie’s history it wasn’t surprising. The younger sister had a bedwetting problem well into her teenage years was always the first person to pee at the movies or on family road trips. Audrey and her friends had made fun of her once when she was 16 and Katie was 14, but she genuinely felt awful afterwards and was happy once Katie finally got over it. Audrey in contrast had been blessed with a large bladder, yet cursed by being incredibly pee shy. Back when she worked her seasonal Halloween job, she’d routinely held her pee for entire shifts. She would’ve gotten away with it, if not for a fateful Halloween night where she drank two water bottles and conceded to wetting her pants after four hours of holding. 

Katie reappeared about ten minutes later. “Long line in there.” 

Audrey frowned at that news. “I was going to wait till I finished this, but I guess I’ll go now just in case.” 

“Smart planning,” Katie said. 

Audrey grinned. “That’s why I wasn’t the one in diapers for my fifteenth birthday.” 

“Rude!” Katie said. “In fact, I hope the line is so long that you pee your pants waiting.” 

Audrey sarcastically held up heart hands as she made her way to the bathroom. Her sister certainly wasn’t lying about the line. After about a third of her coffee, she was incredibly desperate and hopped from foot to foot in a line of ten adult women and a few kids. There were four stalls in the bathroom with one in use by someone who had to do more than pee based on the time taken. 

Two of the women in front of Audrey were perhaps even more desperate than she was. The first was an African American girl around her age with curly hair. She tapped her foot both very fast and very loud. As Audrey squirmed in line, her own tapping foot eventually synched up. Both Audrey and the other girl blushed as a girl who looked around five declared “they have to pee pee just like Mommy.” The little girl’s mother was a brunette with glasses who looked roughly in her late twenties or early thirties. Her legs were knotted and her hands pressed against her stomach when they weren’t hanging onto her kid. Her daughter eventually broke her grip and ran off to the paper towel dispenser. It was a apparently her first encounter with a motion sensor dispenser and she waved her arms to send out about five paper towels her mother ran out and grabbed her. As the woman bent down to pick up her daughter’s mess, Audrey caught a glance of white fabric. For a moment she thought it was a diaper, but she recognized it as one of those incontinence pads she saw on TV. She wondered if the pad was already damp. 

Audrey wound up wishing she had a protective pad of her own as the line continued to drag. A second stall was filled up by someone pooping and Audrey, the curly haired girl, and the young mom all squirmed in line. The curly haired girl had stopped tapping her foot in effort to keep her jeans dry. That appeared to be going well until Audrey heard her gasp. She looked over and saw a small stain at the crotch of her jeans. Seeing that seemed to inspire Audrey’s own bladder to leak. She panicked for a few seconds until she got her stream under control. A stall opened and the curly haired girl dashed past the three people in front of her and slammed it shut. Having seen her desperation none of the women in front of her were even that mad. 

“Excuse me, can I go in front of you?” the young mother asked Audrey. 

Audrey froze for a few seconds trying to politely tell her that she was desperate herself, but caved after a few desperate pleas. The brunette thanked her profusely and good willed strangers let her be next in line. Just when it looked like she was in the clear, the flush of a toilet was the last straw. The woman’s knees buckled and pee came gushing out. She tried to stem the flow but it did no good and comments from her daughter about “Mommy needs diapers” only embarrassed her further. As another spurt burst out of Audrey, she wondered what it felt like in the other woman’s shoes. She’d come prepared, but not prepared enough. Her pad had to be drenched after making its last stand. Had she been in any other predicament, Audrey would’ve gone to comfort her. 

Audrey finally bit the bullet and tried to move up in line. Two women let her past while the third said “Sorry two is enough and I’ve got to go.” Fair. Now that her desperation was known, Audrey had no reason to care about modesty. She was full on dancing by the time a stall opened for her. She yanked down her leggings and raced to the toilet. She couldn’t fully pull her panties down in time and they took part of the spray as a result. She sat on the bowl and threw her head back in exhaustion. She’d mostly made it. The fewer questions Katie asked, the better. 

After dabbing her pants and panties with toilet paper, she washed her hands as thoroughly as possible and left the bathroom. Katie was at the same table blissfully unaware of the hell her sister just went through. Their flight got pushed back another 30 minutes and both sisters relaxed at the food court enjoying their coffee. 

Forty-five minutes passed. Katie went to the bathroom again and Audrey was beginning to consider going a second time if she found better line luck. Audrey’s phone buzzed suddenly. Their flight hadn’t been delayed as long as the app expected and would board in five minutes! Katie came out a few minutes later. 

“Long line that time?” Audrey asked. 

“Oh not too bad,” Katie said. 

“Good. Guess I’ll just wait to go again during the flight at this point,” Audrey said. 

All passengers for the flight boarded smoothly. Katie sat by the window, Audrey took the middle seat and a middle aged man sat on the aisle seat across from his wife and two kids. Audrey was beginning to idly flip through bad airline TV when the pilot’s voice rang over the intercom. 

“Attention passengers. We are experiencing high wind delays. Expect to stay on the ground for about fifteen more minutes,” he said. 

Fifteen minutes inevitably turned into thirty and the remainder of Audrey’s coffee began to nag her. Just as she contemplated asking the man beside her to let her out, the delay was lifted and the plane began to move. She turned to Katie as the fasten seatbelt sign came on. Her sister was grimacing with legs tightly crossed. 

“Are you okay?” Audrey whispered. 

Katie shook her head. “I didn’t get a chance to pee that second time. The line was too long and I was scared to miss boarding.” 

“Oh no,” Audrey said. “You drank that huge coffee and haven’t gone in about…” 

“Two hours,” Katie whispered. 

“Well if it makes you feel any better, I have to go too,” Audrey said. 

Katie took a deep breath. “Well, this flight is about to get interesting.” 

Audrey nodded as the plane rocketed down the runaway and eventually took flight. Her ears popped and her bladder filled while the fasten seatbelt sign taunted them overhead. 


*006*2023-01-08 00:54

Thanks for all the encouraging feedback! It's been a busy week, but without further ado...

Audrey’s legs were crossed tightly as the plane climbed higher and higher. She wasn’t on the verge of an accident yet, but could feel her bladder steadily filling as coffee worked its way through her system. She looked over at Katie. Her sister appeared to be in an even worse state. Her hands were pressed into her crotch and she unbuttoned her jeans once it was clear that the man sitting on the other side of Audrey was reading his book and ignoring them completely.

“I have to go so bad,” Katie whispered. “Worse than I’ve had to in years.”

“You’ll be fine,” Audrey said. She didn’t entirely believe that, but hoped Katie would. For years, she’d found Katie annoying and argued over mostly trivial things as all siblings did at one point in time. But the longer they sat on the plane with the seatbelt sign on, it was clear that the past didn’t matter. She was particularly worried about her sister’s confidence. Katie had been much shyer as a teenager during her bedwetting phase and Audrey hoped that wouldn’t return if the worst happened on the plane.

Audrey’s ears stopped popping and the plane leveled out as it reached a comfortable altitude. She looked up at the seatbelt sign hoping the coast was clear. Then the light turned off and the captain’s voice sounded over the intercom. “Attention passengers, we have now reached our primary altitude for the duration of the flight. The fasten seatbelt sign is off and you are free to move around the cabin.”

Both girls high fived as they waited to get out of their row. The man to Audrey’s left asked his young daughter if she needed to go potty and she said no. Just when Audrey and Katie were about to get out, the little girl changed her mind locking them in place for a bit longer. Katie gave Audrey a side eye, but neither girl said anything out loud. The little girl needed help tying her shoes and under any other circumstances Audrey would’ve loved the sweet moment of watching a good father.

@@Finally, the girl and her dad left. Audrey and Katie were in row P of the plane and had a choice to make. The lines for the bathrooms on row A and row Z were both fairly long. It appeared that the constant delays both in the airport and on the tarmac had led to plenty of others in their shoes. The line for the bathroom at row Z had more kids, so Audrey made an impromptu decision predicting that one to take longer. She booked it to the end of the line at row A and let Katie get in front of her. Audrey couldn’t help but grimace as she counted the line. Katie was 10th, so if everyone took two minutes they’d be in line for twenty at best! Worse yet, the majority of the people in line looked pretty desperate so she doubted they’d have much luck moving up if needed. An older woman said something to her husband about nature’s call, laughed at her own quip, and then chuckled again about how laughing was a bad idea. A guy in his late twenties did a pee dance to the amusement of the other passengers. “I don’t know him,” his wife or girlfriend said while clearly wearing his hoodie.

The line shrank slowly but surely. Eventually the laughing woman went, followed by the dancing guy and his significant other. A middle-aged man went after them, but the time he spent inside clearly meant he had to do more than pee. Katie was third in line and Audrey was fourth. Audrey crossed her legs as tightly as possible when Katie turned to her.

“Audrey, I leaked.”

Audrey froze. She turned to face her sister, who tapped her foot furiously up and down. Audrey examined her jeans. “I don’t see anything on the outside.”

“That’s good,” Katie whispered. The middle-aged man finally came out and the rest of the line moved up. Katie gasped suddenly and a small spot on the crotch of her jeans darkened.

“I can see that one. But don’t worry, we’re almost next,” Audrey said.

Katie nodded. “It’ll be fine.”

Just as the young woman in front of her was about to go in, the wrath of bathroom gods struck. Thunder boomed outside and the cabin shook. Katie was caught off guard and her wet patch expanded further. A blonde flight attendant with glasses named Sarah approached them.

“We’re caught in turbulence. I need you to return to your seat,” she said.

“Can I please go? I’m seriously about to pee my pants,” Katie said.

Sarah pondered Katie’s plight against plane protocol for a few seconds before the captain’s voice shot down any chance by telling all passengers to go back and fasten their seatbelts. The cabin rattled around a bit on the walk back further emphasizing his point.

Audrey sat down and saw her sister on the verge of tears. “I’m going to pee my pants. I’m going to pee my pants…”

“You’ll be fine, Katie. You can hold it,” Audrey said in encouragement.

“No. My bladder’s too small. It always has been,” Katie said. She leaked again and Audrey found herself unable to refute her sister’s pessimism. Katie leaked twice more and Audrey’s bladder sprung its first leak of the flight. Warm pee seeped into her panties and made a quarter sized patch on her leggings. She was embarrassed for herself, but the leak felt awfully good.

Finally, it happened. Katie sat with her hands pressed into her crotch as she leaked again, but her body was unable to stop it. A torrent of hot pee flooded her jeans before traveling down her legs or pooling around her ass. She shifted in her seat and a sizeable amount of urine dripped onto the floor. For a second she appeared to regain control, but her exhausted muscles couldn’t hold on. A second smaller stream ran almost exclusively down the left leg of her white jeans.

Audrey was in shock processing what just happened. Not unlike when they were teenagers, she’d witnessed her sister have an accident. Katie’s white jeans and even the bottom of her pink shirt were completely drenched. Unsure of what else to do, Audrey gave her a hug.

“Thanks,” Katie whispered.

Audrey’s bladder leaked a few more times, but she was too invested in big sister mode to care about that. “You’ll be fine,” Audrey said.

“Will I though?” Katie asked. “I’m 20 years old and I just peed my pants. And it’s not like I was drunk or scared either. I just couldn’t hold it in anymore like when I was younger.”

“It’s an embarrassing moment. They happen,” Audrey said.

“Easy for you to say,” Katie said. “I’ve dealt with this stuff throughout my life. When was the last time you wet yourself, Audrey?”

“Halloween,” Audrey admitted with a shrug.

Katie looked surprised. “Like this past Halloween?”

“Yep!” Audrey said. “Remember that haunted maze job? I drank two bottles of water and couldn’t get a break until it was too late. The bathroom line was too long so I just peed myself by a tree.”

“Hold up. You intentionally peed yourself?” Katie asked.

“I mean my body was going to do the same thing in a matter of minutes,” Audrey shrugged. “Felt kind of good honestly.”

“Weirdo,” Katie laughed.

“When you’ve got to go, you’ve got to go,” Audrey shrugged. She leaked again and a small pool of urine formed on her seat. “Damn it’s really about to come out.”

“You can hold it,” Katie said. “We’ve just got to get through this turbulence.”

“And who knows how long that will take,” Audrey said.

Time dragged slowly as Audrey held on as tightly as she could. Katie whispered words of encouragement which honestly seemed to help. Even so, she could feel her resolve slipping. Pee spurted out in leaks that gradually grew longer each time. The end was truly in sight.

“Attention passengers, the turbulence has ended. You may move around the cabin again.”

Audrey spurted again as the announcement caught her off guard. She awkwardly pushed past the man in the aisle seat and raced to the toilet at row Z. It looked like she would get there until Sarah, the flight attendant from earlier, slipped in and shut the door.

“Oh no,” Audrey said under her breath.

The bathroom door hid little as Sarah shouted “Oh fuck!” followed by a medium length stream and then a really long one. Audrey leaked again, this one lasting for nearly thirty seconds. She heard the flight attendant start washing up, but it was too late. Her bladder was exhausted and the inevitable happened.

One moment Audrey was crossing her legs and praying to every deity she knew. The next, hot urine soaked through her gray leggings and drenched her hands en route to the floor. The door opened, but it was too late. Audrey made eye contact with Sarah who apologized profusely as Audrey lost all control in front of her. Her panties went from wet drenched and a strong stream ran down either side of her leggings. She thought her stream from Halloween was strong, but even that one had nothing on the waterfall gushing down her legs. Realizing all was lost, Audrey stepped aside and let the woman behind her go.

“I’m sorry!” Sarah exclaimed. “We’re supposed to wait until the passengers have gone, but I was about to wet myself. I kind of did actually…”

Audrey looked down at her white pencil skirt which displayed a softball sized wet patch and steady trail of urine. “I can’t blame you,” Audrey said. “I literally just told my sister it was no big deal, but gosh this is embarrassing. I graduate college in five months!”

Sarah gave her a pat on the back. “And I’m a 32-year-old adult with two kids. You’re not the first person to wet yourself on the plane and you sure won’t be the last.”

“Thanks,” Audrey said. “I needed some encouragement of my own.”

Shoes squelching, Audrey returned to her seat. She was bright red as she crept back into her row and slid next to Katie. “That didn’t work out.”

Katie grinned. “Join the club.”

The next hour of the flight was uneventful, but the turbulence eventually returned. Audrey was listening to music when Katie nudged her. “Um Audrey. I have to go again.”

“There only an hour and ten minutes left. Do you think you can make it?”

“No…” Katie said. “I’ve already leaked three times and this storm isn’t going away.”

“I’m not sure what to do then,” Audrey said.

Katie trembled. “I’ve been thinking about what you said on Halloween, about how you realized you couldn’t make it and just went. I think I’m going to do that.” She was red faced and looked on the verge of tears as Audrey assured her it was okay. She gave Katie her hand and her sister took it. Then she let go.

At first it was a small stream, one that acted as embarrassed as Katie herself. Audrey watched as it grew steadily stronger until Katie completely relaxed and let her pee rewarm her white jeans. It created a second wet patch that added an interesting layer on top of the first, which was only partially dry.

“Better?” Audrey asked.

“Much better,” Katie said.

At long last, the plane finally touched down. Audrey waved to Sarah on her way off the plane and felt her need growing again. She power walked to the closest airport bathroom as soon as she was in the terminal. She reckoned she and Katie were quite the sight as two young women marched through the airport in clothes that clearly displayed and reeked of pee. They retrieved their bags and at long last, arrived at Audrey’s car.

“Worst. Flight. Ever,” Katie said as Audrey laughed in agreement.

“Trip’s not over yet!” Audrey exclaimed. “We could have a tire blowout and pee ourselves again putting on the spare.”

“Don’t you dare speak that into existence,” Katie said.

Fortunately, that did not happen and they arrived at Audrey’s flat for the night where some incredibly long and thorough showers awaited both of them.

Two months later…

Audrey shut her laptop in annoyance. She and Katie were heading to Nashville for spring break and the weather report said giant storm was about to blow through. Messages between the two sisters confirmed that two months was certainly not enough time to escape the PTSD from their New Years flight. Katie knocked on her door and Audrey opened it.

“Hey stranger!” Audrey said.

“Howdy!” Katie said.

“That’s more of a Texas thing than a Tennessee thing,” Audrey said.

“Maybe it is,” Katie said. “But about our flight tomorrow…”

“There’s gonna be a lot of turbulence. Isn’t that fun?” Audrey said.

Katie blushed. “Totally. Don’t laugh, but I’ve got something. For me, but you’re welcome to one if you’d like.”

“Okay, you’re acting weird. Out with it,” Audrey said.

Katie took a deep breath and pulled a pack of adult diapers out of her bag.

Audrey couldn’t help but laugh. “You know, that might not be the worst idea…”

*010*2023-01-23 03:54

A/N: Thanks so much everyone for your kind feedback! This has been my most popular story since joining this site and it took some time to come up with a third chapter that wasn't just a rehash of chapter 2 with diapers. Hope you enjoy :)

Katie couldn’t remember ever being as close with Audrey as they’d gotten in recent months. It took longer than their parents’ might’ve hoped, but both sisters had truly developed a friendship and mutual respect. The night before the trip was an absolute blast. They shared a bottle of wine while playing Mario Kart and laughing about several adventures and petty fights they’d had growing up.

As the night drew on, Katie noticed something. Over two hours had passed and neither she nor Audrey had gone to the bathroom yet. The bottle was over half empty and Katie definitely felt some pressure building in her bladder. Audrey’s legs were crossed, but it didn’t appear like she was in any urge to go. After they finished their current glasses, Audrey poured both of them a glass of water.

“Good plan,” Katie said taking a sip. Her bladder didn’t appreciate the new liquid, but Katie drank it quickly. She thought about getting up to pee, but ultimately stayed seated as an idea occurred to her.

“We’ve got a long flight tomorrow and I’ve always had a tiny bladder. I wonder if I can hold it longer than Audrey…”

It seemed like an interesting idea. Audrey had always had the stronger bladder of the two, so Katie figured she likely wouldn’t need to worry about using a diaper on the flight if she could outlast her. The task didn’t seem too daunting either. Audrey was tapping her foot, probably waiting for a lull in the game or conversation to get up and pee.

Eventually they grew tired of Mario Kart. Audrey poured them each a final glass to finish off the wine while hopping from foot to foot. It was comical to the point that Katie had to finally say something.

“Girl. Go pee!” Katie laughed.

“I will in a minute!” Audrey said. “But to be fair, every time I get up to go pee, it looks like you’re about to get up. You’re holding yourself like a madwoman.”

Katie went beet red. Apparently, she wasn’t as subtle as she thought. “Audrey, boot the Switch back up. There’s only one way to settle who pees first.”

“Oh, it’s on!” Audrey said. She turned the console back on as both sisters picked their characters. With a mischievous glint in her eye, Audrey picked the simply called “Water Park”.

“Real mature,” Katie laughed.

Bladder absolutely bursting, Katie braced herself for the toughest Mario Kart race of her life. She and Audrey had roughly split their games earlier, so it was a true toss up to see who would win. The race kicked off with an eventful first lap as she and Audrey kept it close while utilizing seemingly every item under the sun. Katie felt great until the very end of the lap when she felt an all too familiar sensation.

A few drops of pee leaked out. Katie grimaced and crossed her legs even tighter while taking a look at Audrey. Her sister was rocking back and forth while trying to lock into the game and ignore her own bladder. A gasp midway through the second lap proved she wasn’t quite successful.

“Is Audrey leaking too?” It certainly seemed like it. Audrey’s kart slowed down and Katie zoomed past her. She felt another spurt of pee and did her best to stay focused. The final lap started and the music sped up. She spun out a few seconds later as Audrey hit her with a red shell. Katie cast a fleeting glance at the bathroom door as she tried to close the gap against Audrey. She rounded a curve and got a red shell of her own. With Audrey ahead of her on a straightaway, she fired her shell. Audrey yelped, but not because of the game.

“I’m peeing, I’m peeing!” Audrey shouted jumping out of her chair. She sprinted into the bathroom with a few streaks visibly running down her legs.

“Hurry up!” Katie shouted as the door slammed shut.

“No promises!” Audrey called back.

Outside the door, Katie felt a few more leaks as Audrey peed. After one particularly strong spurt, she realized that she had no time to spare. Katie frantically looked around the living room before finding a flowerpot holding some type of ivy. Katie yanked her pants down as the dam burst. Pee rained down and soaked through her panties for a few seconds before she had a chance to pull them down. The release felt incredible as she watered the plant with several glasses of wine and water. Some inevitably splashed and she mopped it up with a paper towel as Audrey walked out. The black-haired girl had a softball sized wet patch on her pajama pants.

“Bathroom’s free,” Audrey said.

“About that. I watered your plant. Hope you don’t mind!” Katie said.

Audrey laughed. “There's no way.”

Katie giggled and held up the paper towel. “Do you need to smell it for proof?”

“Ew! I’ll take your word for it,” Audrey said. “Hopefully that wasn’t a sign of things to come tomorrow on the plane.”

“Hopefully not. I’d prefer not to use the diapers,” Katie said.

They went to bed about an hour later. Katie was sleeping on the couch and waited for her turn in the bathroom after Audrey. She got ready and then reluctantly walked back out into the living room where the pack of adult diapers sat on the counter. She really didn’t want to use one, but didn’t want to risk ruining Audrey’s couch either. She cringed at the all too familiar crinkle as she put it on and headed to bed.

“I’ll be fine. It’s just a precaution,” Katie told herself.

She fell asleep and had a dream where she was back on a plane. She and Audrey were younger, and joined by several of Audrey’s childhood friends who’d made fun of her for her accidents. The bathroom on the plane was out of order and all the other girls were absolutely desperate. Audrey wet herself first followed by Jenny, then Sarah, then Michelle. By the time Katie had her own accident, she was in no position for them to judge her.

Katie groggily woke up. Her dream had been a vivid one and she felt the padding of diaper. It was soaked, but thankfully hadn’t leaked. Her first reaction was annoyance that it happened. Then she began to panic. As open as she’d gotten with Audrey, she really did not want her to know about her bedwettings returning. She looked around for a place to hide the soaked diaper. The trash didn’t need to be taken out and the diaper would stink to high heavens by the time they returned a week later. She considered waiting to throw it away at the airport, but didn’t want the diaper to be found by security as some kind of biohazard concern. Not wanting to tell Audrey, she tossed the diaper in a grocery bag and tiptoed to the door. The dumpster was right around the corner so she just had to undo the lock and…

“Katie?” A delirious Audrey said walking out of her room.

“Hey. Sorry if I woke you. You can go back to bed,” Katie said awkwardly.

“What are you doing?” Audrey asked cutting to the chase.

“I was taking something to the trash,” Katie admitted.

Audrey looked from the trash bag to the opened pack of diapers in understanding. “Has it started happening again?”

“Not always, but usually after I have a lot to drink a night. Not just alcohol either,” Katie said.

“That’s nothing to be ashamed of. You saw what a mess I was earlier tonight. Just toss that in the trash, put on another one and we’ll take it out tomorrow morning,” Audrey said.

"And you're sure it's not a big deal?" Katie asked.

"Positive," Audrey said.

“You’re the best,” Katie said.

Audrey grinned. “Thanks. I try.”

After laughing that off, Katie put on a fresh diaper and headed back to bed. It was great to have such a caring sister like Audrey. She couldn’t wait for an exciting (and hopefully dry) trip to Nashville!


