A Ghost Story - Pt.4

Author: Gothes

*000*2020-02-03 15:41

CHAPTER 4: DESPERATE MOMENTS

The last light of the day was slowly fading away, Sofie started to feel the cold and decided it was time to leave. She rubbed her wet body dry on the grass and then stood up.

"What are you doing?", asked Dana.

"It's getting dark, I need to go back home."

"No, Sofie, can't you stay a bit more? I enjoy the time with you."

"You know, I had fun as well, surprisingly ... but I don't want to cause my mother any worries."

"Of course."

Dana then stood up as well and smiled at Sofie. The girl smiled awkwardly back.

"But you don't want to go back home like this", asked Dana again.

"Oh God, you're right!", Sofie had been naked for so long that she forgot about her clothes.

"Where's my dress?", she asked Dana.

"Follow me", said the ghost and took Sofie by her hand and started walking. Dana's palm was still wet from her pee.

"Did you hide my clothes?"

"Don't worry I know where they are."

The girls kept walking up the hill, towards the edge of the woods.

"Over there!", Dana called and pointed at a tree right in front of them. Sofie stopped and looked closer. She saw her clothes hanging down from a branch, slightly waving in the wind.

"The were soaking wet, especially your skirt, so I hung them up to dry", said Dana slightly proud.

"Oh ... thanks."

The women arrived at the tree and Sofie started to reach for her garments. The branch was way to high for her and she started to jump up as high as she could trying to grab everything, while Dana next to her couldn't help but look at Sofie's beautiful body. They way the girl's breasts where bouncing and buttcheeks were wobbling made Dana excited. Lust overcame the ghost once again and as Sofie asked: "Could you help me?", Dana was shaking. She got closer to the young woman and moved her hand softly on Sofie's butt.

"What are you doing?", Sofie asked.

"I didn't have the opportunity to feel your bottom yet", whispered Dana and squeezed one of her glutes gently. Then she moved in front of Sofie and placed her hand on the young woman's groin. Sofie promtly got hit by an intense urge to pee. Caught by surprise she instinctively blocked her outlet with both hands and crossed her legs. Sofie groaned. Dana was looking at her pain smiling. Still surprised by the need that suddenly overcame her, Sofie tried to hold everything in, and she didn't seem to have intentions of letting go.

"What?!", asked Dana: "You're still not comfortable peeing in front of me?!"

"I guess I am not as excited and fearless as I was earli ... Aaaah!", Sofie moaned in desperation.

"Don't be afraid, Sofie ... I will ..."

Dana stopped talking all of a sudden and quickly turned her head towards the inside of the forest. "What?", Sofie asked exhausted.

"Shhhh", Dana whispered: "Someone's coming!"

"What?! Who's com..." Dana suddenly disappeard and Sofie was left alone, wiggling and jiggling around in desperation. "Dana?!", she whispered panicky. The ghost was gone but her voice chimed for a moment: "Hide! Quickly!", she said. In that moment Sofie heard a rustle and some branches cracking. Scared she hid behind the biggest tree she could find, forgetting about her strong need for a moment.

A hunter emerged out of the forest's shadow and was probably on his way home. Sofie knew the man since he lived in her same village and she was trying her best to not be spotted by him. The last thing she wanted was to get caught in a forest alone, naked and desperate to pee in front of an elderly gentlemen that was also aquainted with her. The young girl was heavily panicking inside.

She tried to be quiet and not move but with her bloated bladder pressed against the tree stump and the urge to pee that got bigger and bigger she was having a really hard time. She secretly observed the man with the rifle as he slowly made her way out of the forest. "Please, hurry up!", Sofie thougt, she even had a hard time thinking about it since she was intesly focused on not losing control, the silence all around her would have made the splash of even the slightes drop or spurt escaping her bladder sound like a waterfall. The hunter was about to reach the meadows when Sofie's clothes still on the branch caught his attention.

"Oh no", she thought. The man stopped and observed the strange find he just made. He was walking up and down and around the tree to figure out what was going on, while Sofie, not far away from him, wasn't feeling very well. She knew Dana was there somewhere looking at her and rubbing herself probably, but she had to pee so incredibly bad that she couldn't care less. She felt the need to move her body to relieve the pressure a bit but to much movement could've revealed her presence. "Just go!", she whispered silently to the man who was looking at her soaked skirt that was still dripping. The hunter seemed to wonder why it was so wet and looked around for further hints. "Hello?", he called. Sofie remained silent. She felt how the first drops of urine where running down her legs and that feeling of wetness made her want to go even more. Her whole body was shaking but Sofie kept on fighting.

"Who's there?!", the hunter said all of a sudden. Sofie got scared and lost control of her bladder for a moment. A spurt of pee escaped shooting out between her fingers and down on the ground: "Shit!", she whispered: "He caught me!" Sofie's heart was pounding as she sneaked behind the tree. She was already expecting the hunter to walk in her direction. "How am I going to explain this?!", she thougt panicky, but much to her surprise the man was heading in the other direction.

"Hello?", he called once again. In that moment Sofie noticed a nude woman in the distance waving at the hunter, it was Dana. He noticed her and tried to approach the ghost while she was slowly moving backwards to drain him away from Sofie. As the young woman realized what was happening she felt relieved and so did her bladder.

As soon as the man reached a safe distance, Sofie kneeled down dramatically on the musty forest floor and filled with joy she pissed her soul out. The relief was immense and Sofie lost her breath for a moment. The powerful stream formed a little hole in the ground that quickly filled up with pee and lots of foam. The puddle grew and grew, it was running along Sofie's knees, legs and feet and she was looking at it in excitement. As she lifted her head she noticed Dana on the other side of the tree trunk observing her.

"Thanks, Dana", she said exhausted.

"Don't worry. He caught me by surprise as well and it took me a while to figure out how to get rid of him ... mostly because you distracted me with your gorgeous dance."

"Aaaah", Sofie moaned as she was still emptying her bladder and all you could hear in that moment was Sofie's urine splashing and gushing to the ground ... but then, the sound of another stream appeared. The woman looked up at Dana but she was gone. She looked around and on her left she saw a jet of urine falling down from above. Sofie looked up, still peeing, and saw Dana sitting on a branch peeing down next to her. She saw her genitals from underneath and a limpid stream of urine coming out of them. That made Sofie realized how thirsty she was and like a kid on a fountain she moved her mouth towards the watery urine and took a big sip of it.

"What are you doing?", Dana asked laughing.

"All the fuss made me really thirsty."

"Well then, drink, my dear."

Sofie took another refreshing sip and finally stood back up stomping into the wetness she had just created.

"Now come back down and help me get my clothes back", she told Dana.

The ghost instead kept peeing and looked back at Sofie's induments. She followed Dana's look and saw how her clothes were falling down the tree one after another.

"Thank you!", she called and the pale woman's stream stopped.

While Sofie was grabbing for her clothes Dana reappeared in front of her. The young woman got scared and said: "Stop doing this, or I'll get a heart attack soon."

"Sorry, dear", giggled the ghost.

Sofie started grabbing for her underwear as she realized that everything was still soaking wet.

"This didn't dry at all!", she whined.

"Well, you urinated quite a bit and your underpants soaked everything up ... And you skirt as well!"

Sofie looked down at her brown skirt and saw a giant, massively obvious wet patch on it.

"Oh no!", Sofie complained: "I can't go home like this!"

"It's will be dark when you reach the village. Noone will see it."

"But what about my mother, Dana?"

"Well, she experienced the same thing as well ... multiple times, so I think she will understand?"

"But ... it's still embarassing! ... What should I say to her?"

"Just tell her that you met me along the way."

"No, I don't want that! ... I don't want my mother to think that I enjoy peeing as well."

"Why not?"

"It's awkward and it will probably be really uncomfortable when we will talk about pee and peeing together."

"You two talk about it sometimes??"

"Well ... we ... uh ... it doesn't matter! ... Can you maybe dry my clothes a little?"

"I'm afraid not, I can only make them wetter hahaha."

Sofie had no other choice, she had to put her wet clothes back on, hoping to not get caught by her mother or anybody else. To make matters worse she realized that they also strongly smelled of urine.

"That's gonna be fun", Sofie said sarcastically. She began to put her clothes back on. The wetness on her skin felt really uncomfortable but she had to ignore it as much as she could.

Every item of clothing was back in place only her shoes were missing.

"Where are they?", asked Sofie.

Dana pointed with her finger on another branch, way lower than the first one, were Sofie's shoes were still hanging by the shoelaces. The woman took them down an put her foot into the first one just to realize that both shoes were also wet and still filled with urine. Sofie once again grunted. She poured the urine out of her old shoes and finally put them back on.

"Alright", Sofie said unhappy.

Dana looked a bit sad and whispered to Sofie:"I really enjoyed watching you naked." Another awkward smile appeared on Sofie's face.

"We will see each other again, right? Please, I had so much fun with you today."

"I thought I was going to send you back in hell when I first met you, but I must admit you were right after all. I really did enjoy all this, except the pain maybe!"

"But that's what made the relieve so much better, Sofie."

"That's ... actually true."

"So you will come and visit me again?"

"Yes, I would very much like to."

Dana was filled with joy: "Let's always meet here, on this meadow."

"Alright, and how can I find you?"

"Don't worry I will always be here ... and then we will make the best out of every sunset."

"Sounds very nice ... but when you meet with my mother don't tell her about me, alright? Let's keep this a secret!"

"As you wish", whispered Dana one last time. "But before you go, Sofie, I need to give you something", she added.

"What?"

Dana stuck out her tongue and there was a key on it. Sofie looked closer and confused she asked: "Is this the key of my housedoor?"

"Uh-huh"

Sofie took the key from Dana's tongue and asked:"You stole it from me?!"

"No, you left it at your friend's house your mother told me earlier ... So I went there and took it with me while you were unconscious."

"What?! ... and Mary didn't see you?"

"She didn't but I did ... and I must say she's very pretty."

"She really is."

"Do ... do you think she enjoys peeing as well."

"Uuuh", Sofie laughed nervous: "Dana, I don't know ... find out if you want."

"Oh trust me, I will! ... and I'm pretty sure she has that fire within her, after all I saw you both once peeing together."

"What?! When?!"

"You don't remember last year, when you both peed behind your neighbour's house at night."

"You saw that?!"

"But of course ... The village fair was that day, everyone urinates everywere on that occasion, I can't miss that."

"But ... But ... We didn't do that on purpose. We both needed a piss and we decided to take turns ..."

"I know, I know, but as your friend heard your splashing urine her urge grew and she couldn't hold it in ... and then you peed next to each other."

"And you enjoyed it I imagine."

"Every second of it!"

"But just because Mary has a weak bladder doesn't mean she enjoys it."

"I know, but I saw something you didn't"

"What?"

"Mary kept looking under your skirt while you both were peeing. She was staring at your stream coming out, Sofie."

"Whaaat? ... I didn't see that?"

"Of course not, it was dark and you were quite drunk as well."

"And so was Mary, she probably did that because she was tipsy."

"There is truth and confidence in alcohol, Sofie."

Sofie was speechless, Dana did have a point.

"Wouldn't it be great for you, Sofie, to share this passion with your best friend."

"Uuh ... I ... maybe. I don't know I wouldn't deny it."

"We'll find out. Now go home before you get lost in the forest."

Smiling Sofie said goodbye to the ghost and walked away into the night ... but that last story just gave Dana an Idea.

End of part 4

... part 5 is gonna be the last, I promise!

