Lottie x Digby (Romantic Animal Crossing omorashi)

Author: Gatto-Italiano

*000*2020-02-06 23:10

Author's notes:

This is NOT related to my last story AT ALL. That story was just a Role-Play that was converted into a story (and it wasn't even written with knowledge of animal crossing)

I haven't played any of the games! I just really like the characters! I read some bios online about the characters to get a good description on who I'm writing about.

My grammar is bad.... I know....

Thank you if you read this! I hope you enjoy the story.

###

Lottie opened her eyes, she was still laying in bed, still tired. But also a little bit nervous...

She sat up in bed and looked at the clock. It was already 8:24 AM...

"(Gasp) I need to get ready!"

And with that she shot up and got out of bed! Lottie was already off schedule!

What's the hurry you may ask? Well.... there's this picnic party on the edge of town... and the whole village is invited! And when they mean everyone, they mean everyone! But why was the little otter so nervous? Because her biggest crush, Digby, will be there! It's been a dream of hers to win him over, and today could be the day!

Lottie scurried, panicked, and hurried to get her makeup and outfit on. Rushing a mourning routine is hard... aseptically when your as nervous as she is! But after 10 minutes of running around she was ready!

"Okay... I can do this.... I look great... I feel great... today is the day! Digby will know exactly how I feel about him!" She walked outside her house, and closed the door behind her before walking off to the picnic.

On the way there... Lottie couldn't help but think that she's forgetting something. "Makeup? No no... I did that... hair? Nope that's alright too..." She looked down a herself "Phew... I don't even know what I would do if my outfit looked off!" She walked and walked on, trying to figure out what she forgot.

As she walked on, her steps gave her lower abdomen and slight feeling of bloating. "Ohhhh, I didn't pee when I woke up!" She thought to herself. "Well... I've walked out far enough anyway... I'll just have to take care of that later..."

Only a few minuets or so later, she saw the area... and guess who's checking people in! Yep! That's right! Digby! As soon as Lottie saw the outside of the picnic area, she was delighted to see him there. [Okay... just keep calm...] she thought.

She approached the entrance, Digby looked up from his clipboard to see her. "Hey! Good mourning Lottie! Welcome to the picnic! How are you?!" He asked in his signature friendly tone.

She was kind of nervous just from the sight of Digby. But now she actually has to talk to him! "Uhh y-yeah! I'm fine... umm how are you?"

"Great, thank you for asking! Anyway..." he looked back down at the clipboard "I don't to need to ask who you are... let me just find that name real quick" After he said that, Lottie thought to herself...

[So he does know who I am! Should I ask him now?! Would it be to sudden? Would I have the chance to ask him later?!

His pen swiped across the page. "You're all set Lottie! Enjoy the picnic!"

"Ohh right!" She started walking in with an uncomfortable walk, she wanted to ask him but was to nervous. Digby took notice of this.

"Are you okay there?"

"YES! Everything is fine!" Digby physically recoiled from how loud she was all the sudden.

"Alright, just making sure, have fun!" he said before putting his attention back to the clipboard. As Lottie walked in, she couldn't help but think. [Ahhhh I just blew it! Why did I have to sound so unnatural!] She entered the party and saw all the villagers still there. Lottie didn't have it in her right now to talk to anyone. So she just sat down at the nearest table and looked down in self shame.

Another distracting factor was her bladder. That thing is only getting more full by the minute! So as she sat down her thighs came together in her skirt.

"I think I just blew it... my chances are ruined...what could I do to salvage this?" Her bladder kicked again "oooohh, maybe I should at least look for a ladies room first..." She picked her head up and looked around. All she saw was people, and tables... no sign of a bathroom near her...

Lottie looked back at the entrance. Digby was talking to the mayor. "I wonder what they're doing?" Then Digby handed the clipboard to the mayor, and started walking towards the picnic! "Wait... what's going on?" she thought "Is his shift done or something?" It appears that the mayor has just decided to cover his shift! So now he's free to enjoy himself!

"(gasp) this means I have another chance to talk to him!"

Lottie watched him like a hawk from a distance. Every move he made, she saw it. Eventually Digby got himself a drink and started talking to Tom Nook. "Darn it! He's talking to someone else! I don't want to be rude and interrupt them" All the sudden her growing need to wee wasn't as strong at the moment, funny how that works... "What if I get rejected in front of him too! Ohhh I'll never hear the end of it!" Lottie's thighs where still close though...

She just stared and stared. Eventually she got lost in Digby's looks, she wanted to talk to him but she couldn't think of anything to say. So Lottie just sat there, alone, wishing she wasn't...

This went on for what felt like 10 minuets.

But then, Lottie heard a voice next to her

"He's quite a dream boat isn't he?"

"Ahh!" Being caught starring all the sudden definitely frightened her. In fact she nearly lost control of her bladder! Her legs crossed over each other as she turned to the right to see who said that. It was Isabelle, Digby's twin sister.

"Hahahahaha! Sorry was I interrupting you?!" Isabelle asked as she sat down next to Lottie.

"I was- No you weren't interrupting anything! W-what do you mean?!"

"Hahaha! You're the best Lottie! You don't have to hide anything from me... I can tell what's going on here..." she said smiling. "You've been eyeing him for weeks now, I'm not blind!"

Lottie buried her face in her paws. "(Sigh) sorry...." she said blushing "I know it's weird..."

"Weird? maaaaybe, but what's weirder is the fact that you haven't asked him out yet!" Isabelle said smugly.

"I know, I know, but he's just... always busy... and right now he's talking to someone, I don't want to be rude!"

"Excuses excuses! Trust me, I know my brother well... he wouldn't consider you rude!"

"You really think so?"

"I KNOW so Lottie..."

"Yeah... you're probably right..." Lottie just got a sudden burst of desperation "Actually do you know where the ba-" She was cut short by the sound of someone else walking to the table.

It was Rosie, "Hey ladies! So how are you 2 doing on this beautiful day!" she said as hyper as she usually is. Isabelle looked at Rosie and couldn't wait to tell her what was going on.

"We're doing great! Especially Lottie over here..."

"(sigh) please don't tell her too"

"Tell me what?!" Rosie sat down in front of them with a look of excitement "Tell me!"

Lottie started pleading "Isabelle... please..."

"Well, long story short..." Lottie looked down at the table and face palmed a little while blushing more and more. "She seems to have taken a liking to my brother..."

Rosie shot back a little "Oh my..." at first she tried not to laugh, but couldn't help it. "HAHAHAHAhahaha! Lottie that's absolutely adorable!"

"Please just leave me alone..."

"We can help you darling!" Rosie said "Digby is nice guy, it can't be THAT hard to impress him!" She said giggling more.

"Yeah but....I don't know...."

Isabelle noticed that Digby finished talking to Tom.

"Look Lottie! He's free!" Isabelle said "Go! Say something!" The shock made Lottie's bladder kick again.

"Maybe I should find a bathroom first...t-then I'll talk to him"

Rosie giggled a little and said "Stop making excuses silly! Go! Just go!"

"I'm serious I REALLY gotta tinkle!"

Rosie got closer to Lottie and said. "Suuuuuuure you do! All the sudden you need a bathroom break just as you get the chance to talk to him... just get out there Lottie! You don't have anything to be afraid of!"

"N-now just isn't the time! I ne-"

Isabelle then interrupted her. "Lottie... tell you what... if you don't get up and talk him right now.... I'll call him over and we're going to help you"

Rosie looked excited "Ohhhh I like that! Well be like like wing-men.... but girls (gasp) wing-girls!"

"NO! I'll just (sigh) okay okay! I'm going!" Lottie stood up and started walking away "P-please don't look at me when I do it!"

"There you go!" said Isabelle

"Good luck! Not like you need it but.... you know!" said Rosie.

Lottie started walking away. Her thighs where tight against each other. It was clear that her bladder was nearly full! Her walk was off, her body was bent a tad bit forward, and she looked like she wanted to jam her paws straight in between her legs. Isabelle was still sort of starring at her from a distance as Lottie walked away. Then Isabelle had a look of worry on her face as she turned to Rosie and said "Ummmm, Rosie? Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

"That "Wing-ladies" would actually make more sense than w-"

"No, no not that... look at Lottie, she looks troubled.... I think.... maybe she actually had to pee..."

"Ohhhhhh, that's- that's not good...

"Oops..."

But Lottie kept walking on, like the brave soul she is. Her mind was racing like crazy. [I'm actually about to talk him! For real this time! Darn this tiny bladder! I feel like I'm holding back an ocean right now! I gotta make this quick! Ahhh I'm gonna burst!] But then the moment of truth, Digby was standing alone, pretty much doing nothing. It took her a solid 10 seconds to say it, but eventually. "H-hi Digby! Uuhhh, it's nice day isn't it!"

He seemed delighted to see her. "Ah indeed! It's perfect for a picnic like today" Lottie relaxed a little bit to see that she had his attention, but was immanently scared again as she realized she didn't know what to say next, she thought to herself [What do I say now! Ahhhh darn this bladder I can't focus!] Lottie shuffled her feet a bit. But at least she could finally get a few a more words out...

"Are you done working today?! Like completely?"

"Funny story about that! I was supposed to work more... but the mayor saw me over there and decided to take my shift for the rest of the party! He's such a nice guy!"

"That's great to hear!"

"I know! He told me to enjoy myself, and I know will haha!"

"haha..." She neversouly giggled. The extra weight in her bladder is making it very hard to think and act natural. "So... a-are you doing anything today?"

"Mmmm not much... I was going to just relax after the party, I expected me shift to be longer"

"Cool! I was uhhh going to" [find a bathroom before Isabelle stopped me, I swear if I piss myself in front of him... that little bi-] ummm take a walk around the new picnic area! I haven't seen it yet and I've been curious to see how this new place turned out!"

"(Gasp) we can do that right now! I got nothing else to do"

"That sounds great! Y-you can lead the way!"

"I'd be delighted too!" And with that they where off! Unfortunately Lottie's bladder is getting more feeble by the second, it even hurt a little to take every step. [Darn! Ah! AH! Ahhht this is bad! this is terrible! Should I excuse myself?! No that'll look weird!] He went back to talking "So right here is where we had to dig the boarder out... I helped a lot in the process, after all it's in my name!"

"haha" is all she could muster with her bursting bladder. It sounded very weak and unnatural.

"Ahhh it get it, that wasn't very funny... but anyway... there really wasn't much we had to do relative to other...." The discomfort managed to drone his voice out, she was THAT desperate! Lottie wishes she could just break out into full on potty dance right now, but unfortunately that's not an option. His voice came back to her "...but then again why de-root a tree when you can just leave it there and enjoy it's beauty. (Sigh) anyway... I think I should check back up on the mayor and see if he needs anything from me"

"Oh! W-well I don't want to be a burden!"

"No, never! Anyway I'll hopefully be right back..." and with that he started walking away. [Walk faster walk faster walk faster walk faster, just get out of here!] Luckily for her, he already walked past the trees on the boarder of the picnic area, and boy did she start dancing!

"AH!" She bent forward, crossed her legs, and grabbed her crotch with all her might. "Pee! I gotta pee RIGHT NOW!" she looked towards what little she could see of the party, and couldn't find anything that looked like a bathroom. Fear filled her body, "I'm going to pee myself aren't I... like a baby otter..."

But then in front of her she saw a bush. "Screw it!" she looked around and no one was nearby. "I know it's unladylike... but.... mmmmm!" she darted herself straight into the bush, and fumbled with her panties "Come on, get off of me!" Eventually she dropped them straight down to her ankles. and started squatting...

Psssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!

"Ahhhh! ohhh! finally!" all the pee from last night and this mourning was finally leaking.... actually.... rather shooting out of her.

Her head went up in relaxation. "Why did I do that, why did I have to hold it in so long..."

After a minute of peaceful bliss Lottie finally finished emptying herself.

She looked down, and to her utter shock. Digby had apparently returned.

"EKKK!" her squat quickly turned into a sit, as she flew back a little in the thick bush. "I'm sorry! I'm SO sorry! I just... uhh!" She was to flustered for words.

"Are- Should I leave?" Lottie started to panic as she fumbled around for her panties. Even Digby was blushing! But at some point she did manage to put her underwear back on.

"I didn't know you'd be back so I just..." Still no words. But she did get out of the bush looking completely normal.

"It's okay Lottie I won't tell anyone! I promise, I d-do the same thing s-sometimes!" he said trying to comfort her. But by the look of blush and humiliation on her face, he decided to try something different "I swear I didn't see... you know... between your legs!"

"It's not that! I just... I'm sorry you had to see that!"

"It's okay! These things just happen! I'm not disgusted at all." at this point he just wants to resolve the situation

"Really?!

"Sure! Uhhh it's just life ya know hehe..." Digby was a little shocked, but he knew it wasn't her fault.

"Thanks... you're just to nice to me, I'm sorry I'll just leave you alone..." [that's it huh? It's over...]

Digby all the sudden shouted "Wait, before you get back to the picnic... I did want to ask you something!

[What?] "W-what do you need?!"

"Well... if you want... I'm NOT trying to pressure you! B-but..." [Is he really nervous? I've never seen him like this before.] "If you're free after the party... w-would you like to come to my house for some coffee... or tea? whichever you want!" And for the first time, Lottie saw him lose his cool, just a bit.

"Really?! I'd be delighted too!"

"Great!" he said relived "I'll make sure the bathroom is working too hehe"

"Y-yeah that would be great!" They briefly shared an awkward laugh.

"But in the meantime Lottie, would you care to head back to the party and get something to eat?"

"Sure! W-why not?!"

###

That's another one done! That took a while, but I'm pretty proud of how it came out.

Sure it's linguistically messy. But all the creative ideas are defiantly there, and that's what I care most about!

Thank you for reading my story, it means a lot to me (and every other author obliviously) that somebody would take the time to read their work. So again, thank you!

If anybody has any requests, I'm always open to suggestions! Don't be shy to ask! I promise I don't judge!

But anyway... that's it for now.

Have a good day friend!

- Focused Codis

*002*2020-02-06 23:42

{{5 minutes ago, JTeam_ said:

For a roleplay converted into a story, pretty good.

}}

No no no! I must’ve typed that wrong! My bad. My LAST story was originally an RP. This one was just my imagination.

