Mary Wang's Spring King Challenge

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2022-04-15 03:01

I shouldn't have chugged those 2 sodas at lunch, Mary thought as she stepped from side to side. She was currently participating in Arcadia High's annual Spring King challenge. All participants had to keep a hand on Coach Lawrence's truck for as long as possible. The last person to remove their hand from the truck wins!

Mary didn't go to the bathroom before the challenge started, in fact, the last time she emptied her bladder was in the morning, after she woke up. She just didn't have to go. But now she was greatly regretting it, especially since her friends dared her to chug those sodas.

The pressure that was building up in her bladder for the past 2.5 hours was starting to become unbearable to her. She started to squeeze her legs together too, adding more moves to her pee dance. Mary felt the stares of onlookers as she contemplated sticking her hand up her crotch to help her hold. Mary started to feel self-conscious, and decided against it. She wanted to stop her dancing. But she was afraid that if she stopped, she'd be seconds away from wetting herself in front of the school.

I shouldn't have taken that stupid dare that Claire and Darci made me do, Mary thought.

"When do we get a pee break?" Mary asked on impulse.

"That's the point, Ms. Wang. There are none.", said Coach Lawrence.

"Doesn't anyone else have to go?" Mary asked. She thought Darci would have to pee by now too, after all, they both took the same dare. Maybe her own bladder was just tiny, or maybe Darci went to the bathroom before the challenge.

"Depends." Steve replied with a groan.

A foul odor filled the air. It was disgusting, could this situation get any worse? Then, Steve and Claire's 'not boyfriend' Jim started squabbling, but she couldn't care less about what they were saying.

"Ugh, this isn't worth it!" Mary exclaimed. She then proceeded to rush to the nearest bathroom.

Every step she took sent a painful jolt to her bladder. She really wanted to stick a hand into her crotch to help her hold as she was a few dozen metres away from the toilet. But that would've been very unladylike of her. The last few metres of her run were more like a hobble, and she got weird looks from onlookers. She approached the bathroom, opened the door, and was greeted with a line of girls also waiting to use the bathroom.

Oh come on! Mary thought. I have to pee sooo badly now. Now out of public sight, she decided that it was ok to hold her crotch with her hand now, so she grabbed her crotch, crossed her legs, and squeezed them together as hard as she could to help her sphincter hold back the dam. She could feel her bladder bulging out just slightly above the spot where she grabbed her crotch. She was still stepping from side to side as she held onto her crotch. At least the line was moving, there were now only two girls in front of her.

She couldn't be known as the girl who wet herself at school, that'd be social suicide. Just don't think about the water running from the sinks. Or that rush of water coming from the flushing toilet. UGH all these sounds are making it worse! Then, Mary felt her urethra pulsating, and then felt a leak in her underwear. She let out a small gasp, doubled over, and proceeded to grab her crotch a bit harder. Luckily, the leak stopped, and it wasn't bigger than her hand, so as long as she kept it there, she should be fine. Now, she was at the front of the line, waiting for the next stall to open up.

Then a stall opened, and Mary rushed to get inside, almost stopping the poor girl from exiting the stall. She felt herself spurt another leak, then she closed the stall door, yanked her pants and panties down, sat down on the toilet, and started to pee full force.

The relief was euphoric. Her bladder was finally able to empty it's large reservoir of pee. The jet of pee that came out of her urethra was coming out so fast, that it made a loud noise as it hit the toilet bowl. Just like the water flowing out of a full dam after it's floodgates are opened. "Ahhh," she moaned softly.

Mary examined her panties and undies. She noticed how wet her underwear was, but her pants were barely noticeably wet on the outside. It was damp on the inside and a small, but light wet patch on the outside, but nothing a little toilet paper and a bit of air drying couldn't fix. She wasn't sure what she'd do with her underwear though. If she continued wearing them, the pee would definitely get soaked by her pants too. So she separated the two and hung her underwear on the stall door's hook for now. Maybe she'd have to go commando for the rest of the day. She tried her best to dry it with toilet paper, but it was still wet. She settled on wrapping her underwear with toilet paper and stuffing it in her backpack so that she could deal with it when she got home.

She continued to bask in the relief of emptying her bladder. Wow was it taking a long time. When she finally finished, she put her pants back on, sans underwear. Then proceeded to go to her next class. Ugh, maths. We're still learning about triangles or something today.

THE END

###

@@A/N: Hello, most of my regular readers know me as the person who writes "The Owl House" omorashi stories. This story is based off of another cartoon "Trollhunters: Tales of Arcadia" (available on Netflix). I am aware that there are sequel series, but I only watched the first one so far, so no spoilers please. This is another good serialized fantasy cartoon involving magic, so if you're into that, check it out! (No where near as good as TOH, but that's a high bar). In the first series, there is this one scene in episode P1E19: "Airheads" where one of the minor recurring characters, Mary Wang, placed herself in a situation where she denied herself of the bathroom a bit too long. Ofc, it's no where near as detailed as how I wrote this story as it's just played as a joke in a children's cartoon, but that scene did inspire me to make this story. So just thought I'd cite my source of inspiration for those that were interested in where this came from. And with this story, I have run out of ideas for future stories, so don't expect any more stories from me for a long time. I hope you all have a great Easter long weekend! I don't celebrate Easter, but I sure love having a 4-day long weekend and will happily take it to relax.

