Strong Anna Part 2 - 4

Author: Guest Dunkel

*000*2016-03-13 17:12

I am not a native speaker, but i still hope the story is worth reading. I don't know if part I made it into that forum, so these are part 2-4. If part 1 appeared somewhere in the forum , a friendly and helpful admin may put these threads together? - Thanks!

Part 2

A few month after that small accident at the gym and a few weeks after her last exams, Laura was looking forward to meet with her friends. This evening she wanted to meet her good friends Miriam and Johnny, to watch a film in the city's cinema. Miriam and Anna were a bit nerdy when it comes to films and movies. They both were big Tolkien fans and so they wanted to see the film The Hobbit. Its been a while and “The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey” premiered just a few days before. So the girls were really exited. And Johnny...? Well Johnny never cared about anything too much.

Not even about the fact, that his name wasn't Johnny after all, but he didn't liked the name Ephraim and so he called himself Johnny. He was a guy with a real rebel attitude. He was a bit small but sturdy guy. He had radically short hair and a really rakish stile. He had that kind of dark jewish humor and a really big mouth. Anna knew him since they both were small, even since then he was always up for some trouble. When Anna had asked him, he just nodded and said “' Got nothing else to do..! I will come with you”

Before they wanted to meet each other at Miriam' s home, Anna was working out at the gym. She arrived a bit too late and all sweaty in her sport outfit. When Miriam opened the door she wrinkled her nose and moaned, “Uhh Anna! Are your serious? You will not go to the cinema in your sweaty sport pants, will you?!”

“Shut up Miriam! I will hit your shower and got some spare clothes with me. Is Johnny here already?”, Anna replied angrily.

“Johnny? On Time? - Like he would care.” Miriam rolled her eyes.

So Anna head for the shower and took off her sweaty stuff. Anna enjoyed along warm shower. When she finished the shower, she dried herself off, did some quick make up and grabbed a fresh, black sports bra and pulled on a pair of tight pink boy-shorts, that perfectly fit her nice ass. Just wearing her underwear and a drying her hair with a towel,when she went back into the living room.

“Miriam? When do you want to leave?” , she called for her friend.

“ Hey, never expected you to wear pink panties! It fits you well, Anna!”, said a rough manly voice.

“WHAT THE!?”, Anna shrieked in shock and tried to cover her body with the towel, “JOHNNY! LOOK AWAY- YOU JERK!”

But Johnny, who was sitting on the couch, just smiled and said; “Why should I? The view is quiet delightful!”

“Look Away or I will beat you up, Johnny!”, Anna growled and picked up her tight jeans. She quickly pulled up the light blue, skintight jeans. She really had too pull strongly and jumped up and down, hardly getting the tight jeans over her butt. Johnny was just sitting on the couch and watched her it with a kinky smile. “ Nice Ass, Anna! Never noticed that!”

“ And I never noticed, that you're such a dick!”, Anna replied and tried to stay angry. But she felt some kind of flattered. She always liked Johnny and it wasn't a bad feeling to earn some aroused views. And for some reason, she was a bit turned on by that stupid guy. So she quickly started to giggle and posed a bit for him, shaking her ass and giving herself a light slap on the cheek. She slowly slipped into a black t-shirt, squeezed her little tits and giggled. Her skinny jeans were so tight, that even a sexy pantyline was showing.

“By the way... where is Miriam?” Anna asked; “Is she gone already?”

“Näh! She's in her room.. Doing make up and something like that..” Johnny smiled, “Guess it will take a while, you know her.”

And it really took ages... When Miriam was finally ready, they were already running late. So they jumped into the car and Johnny rushed to the cinema.

“Hurry up! We need the tickets! They will sell our preordered ones, when we're too late.” Miriam hurried.

“You were the one taking soo long!”, Anna grumbled ; “And I need a toilet first”

“We got no time for that, or do you wanna miss the film, cause of your tiny bladder?” Miriam answered in an annoyed mood and Anna didn't want to start a fight. So they quickly bought her tickets, some soft drinks and snacks and went into the hall. It was really full and they had luck to find a the last three seats in the middle. Anna and Miriam were really exited, they really where huge fans. During the first one and a half hour, Anna nearly forgot her urge to pee.

But when the last half hour went on, she really had to go. She crossed her legs and pressed her knees together. After a few minutes the urge was getting stronger and her nice butt was rocking back and forth in the seat. After another few minutes she couldn't even sit still anymore.

“Oi, Anna..” Johnny bent over to her and whispered in a concerned voice; “Is everything okay?”

“No... I... I really have to pee”, she answered silently and her face turned slightly red; “ I mean... I' am really bursting..”

“Are you kidding? So go to the toilet, Silly.” Johnny shook his head in disbelief.

“No Way! I don't wanna miss the final scene. I mean... It's the Hobbit, right? I will go after the film.. I can hold it that long”, Anna replied.

Johnny just smiled and watched her, while she was rocking back and forth in her seat and obviously hold her hand on her crotch.

When the film was finally over, Anna hurried to the girls toilet. She expected a line, but just found a large red sign “OUT OF ORDER”

“Whats wrong, Anna? Need a pee?”, giggled Miriam gleeful; “Strong Anna with a weak bladder?”

“Shut up, Miriam... I'm nearly bursting right now!” Anna replied in desperation, “Can we hurry, Please!?”

“Hrm? Oh Sorry.. I am going to meet Michael outside.. But may Johnny can bring you home?”, Said Miriam and left them, to meet her stupid boyfriend. “what a bitch...”, thought Anna.

“Sure.. let's hurry, Anna..” Johnny looked at her pitying, “ Can you make it?”

“I.. hope so!” Anna didn't seem too confident about it, but they hurried towards the car. But after they left the cinema, crossed the main road and entered a side street, every step became a torture for Anna. Out of a sudden, she felt a few hot drops of urine trickled into her panties. She just stopped and her eyes opened in shock, when she felt the growing warm wetness inside her panties.

“Urgs Sh..it!”, she gasped, her face turned red and tears filled her eyes; “Johnny..! Wait ..!”

Johnny turned around and watched her with a mixture of concern and arousal, “Anna? Everything all right? “

“No its not! I... I... “ her voice was shaking; “I.. can't hold it any longer!”

He looked down at her crotch. Anna couldn't hold it back any more and a huge spurt escaped into her panties, soaking them and forming an embarrassing wet patch on her light blue tight jeans. “Ohh...Noo!”, she cried out, when her bladder finally gave up. Within seconds, the dark wet patch was growing on her crotch and expanding towards her legs and up to her nice ass. For a few seconds, a real river was running down her slim legs and forming a puddle between her sneakers.

“Well... that... was.. really hot.” Johnny seemed a bit confused, while he watched her in disbelief.

“Hot..? I.. I just wet myself!” Anna replied and started to cry. But then Johnny grabbed her by her hips and pulled her towards him, giving her an hot kiss right on her tasty lips.

She has known him for years! In the hole time, they were just best friends.. and without a warning, he just kissed her. He kissed her and it felt soo good and simply right.

She felt is rough hands on her wet ass, squeezing her tightly. She laid her arms around his neck and closed her eyes. For a few seconds, she felt only his strong hands on her but and his lips on her own lips. But then he released her from his hold.

“ I should bring you home... or you`ll catch a cold.” he said with a lovely smile.

“y..Yeah .. Your right, I guess..” Anna nodded.

At the car, Johnny laid a plastic bag over Anna's seat and brought her home safely. Anna turned towards him, bent over and kissed him again and said, “You know... You can come upstairs into my room, if you like.. And stay overnight. “

Part 3

A few weeks later Johnny became her first real boyfriend. A he was quiet good one, much better than anyone would have expected. Caring, gently and protecting. He always made her laugh, when she was upset and never failed to make her feel good. So even after a few weeks she nearly moved into his flat. Most days of the week, she spend with him. She generously ignored the chaos, the football banners and even developed some sympathies with his old school punk music.

Johnny was sitting on his bed, a laptop on his belly, hammering something into the keyboard, when she arrived after a hard workout at the gym. She wore some green workout tights and an old, worn gray hoodie on her chest. Her hair and her body where all sweaty when she arrived. Johnny looked up and smiled,“Hey Honey! Why do you never shower at the gym?”

“Tzz! I do... Sometimes! But I jogged the whole way back..!”, she replied pertly, “And guys like you shouldn't talk about smell, you know?”Then she smiled and walked towards the bed, bending over it and giving him kiss. “What you're doing there anyhow? Beating up your Laptop?”

“No, I am writing an essay for the universities qualification...”, he replied and tried to concentrate on his work, “I really need to get this done..”

“Ohh soo you won't need no distraction, right?” she smiled naughty and took of her hoodie; “'cause you had to do something, right..?” She bent over again and squeezed her nice small tits in her tight black sports bra, moaning a bit.

He looked up and bit his lip, watching her move her body, glittering with sweat.

“I really need to get this done, Honey...” he grumbled, but couldn't get his eyes of her.

She smiled wickedly and said “Ohh I dropped something!” Then she bend over and stick out her nice little butt, the visible pantyline reveled that she was wearing some cheeksters underneath her tight green sportpants. Then she went back to the bed, bend over it and said, “Do you want something of these..?”, while she gave her left cheek a slight slap.

“Uhh..Yes.. I really want to..” said Johnny now totally distracted.

“ Too bad you won't get it!” Anna said and jumped back from the bed, “Got Ya!”

While Johnny grumbled and shook his head in disbelief, she just went out of the room, but not without moving her hips as sexy she could. After that she head for the bathroom. She drank a lot during her workout and really needed to go, besides a shower was necessary. When she took the doorknob to enter the bathroom, she felt a strong hand grabbing her hips and pushing her towards the wall.” I thought you got something to do?”, she said with an wicked smile,” And I told you, that you wont get nothing”

“I Know... And that's really bad! You're such a villain. Using your powers for the evil..”, he replied with an evil grin.

“So what?”, she smiled superior.

But than he pushed his thumbs into her hips, in a circular motion he moved them downwards, slightly rubbing her bladder.

“Uhh Don't!”, she gasped in a mixture of desperation and pleasure:” I.. really need to go...”

“ I know.. but villains like you, need to be punished, right?” he smiled and just went on rubbing his thumbs against her bladder. She tried to push him off, but the felt so powerless. That pleasure was overwhelming. She didn't wanted to piss herself and tried to prevent it, but then the first spurt of warm urine went into her panties. She bit her lip and moaned loudly. Then another, bigger spurt soaked her panties completely and formed a small dark patch on her crotch.

“looks like the evil villain couldn't hold herself anymore, hmm?”he said amused.

Then a full stream was running down her tights, soaking them completely. The piss was dripping on her running shoes, the floor and his bare feed. He grabbed her by her hips, lift her up and carried her into the bathroom. With a heavy breathing he watched her last spurts running down her soaked green sport tights. He grabbed her shoulder and bend her over the edge of the bathtub.

After pulling down her wet tights and soaked black cheekers, he pushed himself inside her.

She moaned in full pleasure, when he done her from behind. It was a quick but intense one. They both came contemporaneous. When he was done, he took a towel to clean himself up, while Anna dropped to the floor totally exhausted. He just smiled, went to one knee and gave her a quick kiss before he left her on the floor. She never felt that kind of exhaustion after her workouts... And she really needed a shower right now...

Part 4

Johnny looked into the mirror and shook his head in disbelief. “This is a joke, right?” he lifted his eyebrow and looked suspiciously towards Anna; “You're not serious, are you?”

He looked back into the mirror. He was wearing a white linen cloth shirt and a old fashioned dark red vest, some matching Knickerbocker-like pants. His shoes looked like giant feed with some brown fur on top of it.

“So... I am a Hobbit?” he was shocked by his own look, “You made me go to a fucking nerdy comic convention... Dressed like a hobbit?”

“You agreed to come with me!” she explained with an large grin on her face, “ And I told you, that we would dress up.. So take this wig. There are no bald Hobbits in the shire.”

“there are no tattooed ones ether, are they?” He lifted his right arm, where a big tattoo was showing, the emblem of the football club Ajax Amsterdam; “So I will be the first skinhead-Hobbit in fucking Mordor.”

“They live in the Shire...! No Hobbit would live in Mordor.. that's where Sauron is..!” She explained to him, like it was a totally normal and serious matter of fact.

“Well.. But why do I have to look like an 19th century Irish drunkard with hairy feed and your costume is like.. A sexy archer?” Johnny complained heavily.

“ I`m a Ranger of Gondor! Not an archer..” she corrected him.

Anyhow it was a real sexy outfit. She wore a light brown leather chest armor, a long green cloak with a hood, some nice brown high boots and a really hot, skinny brown leather pants. On her back, she had a quiver and a bow, a dagger on her belt. Untypically Anna's blonde long hair was falling openly on her shoulder. It was a big difference between her normal sporty stile of clothing. But with a fine and well trained body like hers, she looked good just gorgeous.

“Why do you have a weapon and I only got... Shitty fur on my feed? May I have a Baseball bat?” he liked the look of her costume, but really hated the idea to go to a Nerd convention. He was a football fan, interested in football, punk music, beer and stuff like that. Being a Hobbit, wasn't his biggest dream after all.

“Of course not! Hobbits don't do that..” she rolled her eyes and bent over to tie up her boots.

Johnny shove away her cloak, to give her a little smack on her ass. The clapping sound was just hilarious. “IEKS!” Anna shrieked, “Hobbits don't do that neither!”

Johnny laughed at her protest and turned around into his room, a few moments later he came back with a Shillelagh in his hands. “What the...?” Anna lifted her eye-brow.

“When I have to walk around like a Irish drunkard, I will be armed like one.” he explained and laid his hand on her butt cheek again, squeezing her tightly. “ Damn.. that's such a fine ass, my sweet Archer-Girl”

“I am a Ranger.... of.. Gon...!”, she wanted to protest, but he just passed her and head out of the flat.

It was a nearly 3 Hour ride till they arrived at the Convention. An old sports hall, full of nerdy people and things. It was like some kind of limbo for Johnny. Long skinny guys dressed up like Elfs with plastic elfish ears, nearly half of the other guys where dressed like Frodo or Gandalf. And a few beer benches and old tables, that supposed to be “the prancing Pony”. Johnny had no idea what this was all about. For him this film wasn't even a good one and he never read the book anyhow. He loved those old Scorsese films, like Mean Streets, Taxi Driver and Raging Bull. He really felt a bit out of place. But there were too things that kept him there. At first there was, his smoking hot girlfriend in her sexy archer costume... Or Gardian.. or Ranger or what ever.

He couldn't even kept his eyes away from that sexy ass or her nice little tits for more than three minutes. For that girl, he would go through this hell. The second thing was his discovery, that it was possible to smoke weed with his nerdy Hobbit-Pipe. After two Pipes and nearly endless seeming five hours in that smelly sports hall, Johnny nearly beat up a plus sized Legolas for reproving him, that a pot smoking bald Hobbit was just implausible. Anna really enjoyed herself. She brought herself some stuff, participate at a tombola, listened to the live music and drank at least three bottles of some “Hobbit Brew”. It was just some Heineken Beer with a cheap label stick on the bottle, but still tasty. To be honest, it was just a small event and didn't seemed to be very professional, but still she enjoyed herself.

But after five hours and three bottles, Anna was getting tired. So they left the convention and drove home.

“Are youuu... Shure you can stilll drive, Johnny?” asked Anna tipsy; “ Aand you're a reaallly cute Hobbit! You Know?!”

“I am pretty sure, that I can drive...” Johnny answered; “But I don't think we should ask the police about it.”

Johnny wasn't numb anyhow. It's been a while since he smoked his last pipe and the high was gone for hours.

While they drove home, Anna felt a sleep three times. Johnny was a bit irritated, how could a girl like Anna, be tough and sporty on the one hand, but geeky and nerdy on the other. And the most irritating observation was, that Anna could nearly lift her own weight but three beers knocked her out cold. After two and a half hours ride, Anna woke up again and started to slip from one side of her seat to the other side, biting her lip. She was rubbing her knees together, so her leather pants were squeaking a bit.

“ Don't tell me that my little elite archer need to pee..?” Johnny looked at her slim legs rubbing against each other and grinned a bit; “Shall I head for the next restroom?”

“Näääh! I don't wanna go pee on a highway potty! Were home soon, right?” Anna mumbled; “.. And I am a Ranger...! You hear...? A Ranger.. And Rangers don't pee themselves, you silly Hobbit!”

During the last minutes of the ride, Anna turned visibly desperate. She pushed her hand between her legs and couldn't even sit still anymore. Johnny knew, that she was absolutely bursting right know.

When they finally arrived at home, Anna jumped out of the car, leaving her cloak, quiver and bow at the car. She rushed to the door and jumped from one food to another. Johnny watched her hopping up and down, next to the door. He couldn't look away from her tits jumping up and down under her light leather chest. He just stood there and watched her for a few seconds.

“Johnny! Please hurry! I am about to leak!” she plead; “Open up the door quickly!”

She felt a painful urge and bend over. While she bend over, Johnny could guess a slight pantyline through her pants and couldn't help to watch her Pee Pee dance. While she tried her best to keep her pants dry, the Hobbit Brew wanted to get out of her. She pressed her both hands on the crotch of her leather pants and hopped up and down again. But she couldn't help it. A small spurt escaped and she could feel the hot pee dampening her panties. She bit her lips and tried so hard to stop the flow, but there was no chance. Another larger spurt followed the first one and then the hole dam broke. She felt the pee filling up her pants. The wetness quickly spread over her ass and up to her waist.

“Uaarghs...!” she huffed. “ Shit! I..I am peeing myself!”

While Johnny, the horny Hobbit, couldn't help to watch her doing so.

A small trickle went down her pants seam and tripled to the ground. But the warm wet pee was running down her slim and sexy legs inside of her pants and quickly filled her boots. After a few moments the wetness pressed itself through the thin leather and formed a dark patch on her ass and crotch. There she was, standing next to the door and totally wetting her Rangers armor.

She felt his hand on her hip, moving down towards her wet and warm ass. She felt his fingers rubbing over the leather, grabbing her firm cheeks underneath. His hand moved up to her waist again and slipped into her pants. Her panties were totally soaked. She turned towards Johnny and whispered dejectedly and still a bit tipsy: “ I... brought up shame to the Rangers of Gondor..”

“Well...” Johnny shook his head, “ I guess it happened to a lot of them during that one battle, when the orcs beat them up?” He tried to lift her up with a warm smile.

“You mean the battle for Osgiliath?” she also smiled, while he opened the door.

“ Yeah.. Sure.. May a caring Hobbit gave that poor Ranger some shelter after her.. embressing Accident?” He smiled suggestively and gave her a loving kiss.

“And... how did the ashamed ranger awarded her fur-footed Hero?” She answered aroused.

“ Maybe... Some hot Human-Hobbit Sex?” He grinned naughty

“ Well.... but you have to leave these furry feed on!” she laughed loudly.

