Emily's concert desperation

Author: gaz477

*000*2024-07-21 12:27

Emily had been excited about the concert for weeks. She had scored tickets to see her favorite band with her best friends, and they had arrived at the venue early to get a good spot. As the crowd swelled and the music pulsed through the air, Emily felt a familiar discomfort: she needed to pee. Badly.

Scanning the area, she realized that finding a restroom in the densely packed crowd would be a challenge. She turned to her friend, Rachel, who nodded in understanding. They decided to make their way to the perimeter of the crowd, hoping to find a portable restroom or a public facility nearby.

As they pushed through the sea of people, the need grew more urgent. Emily's anxiety mounted with each step. They finally reached the edge of the crowd, but to their dismay, there was a long line for the few portable restrooms available. Emily knew she couldn't wait that long.

"Let's go to the car," Rachel suggested. "We can drive to a nearby rest stop."

Emily nodded, clutching her stomach and hurrying with Rachel to the parking lot. They reached Emily's car, and she fumbled with the keys, finally unlocking the door and sliding into the driver's seat. She started the engine and quickly navigated out of the crowded parking area.

However, as they merged onto the highway, they hit a wall of traffic. Emily groaned, her legs bouncing up and down as she tried to distract herself from her growing discomfort. The cars were barely moving, and the minutes felt like hours.

"Why is there so much traffic?" she exclaimed, gripping the steering wheel tightly.

Rachel checked her phone. "There’s an accident up ahead. It’s causing a major backup."

Emily's heart sank. She squirmed in her seat, every bump in the road sending waves of urgency through her body. The traffic crawled forward, and Emily fought to keep her focus on driving and not on her desperate need to relieve herself.

After what felt like an eternity, they finally cleared the traffic jam and sped towards the nearest rest stop. Emily could see the sign in the distance and felt a flicker of hope. She pulled into the rest stop, parked the car hastily, and bolted towards the restroom building.

To her horror, a large "Out of Order" sign was taped across the door of the women's restroom. Emily's eyes widened in disbelief. She spun around, looking for any other options. The men's restroom had an equally discouraging sign.

Rachel caught up to her, breathing heavily. "What now?" she asked, seeing the situation.

Emily looked around frantically. The rest stop was surrounded by trees and had a picnic area to one side. With no other choice, she ran towards the trees, ducking behind a large oak for some semblance of privacy. She sighed in relief as she finally let go, the tension leaving her body.

Just as she was beginning to feel a bit of relief, she heard the crunch of gravel behind her. Emily's heart raced as she turned to see a car pulling into the very spot where she had sought refuge. The headlights illuminated her, and she quickly yanked her pants up, her face flushing with embarrassment.

"Hey! Sorry!" she called out awkwardly, waving her hand to the bewildered driver. She darted back towards Rachel, who had been keeping a lookout.

"That was close," Rachel said, wide-eyed. "What now?"

Emily groaned, the urgency returning with a vengeance. "We need to find another place, fast."

They hurried back to the car, and Emily sped out of the rest stop, scanning the dark road for any signs of another facility. A few miles down the highway, they spotted an exit sign indicating a small town up ahead. Emily's hope rekindled as she followed the signs towards the town center.

They found a small, 24-hour gas station. Emily parked hastily and dashed inside, Rachel close behind. To their relief, the restroom was at the back of the store. Emily reached the door and turned the handle, but it was locked. A small sign indicated it was occupied.

"Come on, come on," Emily muttered, dancing from foot to foot. The pressure was unbearable now, and she felt a small, involuntary leak dampen her underwear.

Minutes felt like hours as she waited. She knocked on the door, but there was no response from inside. Emily glanced at Rachel, who gave her an encouraging nod, and they both listened intently for any sign of movement. She knocked urgently, but there was no immediate response.

Emily leaned against the wall, crossing her legs tightly and bouncing on her heels, the desperation reaching a critical point. Each passing second felt like an eternity, and she could feel a small leak escaping into her underwear. Panic set in as she knocked again, more urgently this time.

Finally, the door creaked open, and an elderly woman emerged, moving slowly with a walker. Emily rushed past her, barely acknowledging the apology. She closed the door behind her and fumbled with her pants, barely able to hold back the flood. The moment she sat down, the relief was immediate and overwhelming. A shudder ran through her body as the pent-up pressure was finally released. She closed her eyes, feeling the tension melt away.

For a few minutes, she just sat there, letting the relief wash over her, her breathing gradually slowing. The anxiety and discomfort of the past hour faded into a distant memory.

When she emerged from the restroom, she saw Rachel who was waiting patiently outside of the toilet with her pants wet. Rachel couldn't stand hearing Emily desperate relief hitting the toilet bowl with hissing sound. Rachel pulled her wet pants and panties down and used the toilet to let go of the rest of her bladder and then they climbed back into the car and drove back to the concert, missing only a small part of the show.

