A Warrior Never Gives In (A Guardians of The Galaxy Fanfic)

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2017-05-03 04:27

So since Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2. is out now in other countries besides the US (I've seen it already and it is an enjoyable film) I felt there should be a Guardians story out there. I'm surprised not many people take advantage of the MCU but whatever. As I've said before about when I talked about my Agent Carter story and other stories I personally don't think I'm good at this but if you enjoy then feel free to do so about this story of Gamora being desperate.

The Guardians of The Galaxy had been regarded as legends following of their defeat against Ronan the Accuser and saving the galaxy. Now everyone wanted to higher them for jobs thus increasing their wealth even if Rocket couldn't help but bargain for more money much to Star Lord and Gamora's annoyance. The team was currently on their way to take down an group of thugs who were terrorising a village of people. A lone woman though managed to call for the Guardians and hire them in an attempt to have them save their village from their oppressors. Star Lord was more than happy to take the mission not just because of the money which is why Rocket agreed but it reminded Star Lord of one of his childhood movies the Magnificent Seven. He was just finishing telling the tale of the film to the crew.

"And so Chris, Vin and Chico ride off into the sunset only for Chico to realise his true place is Petra as they observe the graves of their fallen comrades. The end." Star Lord surmised

"I am Groot." Baby Groot says.

"Yeah it's all sad boo hoo" Rocket said as he went to the ship's controls "I'm gonna see if we are there yet."

"The tale feels a bit too easy." Drax says unsure

"What do you mean?" Star Lord asked confused

"Well they seem to be gunned down quite quickly and defeat the Wallet character with ease as they all leave. I would think those men would stand and fight to avenge their leader." Drax said giving his opinion.

"Okay first off it's Wallach. Eli Wallach his name was Calvera in the movie" Star Lord began "And second I was raised by thieves when push comes to shove and you are cornered surrender and running away is probably your first instinct when you can do nothing else. What about you Gamora?"

Gamora didn't respond. She took in the story and while she admired the strength of the men involved she began to lose focus on it after awhile as she thought about the impending battles ahead. Somehow she felt that now that they were more well known it would only be a matter of time before a greater threat attacked them. One that attacked on a personal level and may even be as strong as her adoptive father Thanos who she still feared was out there somewhere waiting to make his move against her not to mention her Nebula was unaccounted for. She finally gave Peter a response as she noticed him looking at her both wanting his answer and in a love kind of way. He didn't exactly hide his feelings well. "I thought the men were brave and I feel sorry for the town even if it is a fictional story."

Star Lord smiled "While I'm glad you do appreciate one of my film stories. Now I'll tell you about how a boy went back in time too..."

"Hey quit your yapping some of us are trying to focus here." Rocket yelled

"Well I don't interrupt you and your stories" Star Lord yelled back annoyed

"Oh really what about the time I told the story about how you tripped and fell down some stairs and got captured by those girl bandits who you tried to sleep with and they kicked your ass so hard you couldn't feel it for a week everytime you laid or sat down everywhere. Drax took away the cushions in the seats and everything." Rocket countered

"Yes that was quite the hilarious tale." Drax laughed

"No it wasn't" Star Lord replied as he turned to Gamora "Tell them to stop."

"Leave him alone." Gamora said reprimanding them.

"Thank you" Star Lord said

"Besides you left out the part where he had to return naked" Gamora added as Star Lord groaned

"Which I caught you smiling at." Star Lord replied with a wink

Gamora glared at him before suddenly she felt a pang down below. She felt the need to use the bathroom. She had drank a bit earlier mostly to stay hydrated for the upcoming fight. Since they weren't there at the planet yet she felt she could take care of her need right now. Getting up from her seat she began to walk away as Peter called out to him "Hey where you going?"

Gamora turned to him "Well all need time to ourselves Peter. I trust you understand that."

"Loud and clear" Star Lord responded.

Gamora feeling grateful for his maturity left the cockpit as she began to head towards the bathroom. Before she left though she heard Drax's words from inside the room "If she wished to masturbate why not just tell us?"

"Dude!" Star Lord groaned

"That's not what I'm doing!" Gamora yelled frustrated as she headed down the hall towards the bathroom. While she cared for everyone here sometimes she felt they would be the death of her.

Finally she made it to the bathroom as she began to cross her legs a bit which annoyed her. Because of her biology she was allowed to handle and hold in her urine more than any other human or species. The fact it was getting to a point she was crossing her legs worried her and annoyed her do to the childishness of it. She wasn't some little girl she could do this no problem. Opening the door she walked in and closed the door as she moved over to the toilet. She turned and was about to sit down and unbuckle her pants and panties and sit down when she saw Baby Groot standing there having somehow followed her in "Groot!"

Groot just stood there confused and wondering what she was doing and why he couldn't watch.

"Groot please leave." Gamora said gently "I need too.... take care of something. And I'm afraid you can't watch me do it. Or help me."

Groot didn't say anything as he tried fiddling with the toilet paper.

"Hey no I need that!" Gamora said as she fixed herself and ran over to him and stopped him from fiddling with the toilet roll as she heard Rocket over the intercom "Hey Gamora we're approaching our stop. Whatever you're doing hurry it along already and if Groot's with you bring him along."

Gamora groaned as she began to cross her legs. She would have to wait. But she could hold it. A warrior would not give in like this. She pointed a finger at Groot talking to him like a stern mother would "We'll discuss this later."

Taking him in her hand she left the bathroom as she walked down the hallway into the cockpit "So we're here then?"

"Yeah looks like it" Star Lord said as the ship landed.

Everyone walked out one by one Groot returning to Rocket. Soon only Gamora and Star Lord were left as Gamora had to stop a bit making sure she wasn't leaking or anything. She knew she wouldn't but needed to be sure. Suddenly Star Lord walked over to her "Hey are you alright?"

"I'm fine Peter." Gamora replied

"And about what Drax said back there I totally knew you weren't doing that it's all him." Star Lord replied

"I appreciate it." Gamora replied as she bit her lip

"But I'm sorry if I may or may not have heard some dreams of yours at night that might have involved you gain some kind of pleasure maybe they were you finding a cookie jar or you were getting laid...." Star Lord trailed off.

"Just move along." Gamora said annoyed.

Star Lord walked off the ship as Gamora gave one more glance back. She could run now but she knew she couldn't. She would hold it. No matter what.

Making their way to the villagers the woman who hired them began to thank them "We thank you so much for hearing of our call."

"Well it's our honour ma'am." Star Lord replied "So what's your battle plan?"

"Battle plan?" The woman asked confused

"We feel that we may not be enough to take down the estimated group you said were invading your town." Gamora said "We propose that we shall train you in combat."

"But they return the following morning." The woman added "We may not have time."

"Look just grab your sticks and whatever the hell you have and get moving lady because life isn't going to wait for you in your fight against assholes. You gotta take the fight to them." Rocket said as he made his hand into a fist that pounded into another one.

"I am Groot." Groot said

"And yeah you can take something that is theirs if it's worth stealing. Not like they'll needed" Rocket translated

"We have some guns and spears in our sheds if they will do?" The woman asked

"They will. Let's get to work then a-holes." Star Lord announced as he went with the villagers to the sheds with Rocket and Groot going with.

Gamora smiled feeling grateful that they were going to be able to help. She suddenly felt another pang down below as she prepared to follow the others slightly hopping hand hoping nobody was noticing.

"Gamora I can't help but notice you are in the middle of a hopping motion. Either you are attempting to play the role of this rabbit creature Quill mentions sometimes or you may be distressed. Which is it?" Drax asked

"I'm fine Drax." Gamora responded as she tried not to show her need "I'm just doing a little prep movement for combat."

"Ah I see." Drax said understanding before blurting out "You need to evacuate your bladder and are too embarrassed to admit it."

Gamora widened her eyes as she then held her sword to his throat "Tell anyone and you will won't able to do so yourself."

Drax nodded his head in understanding as he walked away "You know you shouldn't be embarrased. Evacuating one's bladder is a part of life. You will have too eventually."

"I can hold it." Gamora replied "My metabolism allows me to maintain my urine can hold for longer than most. I can manage."

"Well as long as we're being honest. I evacuated my own bladder the minute you put that sword to my neck." Drax announced with no shame as he walked away from her.

Grimacing in disgust Gamora closed her eyes as she crossed her legs some more. "You are the Most Deadly Woman in the Galaxy. You can manage this."

The next day arrived as the villagers prepared themselves for battle. Gamora had helped train some villagers in gun play and with spears preventing her from taking care of her bladder. She was now holding more than she could but she still knew she had to hold on. Feeling there was still some time left she felt she could maybe take care of her need before battle as she went to the woman who hired them.

"Miss Gamora once again we cannot thank you enough for your help. The Guardians have inspired us. Were it not for you all we wouldn't have decided to make this final stand." The woman said gratefully

Gamora smiled forgetting her need "Your gratitude is welcomed but unnecessary. Action and helping others is our reward."

"No money is the reward. End of." Rocket said walking by as he was holding some kind of energy cannon device that he was prepping for the fight.

"But perhaps you could do me a small favour and answer me a question" Gamora said trying not to have her need come through

"Anything" the woman responded

"Is there a place where I can..." Gamora trailed off as she went over to the woman and pulled her into a huddle making sure nobody heard her "Urinate."

"Oh" the woman responded as she pointed out into the streets "Our outhouse is a couple of miles into the city. You can't miss it."

Gamora groaned that the bathroom was very far away. Still she would have to press on "Thank you."

Gamora walked through the streets trying not to make her need known as she fought the urge to grab her crotch area. As she continued through the streets she suddenly heard something flying through the sky as a group of ships had arrived.

Stepping out the alien oppressors observed the village not feeling impressed nor did they care "It seems you have been unable to provide us with what we wanted. You were supposed to leave and the town would be ours so we could tear it down and build a fortress here anew. A pity."

"Yeah well there's one thing you forgot to count on scrotum monkey. Us." Star Lord responded as he fired at the leader from a roof top.

Drax moved into battle as he unleashed his knives and cut one of the goons down as the town's people fired upon the attackers from balcony's up above as the ground troops moved in with their spears as Gamora joined them again putting off her need. Rocket jumped down from the balcony with Groot as they shot some goons down.

The leader needless to say was angered "Kill them all! Show these so called Guardians of the Galaxy no mercy!"

The fight broke out and continued for a long time. During the fight Gamora managed to maintain her composure as she cut down wave after wave of enemies but found herself stopping a few times as she struggled to hold on. She wouldn't allow herself to feel embarrassed by this and let it herself show such weakness.

"I can hold it just a little longer." Gamora said to herself as she found herself being knocked over by a goon. Her distracting bladder was what prevented her from seeing an attack like that coming from a mile away.

"Gamora. The Daughter of Thanos. Today is my lucky day as I shall finally kill the most deadly woman in the galaxy." the goon said smugly.

"If you are aware of my title then I suggest you walking away now. And your head may still be intact." Gamora threatened with a tone of frustration in her voice both from this foe annoying her and her nagging bladder screaming for it's relief.

The goon attacked Gamora as she avoided the attacks and made some swings and kicks as the goon eventually managed to get the drop on her as he gave her two kicks to the stomach and knocked her to the ground. Gamora slowly rose up from the ground as she heard a hissing noise. Widening her eyes she realised she was leaking a bit. Quickly she clenched her bladder muscles and held in her pee preventing any of it from falling out further.

The goon laughed as he noticed the small patch of urine "The deadliest woman in the galaxy. And yet like a little girl you pi...." the goon didn't finish his insult as he found his head flown clean off by Gamora cutting it off.

Clenching her muscles Gamora relaxed. She didn't fully wet herself. There was still time to empty her bladder somewhere and save herself from any further embarrassment. Looking around and seeing no goons, civillians or signs of her teammates she considered dropping her pants and letting go in the street much to her own displeasure. Often when staying in the wilderness as a child on missions with Nebula and later as she grew older she would squat in the wilderness to pee but she never liked doing it and it was only a resort when she had no bathroom to use. Sighing in defeat she was about to unbuckle her pants and panties and pull them down when she saw the remaining ships of the goons fleeing into the air.

A short time later The towns people were celebrating as Gamora smiled still putting off her need. Her teammates minus Star Lord who was being thanked by the woman who hired them and being paid. He then went off to get the ship.

Drax, Rocket, Groot and Gamora waited for Star Lord. Gamora crossed her legs a bit not caring who noticed as Rocket looked over confused "What's the matter with you? Drax put ants in your boots again."

"No he... Wait he does what?" Gamora asked angered

Drax didn't respond as he blurted out "She has had to urinate since we arrived here yesterday."

"And you held in your piss that long? Why didn't you go when we left?" Rocket asked bewildered

"Tell him." Gamora said to Groot.

"I am Groot." Groot said

"You tried to what?" Rocket asked "Oh dude I told you to stop looking at people on the crapper. Only do it to Quill. He's fine with it. So long as he doesn't notice you."

Soon the ship arrived as Star Lord opened up the ship "Okay guys we're ready..."

Gamora ran past Star Lord without a care as he looked at her confused "Boy she runs fast like a Jaguar."

Gamora ran down the hallway too the bathroom as she shut the door and ran to the toilet which looked like it was practically inviting her to sit on it.

Unbuckling her pants finally she yanked them and her panties down and sat down on the toilet and allowed herself to moan and sigh in relief as she allowed the floogates to finally open. She smiled happily in relief as the stream finally slowed to a trickle. Finishing up she wiped herself as she pulled her pants and pantied back up and flushed the toilet.

Slowly she walked out as she saw nobody was there. Grateful she headed off down another hallway as she prepared to change out of her slightly damp clothes and wash them as Star Lord suddenly appeared from behind a corner.

Startled Gamora felt embarrassed as she suspected he knew about her much needed trip to the bathroom. "I'm sorry for being so demanding. I am a warrior and I couldn't maintain my dignity."

"Hey we all pee and poop. Just be grateful you didn't hold that one in for a day." Star Lord said as Gamora glared at him "Look sometimes it's okay to let people know stuff. Even if it's when you gotta go. And if you gotta go. Then just go."

Gamora smiled "I'll keep that in mind."

Gamora left as Star Lord smiled and headed off down the hallway as she then called out to him "Groot watches you evacuate your bowels."

Star Lord suddenly turned back confused by this comment as he realised what she said and ran off down the hallway cursing the names of Groot and Rocket.

THE END.

Again rushed and nothing special but I hoped you enjoyed it.

