Lily

Author: Gothes

*000*2020-01-15 06:58

This is going to be be a long story so be warned

And I would also like to apologize in case there are a few mistakes inside the story. I still struggle with the english language a bit.

Lily's cousin, Jenna, once tried a water diet to lose weight and so she decided to do it as well even if Lily never had the necessity to lose a few pounds since she's always been in top shape, the curiosity however towards this method was strong and so she tried it out. For the whole week Lily did nothing but drinking gallons and gallons of water spending half of her time in the bathroom either at her workplace or at home. Almost every day she got home from work with a bursting bladder and her two kids Sarah (5) and Matt (8) were constantly mocking her the moment she got into the house because she was an adult woman that did the pee pee dance like little children.

Lily knew that adults weren't supposed to cross their legs and bounce around and she felt a bit embarassed of her childish behavior in front of the kids. She kept saying to herself "tomorrow I will control myself" but every evening the desire for relief was strong, very strong and she couldn't help but pee pee dancing all the way from the car to the toilet, while ignoring Matt's and Sarah's laughter. "Did you pee your pants mommy?", she heard outside the bathroom door on a daily basis. Sometimes they even sneaked into the bathroom to see if she really peed herself. Lily always denied it, which was true even though she always leaked a bit in her panties but never told them out of embarassment.

This went on for five days and then, the weekend came. Lily promised Sarah and Matt to spend an afternoon at the local playground. The kids were very excited and since it wasn't that far away from their home they walked all the way there.

While they were walking Lily felt a slight, harmless pressure in her crotch and that was when she realized that the next couple of hours were about to get tough. You see, over the past five days she was so used to drink a bottle of water every couple of hours that she started to do it almost unconsciously and since she was also used to always have a toilet nearby she didn't even think about the lack of bathrooms at the playground.

"I didn't drink that much, it'll be fine", she tried to convince herself. She was relaxed and as they reached the area, a bit outside of their village, the kids already started to have fun. Some of their friends were there and so were their mothers, two women, Tina and Julia, good friends of Lily.

They immediatly started talking and having a nice conversation while Lily's little pressure got bigger and bigger. The topic moved at some point on her water diet and they discussed it for a bit when Lily said: "And that twenty minute drive home from work kills me!"

"Really?" , Tina asked interested. "Yeah, every evening half way through I start needing to pee and I come home bursting every time ... and then the kids make fun of me for bouncing around like a child." The women laughed. "My kid never says anything when I get home bursting for a piss, he couldn't care less about my needs", said Julia. "Lucky you", gasped Lily. "So you basically spend your days in constant need to pee?", joked Tina. Lily and Julia laughed. "Yes I do", said Lily "... I ... I actually have to pee again right now to be honest."

"Really?", Tina was amused. "Well ... Yeah, but it's fine. I can hold it ... I drank water earlier because I forgot that I was supposed to come here with the kids."

"You can always hide behind a bush somewhere, just in case. Haha", said Tina. Lily laughed and they kept on talking until, after a while, Julia noticed Lily was getting nervous and wiggled around a little bit. "How's your bladder, Lil?", she asked. Lily sighed: "I feel her."

"You OK?"

"Yeah, yeah I can hold it."

"You sure?", Tina asked. "I have to ... If I can hold it every day during my drive back from ..."

Lily stopped talking as she heard Sarah calling her from the other side of the playground. She was sitting on a swing and said: "Can you push me?!"

"Of course!", she shouted back even if the last thing she wanted was to stand up. She pushed herself up and she moaned almost grumpily. "Ah shit, I need a piss." Tina laughed: "You can do it Lil!"

"We'll see", she joked.

As she reached Sarah she slowly started to push the swing. The constant movement made her bladder jiggle which, of course, wasn't helpful. She tried the best to not show any signs of desperation until her mind started drifting and without realizing she pushed her fingers against her crotch for just a brief moment. As she realized it she removed her hand and put it into her pants' pocket, she looked around to see if somebody noticed. All of the kids were distracted, only Lily's girlfriends were looking at her kind of amused. "I gotta pee!", she mentioned to them by just moving her lips. After a while Sarah decided that she had spent enough time on the swing and went to join her brother. Lily was relieved she could finally sit down again.

"God, I'm about to wet myself", she whispered to her friends. "Why don't you go quickly behind those trees?" Julia asked. On the other side of the path that went along the playground there was a tini bit of forest with a few trees, enough to hide Lily's privates in case she decided to take a leak there. But she said, still whispering: "No! With all of the people that keep hiking along the way ... And all of the children here! You crazy?"

"Alright", Julia giggled "you think you can hold it until you get back home?"

"I have to." The women laughed a little as Lily felt a sudden spasm between her legs. She bended over, one hand in her crotch and moaned slighlty, Matt noticed that from the distance and yelled out loud: "Do you need to pee mommy?" Lily's friends started giggling. "No, I'm fine!", she said slightly embarassed. "I'm gonna die", she whispered again. "Julia, can you give me your coat please?" Julia was confused, she grabbed her coat and gave it to Lily. "Thanks", she whispered. Lily placed it over her lap and hid her hands underneath it so that she could unzip her pants and hold her crotch secretly. Both of her friends were looking down at her in curiosity. Tina moved closer to her and asked: "Are you seriously holding your pussy right now?" Julia added: "God, you really need to go."

"You would probably do the same if you needed to pee as much as I do now" said Lily without sharing eye contact with them. She looked at her kids laughing and having fun just hoping that one of them got tired and wanted to go home. But it didn't happen. Time was passing and Lily kept having converations with her friends to distract her from the now urgent need. Julia noticed that at some point she stopped talking to them and was just wiggling back and forth with the need to pee written all over her face. She gently layed her hand on Lilys thigh and giggled: "Lil, is everything alright?"

"I really gotta go", she laughed nervously. Julia continued: "Why don't you just pee through the bench?"

"What?!", Lily looked at her a bit shocked. "Look, let's do it like this. You hide your whole lap with my coat, then you pull down your pants a little, I place my purse behind you so that oncoming people won't be able to see your butt and then you just let go!"

"That's perfect", said Tina then she added: "I can also give you my coat to place in front of your legs so that the kids won't see your pee flowing through." Julia continued: "And then we're going to talk and laugh very loud so that nobody's gonna hear your pee splashing on the ground." Obviously Tina and Julia where joking but as they both laughed out loud Lily began to take that idea in consideration. "We could do that", she said half-serious. Julia stopped laughing and a bit worried she asked: "Wait you're really thinking about it?" Lily didn't know what to say. Tina got anxious: "Lily, if you really need to pee so bad you have to go somewhere." She looked down at Lily's legs that were crossed and squeezed together tight. "Listen", Tina said "I kinda have have to pee as well." Lily looked at her surprised and asked: "Really?"

"Well yeah, not as much as you do, but I wouldn't mind having a nice little piss right now. So I suggest that we both now get up and go over there and go pee behind one of those trees. You go first, obviously, and in the meantime I make sure nobody is looking while you are taking the most beautiful piss of your life. Alright?"

"I don't know", said Lily. Tina got a bit frustrated: "Lily, if you don't go you will wet your pants in the next few minutes ... In front of our kids!" Lily said nothing because she knew Tina was right. "Come on", said Tina "let's go pee." She grabbed Lily's arm and helped her get up. She had trouble standing up without losing control. Julia noticed that and said: "You better empty that bladder as quick as you can, Lil." In the distance Sarah noticed her mother was standing up and yelled: "Are we going home mommy?"

"You wanna go home, honey?"

"Yes!", Sarah said. "Ok ... Matt?! Do you want to go home as well?", Lily yelled across the playground. She kept holding the coat in her hand with which she hid her other hand still pressed against her crotch.

Julia behind her on the bench couldn't keep her eyes off Lily's tightly crossed legs shaking back and forth quickly and she kept staring at that one hand that was still clenched between those thighs fighting against the pressure. Julia was worried, she had never seen her friend so desperate before.

"Uuum, yeah!", said Matt eventually. "Alright, let's go!", yelled Lily at her kids while pretending everything's fine. She turned around layed the coat on the bench and whispered: "Thank god!"

"And what are you going to do now?", asked Julia. Lily, still bended over the bench with crossed legs, said: "I have to find something along the path. I seriously can't hold it anymore."

"You sure you don't want to go behind a tree now real quick?", said Tina silently. Julia started teasing Tina: "Seems like you're desperate as well. Haha"

"Yeah, I was already looking forward to have a nice pee behind Lily ... By the way, don't make fun of me I am sure you are about to piss yourself as well." Julia replied: "Well, I wouldn't mind a little relief behind a tree either."

"Please shut up!", said Lily as she took her purse "Don't make me think about peeing." Tina laughed: "Alright." The kids finally reached her mother. Lily turned around and stood upstraight immediately while trying to hide the pain of the pressure inside her. "Ok kids say bye bye to everyone!" , she said while moving away quickly from everybody and dragging her kids with her. She was in a rush. Julia, Tina and their children both waved them goodbye. Lily and the kids left the playground and very quickly started to walk along the path. Every step Lily made was horrible. She felt the urine's pressure against her bladder and the gravel on the ground made it even worse. She couldn't talk to her children anymore since she was way to focused on not wetting herself right in front of them. Sarah and Matt didn't really seem to notice their mothers need until Lily slipped on a tini rock and grabbed once again her crotch to not lose it.

"Aah" she moaned desperately. Matt saw her hand deep within her thighs and asked: "Do you need to pee again mom?" A wave of ebarassment overcame Lily. Her first thought was to deny it again but there was no point in doing so anymore. "Yes, mommy needs to go potty very bad. So we have to get home quickly." Lily took the decision to not pee outside probably even in front of her kids because for her that would have been to humiliating. Sarah and Matt started to move faster since her mother told them so. Lily kept her hand between her thighs, she didn't care anymore. She had to pee, bad.

Sarah began to giggle and asked: "Are you doing the pee pee dance?" Lily, exhausted: "Yes, I am doing the pee dance because I need to pee like a little girl." All of a sudden she stopped. A spasm. Lily bended over, crossed her legs and moaned, all in front of her children. "Do you pee your pants mommy?" , asked her daughter. "No, mommy just needs a little break because otherwise all of the pee is coming out."

"Do you want to pee here?" asked Sarah again. "No, here ... Aaaargh", another spasm. A few spurts came out of her, hoping that the kids wouldn't notice she pulled herself together and they kept on walking fast towards home and towards a toilet that Lily couldn't stop thinking about. It was evening and lucky for her the path was empty. "Mommy!" , said Sarah all of a sudden.

"What?!", Lily was nervous. "My shoe is untied." Without stopping Lily looked down at her daughters shoe and saw how her shoelaces where flying around. The last thing she wanted to do now was to stop and tie her shoes but her motherly instincts knew that if she kept walking at that speed Sarah might trip and get hurt. Lily kept walking. "Mommy!", Sarah yelled. "Argh", Lily stopped and got down on one knee in front of the child. She squeezed her thighs together as tight as she could and started to tie her shoe. Her hands were shaking and she couldn't hold still. Matt next to her kept watching her, he couldn't believe that a grown up woman had to pee so bad.

"Aaah", she moaned desperate. "You ok?", Sarah asked. "No, I have to pee very very very bad, honey!" The intense desire of taking a pee overcame her and in that moment a strong gush of urine exploded out of her. Matt was shocked as he saw the little stream coming out of her pants. She immediately stopped tying Sarah's shoes and moved her hands back to her to stop the oncoming flow. Sarah heard the splashes and asked: "Did you pee your pants?" Lily didn't listen to her. She stopped the urine but shortly after another spurt shot out of her, splashing once again on the ground. Lily panicked, she felt the urine on her hands and knew immediately that this was it. "The pee, the pee is coming out!", she said desperately to her kids as she immediately started to unzip her pants as another spurt came out of her.

She couldn't stop it. Lily pulled her pants down a bit to late and then the pee just shot out of her like a wonderful fountain. Sarah took a few steps back so that her shoes won't get hit by her mothers urine powerful pee stream. "Aaaah", Lily moaned silently, followed by a strong hissing sound and the intense splashes on the graveled ground. Her kids all around her were stunned and just looked at their mother's visble stream that just created the biggest pee puddle they've ever seen.

Lily knew that they where staring down there but the relief that just got over her overshadowed everything. The urine was flowing and flowing.

"This is a long pee", Matt said amused. "Yes", you could hear the relief in Lilys voice: "mommy had a lot of pee inside her." Then she gasped of exhaustion. "You are making a lake mommy." Sarah laughed. She looked down and only now Lily realized how much she actually peed. A massive puddle was underneath her and about to flow in Matt's direction who also looked at it with a bit of disbelief.

The last drops dribbled out of Lily and without standing up she dragged her pants back on so that the kids wouldn't see her vagina. It was already embarassing enough that they saw her pissing in front of them. Lily drew herself up and felt lighter than ever. "Oh my god", she said "I feel like a feather." Sarah, still in front of her, started to laugh again. "What?"

"You peed in your pants". Lily's face turned red, she forgot about the spurts at the beginning. She looked at her crotch and saw a little wet patch which turned out to be bigger as she moved her hand on her butt and felt the wettness. "Even a grown up pees in her pants sometimes." She turned to Matt who was still a bit stunned by wat just happened. He saw his mother pee before but never like

"You ok?" Lily asked. He nodded. "Look at the big lake I made.", she decided to embrace her embarassment hoping that it would make the situation less awkward. "You could swim in it", joked Sarah as she was about to touch the pee puddle with her shoe. "No!", said Lily and pulled her foot away. Her shoelace wasn't tied properly. Lily laughed a bit about her incapacity to act properly while desperate. She redid the knot, took Sarah and Matt by the hand and walked away, until Lily realized that she was holding her children with hands that were covered in urine a few minutes before. She let go without telling anyone and they walked back home without a worry in the world.

*003*2020-01-16 08:46

{{15 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

I’m a big fan of this story. I love the idea of a hot desperate mom! Do you plan to write another one? I think it would be great if you did

Your English is incredible by the way!

}}

Glad to hear that, thanks!

I'm definetly gonna write one again as soon as I know about what haha

*005*2020-01-17 08:22

{{1 hour ago, Noface said:

Good idea. If you want some constructive criticism then it usually looks better to have dialog broken into different paragraphs. As a rule of thumb no two characters should speak in the same block of text.

}}

Perfect! Thank you, I always wondered if there's a better way to write dialog.

