Dragon Ball Omorashi: New Lost Stories - Universe 2 Story; Helles` Situation

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2018-10-10 19:03

In Universe 2 of Dragon Ball Lore, God Of Destruction Helles was doing her duties to destroy some planets that oppose her Ideals & refuse her demands but Helles was feeling odd while doing her duties...

U2 Angel: Wow Lord Helles you seem to be angry today over these planets your destroying

Helles: Well they opposed & refused anything I tell them to do

U2 Angel: You aren't Beerus you know, is it because of that 1 Planet that called you 'ugly'?

Helles: Mmm... maybe... *starts blushing & squirms*

U2 Angel: Hmm? You feeling okay my Lord?

Helles: I need to use the facilities

U2 Angel: Oh that is a bit troublesome since there isn't any facilities nearby so I guess you have to---

Helles: No! I refuse to urinate out in the open, it is unladylike-like & embarrassing for a God to resort to

U2 Angel: I was going to say to use that Uninhabited Small Planet to use so no one can see you nor myself

Helles: Oh... *blushes* That's a good idea, I'll be right back

U2 Angel: Don't take too long, we got to meet up with the God & Angel in Universe 10

Helles: Alright then

(Helles makes her way onto the Uninhabited Small Planet)

Helles: Okay then since no one is around here I'm going to be relaxed by taking off all my clothes, I've always loved admiring my own body

(Takes off all her clothes & whatever the heck she wears on her head)

Helles: Aw feels nice, time to take care of business *squats & starts peeing but her urine shoots out so powerful like a gardening hose*

Helles: Oh my I didn't know I had to go this badly! Oh but feels so wonderful *makes a Orgasm-like Face* *continues peeing*

Helles: *still peeing* I don't know why but I kind of want to... *starts playing with her breasts while still peeing* Oh my god this feels so... relaxing and... thrilling *giggles*

Helles: *stops peeing then rubs around & plays her groin area while still rubbing her one of her breasts* Oh god, who knew just urinating while being naked can be such a turn on like me!

U2 Angel: Hmm she has been taking too long I should check up on Lord Helles *quickly flies towards destination*

U2 Angel: Lord Helles what's keeping you---*gets in shocked*

Helles: Oh, oh, ah, ah, oh---Oh my, um, this is not what it looks like...

U2 Angel: Really? Because it looks like you were enjoying yourself & ignoring your duties. We are heading back to your place to get cleaned up & going straight towards Universe 10 for our meeting.

Helles: Fine... (I'll satisfy myself some other time)

&&

&&

