A Struggling Student

Author: Guest Sayono

*000*2019-03-29 00:31

Hello. I'm a newcomer to the scene and have been following a few of the works for a while, although I didn't get around to creating a profile until recently. This is my attempt at a fictional piece of work which I hope to create more scenes for.

###

The screen brightened with light as the computer powered up. Whirring noises came from within as the logo appeared and bounced corner to corner. Several moments later the noises stopped and the screen flashed a few times. 'Installing updates. Please wait'. A groan immediately followed the computer's announcement as a loading bar appeared to show its progress. Seated in front, Lucy shuffled impatiently in the chair with an occasional moan or huff to emphasize it. Feeling too idle she checked her mobile phone in the wait. 'No signal'. Yet another outburst of irritation followed as she shoved it back into her pocket. Already she could predict the conversation her mother would have with her - The usual lecture of neglect and not showing any sense or responsibility. Minutes steadily passed on by as the loading bar crept towards the end of the line.

"I told you to check to see if it was working!" A voice called from behind her catching her off-guard as she found herself staring out of the bedroom window in a day-dream. A glance at the desk clock told her it had been ten minutes since she powered up the old machine.

"I..." She bit her tongue, preventing her from spreading a lie to excuse such carelessness. She had known about the upcoming interview for weeks now. Truly there was no excuse. "Sorry."

"Let me call your father and see where he is. There's still time yet, don't panic honey." She couldn't help but notice the response was abrupt. And she did worry, bobbing her legs side to side as she desperately willed her computer to pick up its pace. She only had one opportunity and the run up to it was abysmal. Her thought path was halted as the predicted verbal onslaught never came. Instead, her mother's expression softened as she came over, leaning past the chair and giving her a brief hug.

"I shouldn't be annoyed. It's a big day for you and I should be supporting you." Lucy turned on the spot and grinned sheepishly. She had never liked being a subject for attention. As such, even receiving compliments, praise or kind words caused her shyness to come forward. Such a trait was ironic giving her circumstances - With a bit of luck she would be attending university a year earlier than expected. The achievement was a far cry away from news reports which showed young children being on the same level as expert scientists or mathematicians... not that it stopped her friends and family joining together and singing her praises.

A twinge of pain from below distracted her from the technical issues. Pushing aside the feeling she was about to get up and tends to her needs when she eyed the loading bar which had somehow shot up to ninety-seven percent. The desk clock showed only six minutes left to her interview as well. Making a mental note to not be so careless in the future, she settled back in the seat right as the computer began its final restart. A nagging thought on whether she had dressed formally enough rose to the surface but was quickly suppressed.

"Good luck." A gentle kiss helped to comfort her mood as Lucy slowed her breathing, willing her nerves and legs to calm down. She couldn't afford to be a nervous wreck in an interview - Even one over a computer rather than in person. Her future was on the line.

###

Physically she was composed and eager, but mentally she was as unstable as a collapsing building. The interviews were only meant to be twenty minutes maximum. Brief introductions and then a slightly formal conversation followed by discussions of personal goals and desires and why she would fit in. Instead, the time was now reaching into the forties thanks to the dreadful internet connection. On top of the interview concerns, She had also started feeling increasing needs for the bathroom fifteen minutes in but had managed to stave the pain away by placing her hands into her lap.

"I just have a couple more questions if that is OK? They should not take too long, connection issues aside." The interviewer chuckled slightly as they neatened some papers on their desk. At least the person was calm and relaxed. Never again would she take meetings for granted is this was a teaser of what they were truly like. Just a few more minutes of patience and she could finally relax.

"Of course, not a problem!" She smiled back.

"I find it curious that despite your records clearly showing you excelling at science, you have opted for a history based course with our university. Why?" A dull ache responded before words could leave her mouth. It seemed a some point she had subconsciously start swaying her legs side to side. Silently thanking the webcam for only showing her face rather than her full body posture, Lucy took a breath.

"I... uh, I've always felt that studying something I truly have an interest in rather than a subject I'm forced into would be more beneficial - Even if I happen to be good at them." She offered a nervous giggle which earned a smile from the examiner. "I find the past really fascinating and I feel there's still a lot to be said about some areas of it, even after all this time." The examiner scribbled away on a notepad just out of view as Lucy awaited the next question. She had read that during moments of silence she could fill in the gaps with her own questions but her mind failed her. She prayed that would not cost her some points at the end of this process.

"Excellent. My last question for now - I couldn't help but notice on your achievements and records how you have a commendation from your school for achieving under challenging circumstances. Do you care to share about that?" A sharper twinge than before came to the surface earning an audible gasp. She pushed her hands deeper in to try and give some emergency relief to her bladder now desperately wanting to release.

"Is everything alright, Lucy?" She brought her eyes up and immediately flushed. The interviewer had raised their eyebrows with a look of suspicion rather than concern. Stammering over her words for a moment in her fuss, she breathed in and tried to focus as she closed her eyes, pushing aside her needs once more. After a few seconds, she reopened them and began.

"My apologies. I... When I was younger I entered a state of illness. Despite this, I made sure to keep up with my missed work to the best of my ability." Memories of the past surfaced as she retold the story. Her immune system had been compromised when she was eleven. Despite many hospital trips, time away from school and overall months of recovery she persevered. Of course, she didn't reveal all the bad details, less it make her sound unreliable. "By my second last year I had fully recovered, and in my last year they rewarded me with such." The bobbing up and down of her legs had stopped, instead opting for squeezing as tightly together as they could to give her strength.

"A brilliant tale, miss. Did such a commendation help with picking the college you followed on to study at?" The examiner had leaned forward with interest. The bowling ball of liquid within rolled forward.

"Possibly. I think my own talent helped a good deal too." She suddenly noticed that the examiner was once again writing notes down and in doing so had failed to notice her biting her lip in concern.

"Well I must say, This has been quite enlightening" Unsure how to respond, Lucy simply smiled back. "I will be conducting other interviews for the next few days, but between you and me, its promising." Her smile wobbled as her body relented, her senses suddenly becoming aware of a few drops of warmth outside.

"It's been an interesting learning experience" Her stammer had returned as she twisted side to side, more drops starting to leak out. Standing up, the interviewer bowed then the call cut out. Leaping from her chair, Lucy flew towards her door pleading out loud repeatedly.

###

The girl sighed as she paused just before the bed. Lifting up the covers showed a sight she was all to familiar with - Bed pads. Thankfully such an embarrassment was confined purely to her parents who had insisted on some method of protection following her illness wrecking havoc with her body those years ago. Even now she had not truly recovered. Her bladder was noticeably small and still caused issues from time to time. Pushing aside the few teddy bears that were occupying her bed, she wrapped herself up, wishing for some good news to come in the near future.

