Fairy Tail x Reader Omorashi

Author: Guest Animeomo

*000*2017-09-25 23:40

Lyon Vastia

~Lyon's POV~

It's been 9 months since (Y/N) and I started dating. I haven't been able to keep her out of my mind.

Sitting at the Lamia Scale bar, I finished my fourth glass of water without a second thought.

Later...

Ugh. Sherry insisted we go on another job. I have no choice but to say yes. Master would make me spin. Our location was 4 hours away, so Sherry decided to drag (Y/n) along too, since I would probably not speak to her during the ride. An hour into the trip, and I felt a twinge in my abdomen. I sighed. I would have to wait to relieve myself after the ride, due to the poor design of the train. No bathrooms. Not one. Suddenly feeling something hit my lap, I realized (Y/n) had fallen asleep on me. To make matters worse, she was kinda pushing against my bladder. Cringing, I stiffened, and willed myself to hold it. Halfway there...

Half an hour has passed, and my situation was getting a bit dire. (Y/n) and Sherry left the compartment and moved to another one to leave me alone. Thank goodness. I crossed my legs and bent forward. At least if it comes to holding myself, I won't be seen like this in front of (Y/n). My belt was making it worse, so I loosened it to provide extra space for my bladder to expand. Lifting my shirt, I saw that it was protruding out, and it looked awkwardly full. Curiosity got the best of me and I poked it. Wow. Me and my idiocy. It hurt like hell! My hands shot in between my legs in desperation. I whimpered maybe the tiniest bit. Good thing my compartment was soundproof.

We were almost there, but I might not make it. I was now constantly squirming. The train gave a sudden jerk, and I accidentally let out a few spurts. No! Not yet! Please! Just then, they walked in. (Y/n) immediately knew what was going on.

"Oh my gosh! Are you okay?" She asked.

I shook, my face turning bright red as she lifted my shirt and saw the bulging mess. Gasping, she was trying to reassure me that I'll make it.

"It's ok! I know you'll make it!"

Moaning, I doubled over, as the train screeched to a stop. We were here, but I couldn't walk. I felt bad because in hopes of helping me, they carried me to the men's room and I made it. Just in time. As I was unzipping, a gush of urine flooded out. But I made it.

