Return to the Questing Guild

Author: Glowsicle

*000*2021-08-02 21:09

The scorching afternoon air was beginning to fade into a warm evening breeze ad Ridin left her brother's restaurant. The Konal province was suffering a heat wave, and as a result, townspeople were fleeing their stuffy homes and flocking to fan-cooled businesses with cold stone floors as a way to beat the dreadful temperatures. Ridin wasn't usually a waitress. In fact, she spent most of her time away from Konal on adventures with her party, but they'd all agreed to take a break and head to their individual homes for the summer solstice. As the heat wave struck, Ridin's brother's restaurant had grown overwhelmingly busy, and Ridin had volunteered to help serve. However, she hadn't counted on the summer warmth to last through the entire solstice, and thusly through the end of her break. Now she was running late to get to the ferry that would take her back to Duret, home of the Questing Guild headquarters.

Ridin rushed through the town, her traveling bag bouncing from her shoulders with every step, cursing the drunken men who had kept her from finishing her shift on time with their endless demands. Finally, the shipyard came into view, and Ridin slowed her pace, huffing with exertion. She handed her ticket to the ferrystaff and made it onboard just in time for the final call. The ride would take roughly two hours, with two stops at neighboring provinces where Suffet and Holms, two other members of Ridin's party, would join her. Lou, the fourth and final member, was traveling from the other side of Duret and would meet them there.

Ridin stood at the front of the ferry, letting the evening breeze brush over her as the ship departed. As her heartrate slowed, she felt a faint pressure spread into her lower stomach. She wished, not for the first time since she'd started her mad dash for the ferry, that she'd had the time to use the bathroom before leaving the restaurant. The sprint for the boat had seemed to jostle her bladder into a level of discomfort which she would generally feel in the moments right before relieving herself. Now, the sound of the water lapping at the bow was urging her to find a toilet quickly.

Ridin made her way to the cargo room where she stored her bag, then started to explore below deck. Families and other riders milled about, talking and enjoying the provided refreshments. A staffmember offered Ridin a glass of sparkling juice, but she declined, wanting to find the bathroom before subjecting her body to any more liquid. But after fifteen minutes of looking, she was no closer to relief than she had been before. Ridin frowned - the ship wasn't big, and she couldn't imagine there was much of it she hadn't explored. Was it possible there was just no bathroom on the ferry?

She shook her head. There had to be a bathroom-how else would the crew relieve themselves on longer trips? She sighed. Her urge was growing more and more uncomfortable, and she was seriously starting to regret all the drinks she'd had during her shift as a result of the heat. Determinedly, she decided to check the ship again, wondering if she'd somehow missed the bathroom on her first trip around in her hastiness. But after another fifteen minutes, she was still empty-handed and full (or close) bladdered.

"Excuse me," she asked as a crewmate passed by. "I was wondering if you could tell me if there's a bathroom onbo-"

"Ridin!"

The cry came from above, and Ridin looked up just in time to see Suffet launch herself from the upcoming pier and land on the deck with a dull THUD.

"Woah!" Ridin jumped back, clamping down on a leak threatening to escape. "Suff, what are you doing? You have to pay."

"Relaxxx..." Suffet held up a ticket, waving it back and forth. "I'll give it to the captain on our way out or something. I just didn't want to wait through that stuffy line to board. Besides, I missed you."

"I missed you too," Ridin said despite herself. The crewmate she'd tried to speak to earlier had disappeared back into the crowd, and Ridin was yet again no closer to finding a bathroom than she'd been when she boarded. Oblivious to her plight, Suffet tugged at her hand.

"Come on," she said excitedly. "Let's keep watch for Holms. I want to see what he got me from Cerefel."

"Okay," Ridin agreed halfheartedly, and let herself be tugged back to the cargo bay, then up to the front of the ship. The waters were rougher outside Suffet's province, and Ridin shifted her weight from foot to foot worriedly as the sound of rolling waves crashed against her ears. How she wished to find a bathroom so she could cause some waves of her own...

"Wow..." Suffet was leaning out over the railing. "I love sailing."

"We sail all the time," Ridin pointed out.

"So?" Suffet asked. "Look at it." She swept her arms out to the waters. "Isn't it amazing?"

Ridin bit back a grimace. It was amazing- amazingly inconvenient for her right now. She shifted her weight again, wishing desperately for the privacy of her home toilet. Her need was growing rather urgent, and she worried for the safety of her shorts if she couldn't find a place to release before they reached Duret.

The ship moved on through the waters as Suffet excitedly pointed to every bird that flew overhead and every fish that came to inspect the vehicle disturbing their homes. Ridin nodded along vaguely, glad (for once) for Suffet's ability to ramble on with little to no input from her peers, which left Ridin free to focus on holding. She shifted back and forth, rubbing her thighs together in a way that she hoped looked natural. She stifled a moan as an intense wave of desperation came over her, barely managing to keep herself from shoving her hands in her crotch.

"You okay?" Suffet asked, and Ridin realized her moan had been released as a huff.

"Fine," she said, hoping she didn't look as desperate as she felt. Luckily, Suffet wasn't the most observant adventurer in their party and took her at her word, returning to her animated babbling.

Ridin was about to swallow her pride and ask to find a bathroom when one of Suffet's cries broke through her haze of desperation.

"Look!" She shouted. "It's Holms!"

Ridin looked, and sure enough, Holms was standing on the deck, his broadsword drawn. But he didn't look happy to see them- in fact, he wasn't even looking at the ship. He was glaring down into the water.

"Something's wrong-" Ridin started to say, but before she could finish, screams errupted from the people on the pier and Holms jumped back just in time as a large dark shape crashed through the wooden boards of the dock.

"Sea dragon!" The captain shouted. The ship errupted into chaos, with passengers all running to get below deck. Suffet and Ridin glanced at each other before nodding and taking off towards Holms, who had launched himself into an attack on the dragon. Ridin's bladder wailed with every pounding step she took, and she was almost tempted to join the other passengers below deck. But as adventurers, it was their duty to protect people from monsters like the dragon. She was glad, at least, that she'd kept her twin daggers sheathed at her sides instead of storing them with her luggage, and that Suffet had kept her sicle strapped to her back.

"What is a sea dragon doing out here?" Ridin asked as they ran. Monsters tended to flock towards bigger provinces like Duret, especially once adventurers began to stay there. For some reason, nothing made the monsters more angry than adventurers.

"Worry about that later," Suffet shouted. "For now, give me a boost!"

As they reached the part of the boat closest to the dragon, Ridin crouched down, cupping her hands as a foothold for Suffet. Once they were in place they sprang up together, joining Holms in the fight. Suffet, who had used Ridin to jump higher, slashed at the dragon's neck, while Ridin attacked its body. Holms was running parallel to the dragon on the dock, using the blunt side of his sword as a kind of paddle to launch various objects at the dragon.

Having reached the top of her trajectory, Ridin began to fall. The ship had turned, trying to get its passengers to safety, and the pier was too far away, meaning she had no choice but to slip into the water. The impact sent a jolt right through her bladder, but what was worse than that was the sudden shocking cold. Ridin allowed the water to muffle her loud moan, finally giving in and pressing her hands firmly into her crotch and even twisting her legs around them. She couldn't remember the last time she'd been so desperate to pee- in fact, she couldn't remember much right now past the burning desire to let it all out. But her party needed her, so she steeled herself and her bladder and swam back up to the surface, her whole body trembling from cold and desperation.

"Ridin!" Holms called once she'd surfaced. "It has a weak spot under its chin!"

Ridin looked up at the dragon who was still fighting off Suffet's advances. Sure enough, there was a soft looking area under its chin where its scales had begun to shed.

@@"Get it's attention!" Ridin called. She swam to the pier, pulling herself from the water, which clung to her legs and dripped around her feet. The feeling of the liquid on her legs was torturous, and she groaned as a spurt of pee made its way out, spattering loudly on the ground with the rest of the water droplets. She shifted rapidly, grinding her thighs together, then desperately refocused her attention on the task at hand. Holms was hitting objects at the dragon again as Suffet slipped into the water. The dragon rounded on the pier and Ridin crouched low, painting the ground with another quick spurt of urine before jumping as high as she could just as the dragon lunged for Holms. Reaching her target, she wrapped her arms and legs around the dragon's great neck and began to climb for its head. Blissfully, she allowed her crotch to rub against the dragon's rough scales, keeping the impending flood at bay for the precious seconds it took her to reach the soft spot. Once she was there she grabbed a dagger, plunging it into the dragon's shadowy body. With a roar, it lurched back, thrashing in the water as she drove the dagger deeper. Then with a final cry, the dragon began to dissipate into shadows.

Ridin found herself falling back towards the water again. Her legs were trembling with the strain of holding her bladder, and she felt another leak make its way out. She almost imagined she could hear the drops of urine hitting the water. Now that the dragon was gone, it wouldn't matter if she spent a few extra seconds in the water relieving herself, right? She was already soaked, and nobody would have to know.

Just as she had resolved to let go, something collided with her body. She looked up with a start to see Holms, who had launched himself from the dock to catch her. The two were now traveling towards the ship, which was turning back around to dock. But Ridin had been so ready for relief that she couldn't stop the leak that had started as she'd fallen towards the water. Holms was carrying her bridal style, which normally would've been fine, but now with the wind pushing back against them, she looked down in horror as the stream of urine spilling from her shorts collided with his traveling pants.

"Good job," Holms told her, and it was all she could do to nod along as she fought tooth and nail to seal the dam in her panties. The two reached the dock, tumbling over the edge, and Ridin let out a groan as her stomach hit the floor. Suffet rushed over to help them up, and Ridin was grateful that the water still dripping from her clothes concealed the small streams of pee that were still running down her legs.

"That was awesome," Suffet whispered as the three adventurers stood. People were beginning to emerge from below deck, glancing around nervously to make sure no other monsters appeared.

"You three!" A voice called. The party spun, standing at attention as the captain approached. The emerging passengers turned to look at them, and Ridin was suddenly painfully aware of her slowly leaking bladder.

The captain stood across from the party, his face stoic. Then he broke into a grin, rushing forward to shake Holms's hand, then Suffets, and finally Ridin's.

"I can't thank you enough," he said. "Truly, you three are bursting with talent. We're overflowing with grattitude."

I'm bursting and overflowing with something, Ridin thought. But Holms smiled politely.

"No thanks necessary," he said. "We're just doing our job."

"Nonsense!" The captain objected. "Come, let us give you some dry clothes. And then please join me for a drink in my cabin so that I can thank you properly."

Ridin grimaced at the thought of a drink. But... If they were changing, maybe the captain could point her towards a bathroom. She glanced at the puddle forming at her feet and wondered how much of it was pee.

"That would be amazing," Ridin said. Suffet nodded along.

The captain lead them below deck to a crew room. Ridin winced at the squelching sound her shoes made as she walked, but luckily she wasn't the only one who was wet. Suffet was just as sopping as she was, though likely for different reasons.

"Here we are!" The captain gestured to a series of private rooms. "There are dry clothes for you in those three. Once you've changed, please find my cabin."

Holms began to thank the captain, but Ridin made a break for the nearest room. Once she was inside and the door was closed, she clamped her hands against her crotch, moaning quietly to herself as she writhed in place.

"Ooh..." her eyes searched frantically for a bathroom door, but she found none. "Hng... Aaah..."

Pressing her hands further into her groin, she finally felt the leak stop. It felt like she'd let out an entire ocean over the floor of the ship, but there was still another one inside her, twice as big. And now, with no bathroom in sight, she wasn't sure what to do.

Maybe there was a vase, or a waste bin. Anything she could find relief in. But after searching the room, squirming frantically the whole time, she found nothing of use.

A knock sounded at the door. "Ridin? You almost ready?"

"Al- ahhhhh... almo-ost," Ridin called. If there was nowhere to go in here, she'd just have to get changed and ask the captain once they were at his cabin. Carefully, she changed out of her wet clothes, noting with extreme displeasure that the new pants she was given were tighter around the waist than her shorts had been. Giving herself one last desperate squeeze, she opened the door and rejoined her party.

A staff member lead them to the captain's cabin, where they each took a seat across a table from the captain. Ridin crossed her legs under the table, sitting on her hands and gripping desperately at her thighs from below as the captain poured them each a glass of sparkling juice. Her vision seemed to tunnel around the sloshing golden liquid until she realized the captain had begun to speak.

"Truly, I cannot thank you enough," he was saying. "There aren't usually monsters on this route. I don't know what we would've done had you three not been there."

"Perhaps it would be wise to hire someone capable of dealing with them," Holms was reasoning. "There may be a time when you're not so lucky as to have adventurers onboard."

"Aye, I've had the same thoughts." The captain agreed. "But we've not got the money. The ship is old, and we've had to spend a fortune on repairs. Even the bathroom broke down right before we reached Konal, so that's another repair we'll have to spend for."

Ridin's heart plunged. The bathroom was... broken? But there HAD to be somewhere for her to pee. She wasn't sure how much longer she could last, even with all the leaking.

As if responding to her thoughts, another trickle snaked out from between her clenched thighs, pooling on the chair below and spreading into the butt of her pants. She sucked in a shaky breath, glad that the clothes provided were dark enough to hide any wet patches.

"Ah, well." The captain shook his head. "Now's not the time to be focusing on that. Let's have a toast. To your bravery and strength."

He raised his glass, and Suffet and Holms followed suit. Reluctantly, Ridin clasped her own glass, raising it with a slightly shaky hand. The glasses clinked, and she took a small drink, praying that she'd have some time before she felt the sweet liquid in her bladder.

The captain continued to talk with Suffet and Holms, Ridin staying quiet in her desperation. There was no point in asking for a place to relieve herself now- not unless she wanted to humiliate herself. Though the threat of humiliating herself in another way was becoming more and more imminent. She tried to keep her squirming to a minimum, but still ended up shifting restlessly in her chair every few seconds. Just when she was sure she couldn't stand it anymore, the ship came to a halt.

"Look at that," the captain said. "Looks like we're at Duret. End of the line."

Holms stood and shook the captain's hand again. "Thank you for the passage," he said. Suffet followed suit.

Ridin shook his hand last. "Thank yo-ooh..." she said through a moan. The captian just smiled at her obliviously.

"Let's get outta here," Suffet said once they were above deck. "I'm ready to get back to the Guild."

"You have no idea," Ridin agreed, shifting her weight back and forth. But as they left the dock, it was clear something was wrong. There were no people milling about the town. Vendors stood quietly at their booths instead of calling out their sales.

"What's going on?" Suffet asked. "Where's Lou?"

"I don't like this," Holms said. "Let's get to the Guild."

Ridin agreed, walking rigidly behind her party as they made their way to the Questing Guild building. Just before they rounded the corner for the entrance, Lou darted out from an alley.

"Shh!" he hissed, then waved them into the alley. Ridin almost protested, needing to make it to the bathroom inside the guild, but Lou looked more serious than she'd ever seen before.

"What is it?" Suffet whispered once they were in the alley. Ridin leaned forward, pretending to want to hear, and subtly crossed her legs as Lou whispered back.

"The Ancients have taken over the Guild."

"What?" Suffet cried.

"What do you mean?" Holms asked, deadly serious.

The Ancients were a rebel group of adventurers who didn't like how the questing system worked. They fought monsters with reckless abandon, not caring about the damage they caused in doing so, in the name of Ban, the ancient God of Vengance.

"They're holding Leader Mary hostage," Lou said, "and they've stripped other adventurers of their weapons. I barely got away, but they know I'm here. And they probably know you've arrived."

As if to prove his point, an Ancient Guard dressed in red robes stalked past the alley. Lou pulled the party further against the wall, and Ridin bit her lip as the crossguard of Holms's sword pressed into her gut. She was sure she was just seconds away from springing another leak, if not a full blown flood.

"What do we do?" Suffet asked once the guard was gone.

"I have a way in," Lou revealed. "Suffet and I will break into the weapons room to get the adventurers back their weapons so they can help us. Ridin, you try to extract Leader Mary before she gets hurt. Holms will keep watch from up there" he pointed to a tall church tower "and radio us if anything goes wrong."

"I'm extracting the leader?" Ridin asked, trying not to dance in desperation. "How will I keep from getting caught?"

Lou pressed an old key into her hand. "It unlocks the secret tunnels," he said. "They can take you down to the old war room where they're keeping her."

"But-" Ridin tried to protest, but Lou didn't hear.

"There's no time to waste," he said. "Everyone take a radio and follow me."

Reluctantly, Ridin did as she was told. Lou took them into the Guild through an old cargo passage, then Suffet and him split off. Ridin crept slowly through the halls, part to keep quiet and part due to her desperate state. The entrance to the secret tunnels was in the trophy room, about two halls away from where she was now.

Slowly, she made her way through the Guild. At this point, her hands were permanently in her crotch and she couldn't stop squirming if her life depended on it. The fabric around her hands was still wet from her small accident in the captain's cabin, and every few minutes a small gush would escape and warm her hands. With a feeling of despair, Ridin realized she'd have to pass the bathroom to get to the trophy room. Lou had said there was no time to spare, but surely she wouldn't be wrong to take a quick stop...

She crept down the hall to the bathroom door, wincing as she heard the sound of crashing water from the decorative waterfalls. Adventurers always made jokes that the waterfalls were there to help you go faster, but it didn't feel like much of a joke now as another gush of warm pee spilled into Ridin's hands. Just as she was about to push the door open, a guard turned down the hall, and Ridin dove behind a pillar, crouching down and keeping as quiet as possible.

"Oh god," the guard moaned. "I have to piss so bad. Why doesn't the boss let us go more often? I swear I'm holding Poseidon's sea in here."

There was a scrambling sound as the guard rushed for the bathroom door. Ridin was in hell, with the guard's desperate narration and the sound of the gushing, flowing waterfall in her ears. The door swung shut and she let out a long, low moan as another spurt of pee fell into her pants, soaking the fabric of her butt. Another spurt followed the first and she scissored her legs from her spot crouched on the floor before abruptly standing and rushing off. She couldn't take the sound of the waterfalls anymore.

Finally, she reached the trophy room, diving inside more recklessly than she should've, considering the Guild was swarming with guards. She shoved Lou's key into the door half obscured by a large trophy case and stepped inside, closing the door behind her. More pee was leaking from between her clamped hands, and she realized with a start that it was becoming more about when she wasn't peeing than when she was. As quickly as her tortured bladder would let her, she snuck through the passage, keeping an ear out for any footsteps that may be following her. Before long, she found herself in the rafters of the old war room. Sure enough, Leader Mary sat proudly at one end of the strategy table, with two Ancient Guards standing at her sides. A third stood at the door, keeping an eye out for intruders.

"Something's gotta be wrong," one guard said. "Our relief team was supposed to be here ten minnutes ago."

"Emphasis on relief," the other guard said. "I've gotta piss like a racehorse."

"Don't say that in front of her," the third guard snapped.

Mary chuckled, shaking her head. "Organization has never been the Ancients' strongsuit," she jabbed. "I'm sure your relief team is wandering around the halls having lost track of time. Good luck getting any relief anytime soon."

"You bitch," the second guard growled.

"It's not my fault you've failed to use the bathroom when you should like a mature adult," Mary said. "Maybe if you had managed your time better, you wouldn't be here, squirming around and ruining your reputation."

Ridin clamped one hand over her mouth to stifle a whimper, the other rubbing desperately at her crotch to keep the flood at bay. Not only would wetting herself now be humiliating, it would also give her position away. She was crouched in the rafters, half hidden in the dark, but there would be nowhere to hide if a sea of her piss came crashing down into the war room from the ceiling.

"My reputation is better now than yours will ever be," the guard argued. "You lead an army of cowards."

"The adventurers are not an army," Mary said back. "And your reputation will be nothing once you soak those robes of yours."

"Argh!" The guard growled. "Can't we just knock her out so I can go piss already?"

"Boss wants her conscious," the third guard said with a shrug. Suddenly, another five guards entered the room.

"Finally," the second guard said. "You're late." He moved to leave.

"Wait," one of the new guards said. "There's adventurers breaking in. We all stay here."

"You've gotta be kidding!" The second guard cried.

The new guard shook his head. "Boss's orders."

Ridin frowned. She could've delt with the three guards-maybe not with a full bladder, but definitely with an empty one. But eight was a challenge.

A crackling sound came from Ridin's in-ear radio. "We've got the weapons back to the adventurers," Lou reported. "Ridin, were you able to find the leader?"

Ridin couldn't talk, so she pressed down on her radio button twice-the code for yes.

"Are there guards there?"

Ridin pressed the button twice again.

"Can you take them out alone?"

Ridin pressed the button once-no.

"Okay," Lou responded. "Sit tight, ok? We're on our way down to the war room."

Ridin was sitting tight-as tight as she'd ever been. She could feel every drop of her days' worth of pee begging to be released, for her to open the floodgates and soak herself like she never had before. But she had to fight for as long as she could... which didn't look like it would be very long now.

With a sense of dread, Ridin felt another leak coming. But this one felt different-bigger. She wasn't sure if she could stop it once it started, and if she couldn't stop it, she knew she'd end up springing a gusher as forceful as a geyser. Desperately, she shifted so that she was basically resting her weight on her crotch, which was pressed up against the rafter beam. Her legs hung over the sides, gripping onto the beam for dear life. The pressure was good, but it wasn't enough. Slowly, Ridin felt herself begin to leak again.

The beam was wood, but it was polished so that it couldn't absorb anything. Instead, the pee pooled under her butt and began to run down her legs and into her shoes. The first drop spilled from the side of the beam onto the stone ground of the war room and Ridin winced, praying that the guards wouldn't notice. Soon another drop joined it, and a third, and over the course of the next few minutes, Ridin had made a small puddle on the ground.

"What the hell?" One guard exclaimed, and Ridin froze, thinking they'd found her. But the guard's attention was on the desperate guard, who had now spun around to face the wall and was beginning to relieve himself.

"It was either here or in my pants," the guard said. The other guards groaned, but the hissing sound of his relief only made Ridin's leak worsen. She could hear the drops colliding with her puddle now. Luckily, everyone's attention seemed to be on the guard now relieving himself.

"God, man," one guard said. "How much did you drink?"

"Liters, it feels like," the guard responded. Ridin could relate.

Suddenly, there was a cry from outside, and the door to the room burst open. The guards, caught off guard, spun and readied their weapons, but a team of five adventurers-including Lou, Suffet, and Holms-had already rushed them. Unclamping her legs from the beam, Ridin dropped down to help them, the impact of the drop causing the dam to crack further and her stream to grow yet again.

It took all of Ridin's concentration to fight while peeing as little as possible. She swung at a guard with her dagger, then aimed a kick at his head, knocking him out. Wherever she moved, there were patters of liquid on the ground, making a map of her fight. Once Holms had knocked the last guard down, her pants were completely soaked, but she felt no more relieved.

"Come on!" Suffet said before she could catch her breath. "We have to get to the main hall and help the others!"

Ridin didn't have a choice-Suffet grabbed her hand and pulled her away from the war room, up the stairs (and past the bathroom and its cursed waterfalls) to the large main hall of the Guild, where adventurers and guards were fighting over every square inch. Ridin's party jumped right back into the fray, and Ridin had no choice but to join them.

For every punch and kick she dealt, Ridin felt as if she recieved two back, right in the bladder. At one point she managed to stop her flow, only to be knocked back on her ass and have it start up again. She felt every pitiful trickle run down her legs and wanted nothing more than to let it all rip out of her with the force of a million seas. Every wave that gushed down her legs felt like a single grain of sand being released from a desert. But she kept fighting until finally all the guards had been subdued.

Their jobs done, all the adventurers began to talk amongst themselves until Leader Mary stood at the front of the room, waving her hands for their attention. The crowd quieted, and Ridin allowed herself to be pushed towards the back where she could hold herself away from prying eyes. Mary was giving a speech, but Ridin couldn't focus on anything other than the roaring ocean inside of her that was slowly making its way out. The desperation was so bad that she was sure she couldn't take another step without letting loose. Just as this thought crossed her mind, the impromptu meeting was adjourned, and she made a split second decision. Ignoring the calls from her party, she shoved her hands against her crotch as hard as they could go, and still leaking, made a sprint for the bathroom. Her shoes squelched again as she ran and she knew she was leaving behind a trail of pee, but she didn't care. All she cared about was finding a place to let go.

But when she rounded the corner to see the bathroom and hear the crashing water, there was already a huge line. It seemed that most adventurers had been in the same predicament as her, though she highly doubted any could ever be as desperate. With the bathroom occupied as a massive wave of pee threatening to gush down her legs, Ridin continued down the hall and made it to the trophy room, once again unlocking the secret passage and throwing herself inside. Before the door could even close, the dam burst, and Ridin's pee came jetting out of her with more force than she could've ever imagined, spraying onto the ground. She leaned back against the cool brick, raising one leg and pressing it against the opposing wall as the pee shot through her soaking pants and splattered up the wall.

"OH...." Ridin moaned. "Ahhh... Th-thank goooh..."

She knew she should quiet her moans, but she'd never felt such bliss in her entire life. Her legs were trembling with the effort of holding and the euphoria of release, and she let her eyes roll back as she lost herself in the feeling.

Through the bliss, she heard the door to the trophy room open and Mary speak.

"Your party's bravery truly is astounding," Mary said. "I wanted to thank each of you. But where is Ridin? I thought I saw her in the rafters, but I wasn't sure until she came down to fight."

Face flushing, Ridin realized that Mary was with her party, and that they were looking for her. She shoved her hand over her mouth to stifle another moan as she continued to release.

"She was acting kind of weird for the last part of the trip," Suffet noted. "I hope nothing was wrong."

"Do you guys see the water all over the Guild?" Lou asked. "Where's that coming from?"

Heart pounding, Ridin looked at the floor of the secret passage, where her urine was splashing into a puddle and threatening to spill out from under the hidden door. With all her might, she tried to shut off the flow. It felt worse than holding throughout the day had. Trying to stop in the middle of a mind shattering piss was like drinking every drop of water in the world.

"Ah... Ohhhh.." she whimpered, straining against the jet of pee pouring out of her. She shoved a hand over her crotch, grimacing as it began to splatter back against her legs. Finally, the stream slowed to a small trickle.

"Ridin?" A voice came through her earpiece, and she jumped. "Where are you?"

Speaking as quietly as she could, but holding her radio close to her mouth so it would sound like she was speaking normally, she replied "I'll ca- ahh..... Catch up with you guys in a few."

She ground her crotch against her hand as she spoke, hoping the sounds of her relief weren't coming through.

"She says she'll catch up later," Suffet reported to Mary.

"Very well," Mary said. "I'll put together a banquet for us later tonight. You're all dismissed until then. Tell Ridin I thank her greatly."

Ridin waited with bated breath as the door opened again and footsteps left. The door swung closed and she removed her hand, freely emptying yet again. If anything, this release was even more blissful than the first, and Ridin knew she wouldn't be stopping again for a long time.

"Ahh..." She moaned, letting her body take control. She stood there peeing for minutes, until the puddle was well out the door and had probably begun to soak into the trophy room carpet. She couldn't bring herself to care.

At long last, her flood tapered into a stream, which slowed to a trickle that ran down her legs and lasted for yet another minute. And then finally, she was empty. Breathing heavily, Ridin wiped her soaking hands on her borrowed shirt and hoped to god that she would never be that desperate again.

*002*2021-08-06 06:06

{{3 hours ago, Manticore said:

A great story, with very hot prolonged desperation throughout that has a very plausible reason.

Does this fantasy setting and its characters have its roots in another piece of fiction? I wasn't able to find descriptions of the character's physical appearances in the story, but then again a healthy imagination is enough to fill in the blanks.

Thanks for writing and I hope to read more!

}}

Thanks for your comment, I really appreciate it!

These characters and this setting aren't based on anything specific, mostly because I personally seem to enjoy stories more when my imagination isn't limited to things that already exist. Because of that, I tried to choose pretty generic RPG names and situations, etc, though most of what I know of RPGs actually comes from the fan stories I've read on here of games like Genshin Impact and the Fire Emblem series.

