Summer lovin’

Author: Guest cherry65

*000*2020-08-03 01:26

@@My leg bounces, I look at the empty bottles on the table. What’s taking her so long in the shower? I wonder as my bladder twitches. I feel my underwear dampen as the seconds tick by on the clock. The tv is just flashing lights, and no longer a distraction. I can’t take it anymore- and I head upstairs. The bathroom door is open and there she is. Her hair still dripping, and a towel loosely wrapped around her. The water droplets twinkle atop her perky breasts in the dimly lit hall. I pull her into the bedroom and we kiss hard, she moans. My legs twitch and my hand shoots down between my legs I then hold myself as we kiss. She runs her hands through my thick hair and kisses my neck softly, she doesnt mind that I hold my crotch and whimper as she does so. I squirm more wetting myself a bit again, enough to see a spot on my pants. I can feel my hand getting wetter when she moves closer, the towel falling to the ground. Her body still wet, tan, but most of all beautiful. She looks at me tenderly pulling my hand away from my privates and undoing my pants. She pulls them off, wet underwear too, I can barely contain myself, I feel droplets of pee running down my legs now. My bladder bulges sore, I think of the empty beers on the coffee table downstairs. She sucks on my bottom lip so I kiss her back then she pulls me in, kissing me harder now. I push her up against the wall and pull her hair. The picture frames rattle as her naked body pushes up against the wall. She moans and retaliates, she rubs my sore lower abdomen and I bite my lip when my bladder surges. She giggles and kisses me running her fingers across my abdomen and then she starts humping my leg with her naked wet pussy. She pushes her sexy little hips into mine and I start losing control. A warm stream of pee starts running down her stomach, pee starts running down our legs too. I blush and start to apologize but she pulls me and kisses me. With my dick quietly pressed up against her I let myself have an accident and start peeing full force. Hot and golden it runs down our bodies and starts pooling at our feet on the floor. I pull away from her lips for a moment and moan in relief as it happens, she smiles, kind and sexy. She kisses my neck and sucks on my tongue, licking it gently with hers. The dim summer light that is streaming in through the blinds makes the puddles shine. After I finish going our legs are wet and there is pee running across the floor in every direction. We stand in the mess and I finish peeing on her while she kisses me. When I am done I say “oopsie” sarcastically. She laughs and quickly bites her red finger nail looking at the wet floor. She looks at me eyes sparkling and she pulls me closer, my dick harder now. She rubs the tip with her soft fingers and grabs the shaft with the other. She pulls me inside her pussy, warm, wet, and I moan- tight. I fuck her up against the wall naked and extra wet. I finish inside her and I dig my fingers into her plump ass cheeks as I cum. She rubs the back of my hair. Good boy.

