Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - A Heroes Story; Towa's Desperation

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-12-12 03:10

Back to the world of bizarre events, Towa was hatching a new plan to gather energy from the Era where Super Saiyan Gods exist until......

Towa: *Squirming* Don't worry Mira I am almost done fixing you--mmm---up

Mira: You okay Towa?

Towa: I'm fine just need to use the facilities is all. Now let me just add the final compo--ugh--nent.

Mira: Go. I won't be moving anywhere yet until we go gather energy from Goku, Vegeta, & Frieza.

Towa: Thanks my creation, I'll be right back.

(Towa flies to the nearest Facilities)

Towa: Okay here we are now to--- A long line!?

Zangya: I know right I've been here for at least 15 minutes

Towa: This is ridiculous I'll just pee on a Demon Realm Tree.

Zangya: May I join you?

Towa: No! I want it private!

(Towa finds a Tree & magically takes off her clothes by using her staff)

Towa: *Starts to Pee while Standing Up* Oh that feels nice *sighs*

Zangya: *starts peeing by surprise* I know right

Towa: *Freaks out & accidentally falls back while peeing* What the hell!? I told you not to come with me and you made me make my own pee puddle! *stops peeing*

Zangya: Oh my I'm sorry *giggles*. I see you were trying to pee naked huh? *still peeing* [Ecchi C18: By the way she is squatting with her pants n' panties down]

Towa: Ew! I can't believe I fell down naked on my own urine puddle!

Zangya: *stops peeing & pulls up pants n' underwear* Hmm maybe I can clean you up?

Towa: How!?

Zangya: Like this *licks Towa around her legs & touching around her thighs*

Towa: Uh? What the--

Zangya: Shh I'll clean you up really good *continues to lick around her legs* (such a bitter yet warm taste *giggles*)

Towa: Ah, oh my, I'm getting wet...

Zangya: I see that you are let me take care of that *chuckles* *licks around Towa's sensitive area*

Towa: Oh my! Please stop, please stop---

Zangya: Oh come on I know you like it *continues to lick Towa's sensitive area*

Towa: *Grabs Zangya's head* Oh yes, oh yes, I'm cumming, I'm cumming! *screams in pleasure*

Zangya: Feel better now? *smiles & giggles*

Towa: Oh my god, what came over me?

Zangya: Well you surely came that's for sure *laughs*

(Towa goes back to her place to wash up, put her clothes back on & continues to work on Mira)

Mira: Well you surely took a long trip to the facilities. Everything okay?

Towa: I'm fine and there was just a long line is all. Now let's finish this up & we'll get a move on.

Mira & Towa finish up preparations for their next plan and are about to gather God Energy from Vegeta & others.

