Locked Up [Chainsaw Man Omorashi]

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-07-30 20:54

“Come on! It’s fine, this demon’s just a fucking building!” Frustration was seeping out of every word of Power’s, she had been jiggling the same door handle, for nearly five minutes. Kicking it, screaming at it, and using various found weapons from the trashed room, didn’t seem to help their situation.

“We’ll be fine, they’ll find us, or we’ll find a way to kill the demon, let’s just...Take a second.” Though her words sounded calm, it was anything but the way Kenobi actually felt, her heart had been running a marathon in her chest for who knew how long, she just didn’t want Power to notice.

They had been in the small bedroom off the side of the main apartment, for what felt like hours, even if it had only really been just one. The room had started off pristine, which was a rarity for them. Of course with Powers' little rampage that didn’t really stay the case for the bedroom for very long.

Desk papers strewn about the room, furniture on it’s side, hell even one plate was broken in half, to useas a shiv in case of emergencies. Discarded now mostly due to how the door repaired itself if Power tried to chip through it with the cheap ceramic.

Power herself, had her jacket around her elbows, and was trying to rip a drawer from the desk, though it didn’t seem to want to open, locked or jammed.

Kenobi had been watching this whole display, her fingers digging into the flesh above her knees, her foot gently bouncing, trying to ignore her body's growing needs, in the hopes her companion ignored it too.

“Why are you just...sitting there?!” The strawberry blonde’s brows were furrowed, Kenobi looking up to meet her eyes, and swiftly looking to the side, too embarrassed to admit...why she didn’t want to stand up, and jerk her body around.

“I...just...it, why do you have to...break everything here?” As if to mask her nerves, and her bodies urdges, she moved to stand, crossing her arms, and looking at the floor, her knees pressing together as she stood. Her bladder felt like it was liable to start hurting, but...For now she was fine.

“I don’t...know uh, how...how long we’ll be in here...you didn’t happen to notice some kind of...o-of bathroom did you?” In response she got a sideways look, the sarcasm in Power’s voice making the black haired girl nearly wince...She couldn’t be more uncomfortable is she tried.

“You’d wanna pee with this fucking demon watching you?” Kenobi shook her head, a pink blush erupting across the bridge of her nose, highlighting her cheek as she scratched the back of her head, shifting from foot to foot, trying somehow to ignore the building urdge, that made her want to bounce like a kid who had to go.

“W-What?! No...I just…was concerned is all, you’re fine too, right?” Kenobi instead sucked in a sharp breath, when the desk chair was lifted, bounced to check it’s weight, then thrown into the window, where it promptly threw the chair back against the opposite wall. Both the chair and the wall coming out of it unscathed, the window didn’t even have a scratch on it.

The nail of the blonde woman tapped on her chin, as she stared at Kenobi. Who tried, and failed to keep eye contact with her, instead looking away, forcing her body to stop moving with the urge to pee. Power instead, moved her hand, and then pointed to the potted plant in the corner of the room. Within seconds that soft blush across Kenobi’s face had turned into a raging bonfire of red.

“What?! You seriously...you’d!? In the...p-plant?!” Even the mention of actually getting to...relieve the knot of warmth in her lower abdomen, made the poor girl have to fight to not give herself away...Her body was begging her just to do it, but in a small space with another person here?! No way.

“Yeah, I’d do it, fuck yeah I would, rather than piss myself like some weirdo little kid.” Power snorted, pacing in the middle of the room, scratching her cheek, seemingly, for now, she had run out of shit to throw at the walls.

“J-Jesus… I don’t understand how you’re still able to surprise me with that sort of thing...” The blush on her face wouldn’t go away, even rubbing her face, subtly, while Power was distracted with thinking. The idea of going in the...plant, embarrassed her, only bringing more attention to the growing feeling in her bladder, the push, the need...the heat. Kenobi had to bite her lip as she moved to lean on the wall by the window, rubbing her arm as she tried to find a way to distract herself from her need.

“Clearly the...throwing stuff route isn’t working...We need to kill this thing, or wait for our friends to...bunker down, make sure we don’t die, sleep in shifts if...i-if we have to.” Her speech lapsed as she felt a twinge, her thighs shifting together, she hoped to god Power hadn’t seen, she’d never hear the end of it.

Power’s own body was starting to hate the way she ignored it’s needs, heat between her thighs, seeming to claw at her inner legs, making the girl groan, in half annoyance. Pushing her thighs together, and running a hand down the back of her left thigh, she hated the need to go, and hated even more so how...Intense holding it could feel sometimes. Her hand gently, absentmindedly traced a finger back up her thigh, as she tried to focus on the conversation at hand.

“Mmm...So we’re screwed, is what you’re saying?” Power said, with another groan, not trying to hide her discomfort, she pushed a hand between her legs, bending forward just a bit, more annoyed with the body’s refusal to let it go.

“What the...Wha-What are you doing?!” Kenobi’s own repression made her notice Power’s obvious display with a face that couldn’t grow anymore colorful. Power raised a brow, giving her a look, as she patted her lower stomach, her brows shooting up at how the twinges of need shot up her stomach, lighting up her spine with need, in an almost amusing way.

“I have to pee Kenobi, you’re the one that brought it up, why so surprised that I have to?” To that Kenobi couldn’t respond, wishing she had the guts to hold herself too, instead she felt the near teasingly warm sensation of just barely...barely holding back her body from just letting it loose down her legs, the very idea making her jerk her head to the side to avoid looking at Power, as if she had been burned.

“Just pee then! Get it over with so we can...fix this...situation.” Kenobi paused, glancing up, pushing a hand over her own mouth as she watched Power...move towards the potted plant.

[KENOBI IS HAVING TROUBLE HOLDING IT IN AS POWER JUST PEES IN THE POTTED PLANT]

Pulling her pants down, Power hooked her forefingers into the sides of her panties, pulling them down and practically flashing Kenobi, who couldn’t help herself. This girl was...just going!! To pee in front of her, and like some indecent pervert she could hardly look away. Power didn’t even have the decency to sit, leaning back over the pot, she moved her thighs apart, then...let herself pee.

It started off slow, a little shy trickle, to make sure none of the urine got on her clothes, but it quickly picked up speed, the sound of hissing, the trickling noise between them in the once near silent bedroom caught Kenobi off guard.

Her hand tensed, squeezing as she couldn’t look away, eyes traveling over soft pink-blushed flesh, spread apart to wet in the old dirt of this shitty apartment building. That wasn’t even the worst of it, Power had the audacity, the nerve...the spine shaking courage to groan in the pleasure of how it felt.

“Ngh~! God that feels good, didn’t realize how long I was holding it in...Damn.” Kenobi pressed her hand closer to her own mouth, watching as the golden liquid dripped down the other girl’s thighs, the sound of it making her own body scream.

Her knees were so tensely locked together, Kenobi was sure if she moved too quickly, she would pass out, collapse, and her body would give out on her. Without meaning to, her eyes squeezed shut, as if she didn’t trust her muscles not to give out on her if she moved. The idea of wetting herself was so humiliating, so near-vile, that she felt sick, though that pleasured groan kept playing in her head, over and over again.

“Kenobi, what the hell’s gotten into you?” Power’s voice seemed distant and far away, as the dark-haired girl peeked open her eyes. Seeing Power’s stream start to end, and her pulling up her skirt. Kenobi groaned quietly, muffled into the palm of her hand.

“I...I-I can’t, Power I can’t...help...” Kenobi’s voice surprised even herself, with the neediness dripping off of every word, her free hand, that had been resting ever so gently on the wall behind her, pressed down, between her legs, giving something for her thighs to press against, her flesh squishing softly, trying to keep her bladder from suddenly releasing all of its contents on the floor.

“W-Woah what do you mean you can’t!? Kenobi, do you have to pee?! How long have you had to pee?!” Power’s voice raised an octave, or two, as Kenobi forced herself to look at her companion, whimpering as her vision blurred, the need to go was so bad, her body was doing anything now to fight it.

“I-I thought...fuck....I thought we’d be out by now but I...I can’t and then you...I-I have to go so bad I can’t...P-Power I can’t take it anymore.” Kenobi felt her face burn hotter than any fire she had bared witness to. She could see Powe’s worry, concern, surprise, all of it was nearly too much for her.

“Please...help me, g-get to the...pot, I can’t do it on my own, I can’t...” Power watched as Kenobi doubled over, seemingly unable to stop herself, looking up at Power, the black-haired girl seemed more than desperate, bladder shy up until the very moment of emergency.

“Fuck! O...Okay I get it, I’ll help! Just, hold it okay, don’t pee on me, alright!?” Kenobi could only manage a pitiful whimper, a nod that hardly counted as one. Power approaching her, Kenobi, only letting out a soft, desperate whine.

“Hurry...h-hurry.” Kenobi tried to edge forward, only to let out a pained cry under her breath, Power moving to brush the tendrils of hair from her face, groaning softly.

“You dork...don’t ever wait this long again, no wonder it hurts! You’re lucky you have me with you, or you’d be screwed.” The strawberry blonde knelt, and easily picked up Kenobi, bridal style in her arms, the girl wincing, taking deep breaths to ignore the growing desperation in her body.

Even Power could tell now, just by looking at her, this girl had been holding it for far too long, her shirt made a graceful bump over where her bladder was in her body.

“I’m...sorry” Kenobi whispered, being set on the lip of the pot, she couldn’t even move to pull down her own clothes, Power moving to kneel in front of her without a second thought.

“Shh dork, you go apologizing to me every time you messed up, I’d stop feeling all cool around you.” Kenobi only nodded to her friend's words, gripping her shoulders as she knelt, unclothing the lower half of Kenobi.

“O-Oh god...oh….” Kenobi’s noises of relief, slightly mixed with pleasure sounded under her breath, her fingers gently digging into the cloth of Power’s button up, Kenobi’s head tilting back as she whimpered in relief, the sounds of her urine hitting the dirt between them, making it a little awkward for poor Kenobi, as Power simply chuckled under her breath.

*002*2021-08-05 05:01

{{3 hours ago, Token said:

Great Story!

}}

Thank you! I heard it was Keobi instead of Kenobi? from someone on archive, but I don't know too much about Chainsawman, and the commissioner seemed to enjoy it! So everything went rather well

