Before "Naruto: Shippuden" - Tsunade's Urgent Nature Call

Author: Guest Super C18,

*000*2020-03-16 00:57

[Time to do something different]

While Jiraiya & Naruto have been training since the left the Leaf Village, 5th Hokage Tsunade decided to take upon herself to train Sakura Haruno so that she can also be on par (or close) to Naruto & Sasuke's strength/skills......

At the Training Fields

Tsunade: So Sakura are you sure you're ready for this?

Sakura: Yes, Lady Hokage! No matter how much your training can be intense I want to be a great Kunoichi

Tsunade: Very well then, let's start with something basic but 'hard' in a way...

Sakura: And that is?....

Tsunade: Run on Water for 2 Hours! With this it might increase your speed.

Sakura: Alrighty then I'll do it *Sakura starts running around the water*

Tsunade: (Hmm... Sakura will become a great Kunoichi in the future maybe she might reach to my level---Hm!? Damn it I need to piss)

*Tsunade see's how Sakura is doing on her first session in training*

Tsunade: (I can't go anywhere right now I need to study her movements to see if she can handle my training but...) *Tsunade slowly moves her hand to touch her Groin Area* (Ugh... maybe it was a bad idea to drink 2 Sake and then drinking 2 Hot Teas in the morning)

Sakura: *breathing* (Lady Tsunade seems distracted for some reason) *breathing* (No matter I must keep going to prove I can handle her training)

1 Hour Later

Tsunade *at her limit*: (Ugh... dammit... I... need... to...) *See's Sakura's feet splashing the water* (I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE!)

Sakura: *breathing harshly* (Man I should catch a break but I must keep... huh!?) *breathing harshly & see what's Tsunade is doing*

Tsunade: *pulls down her leggings/pants quickly & harshly but doesn't bother taking off her panties then sits on grass* Ooohhhh....hmmmm....hhhaaaa *her panties get so wet they get soaked up & a huge yellow stream splashes out that it makes a Steam n' Hissing sound*

Sakura: *Shocked of embarrassment & looses her balance* Ah Crud! *splashes in water*

Tsunade: *sighs in relief & enjoyment* Oh yes that feels so... so good...mmm... *chuckles seductively in a way* Oh my gosh I think I made Sakura lose her concentration

A Moment Later

Tsunade: Sorry about that Sakura *laughs nervously* let's call it a day & try again tomorrow. This time I won't drink Sake in the morning.

Sakura: *sigh's in disappointment* Aye Lady Hokage

[Let me know in the comments below of what you people honestly think, if you liked it check out my previous Fan-Fics if you haven't read them]

$$

*002*2020-03-16 02:11

{{15 minutes ago, Axel S said:

Very nice. Don’t see many Tsunade stories.

}}

Well I'm glad that you liked it and actually wrote something else other than Dragon Ball. Feel free if you're interested in reading my Dragon Ball Omo Fan-Fics.

*004*2020-03-16 06:18

{{1 hour ago, whimp226 said:

Great story. would have like to see some length and desperation

}}

Thanks, I may not be an Artist but sometimes a Story helps build the imagination, may not be the same as actually "seeing" it rather than "thinking" it but hey sometimes stories helps paint the scenes in our heads.

