The beginning

Author: Guest wetguyy10

*000*2017-12-02 14:33

Hi! So I believe this is the right group to post this in lol. Anyway this is basically just the first or hopefully many short stories of some things that I would have found particularly cute and sexy. Fyi. This story includes Maggie and her younger sister April. Maggie is 16 with red hair and pale skin and an average body. April is 14 and has brown hair, brown eyes and again, an average build. (: so here we go!

It's 5am when maggie wakes up needing a pee, she shakes off the urge and falls back asleep. 7am Maggie wakes up and is bursting for a pee! She runs to the bathroom to see that it is occupied by her younger sister, April. Maggie bangs on the door exclaiming she is about to pee in her panties! Right then maggie feels the first drop of pee leak into her white cotton panties. A small spurt follows as she holds herself and stops any more pee from coming out. April then leaves the bathroom as Maggie rushes in and barely can take off her panties in time to use the toilet. After she finishes she examines herself and her slightly damp panties in the mirror. For some odd reason she kinda liked how her panties looked with a wet spot; not bothering to change her panties she heads on to get ready for school.

I hope you liked this (: I know it was short but I'm hoping to post a lot more as well as introducing new characters and kinda share Maggie's experiences through the beginning of a long and wet journey (; please comment!

