Monster energy brings a monster need

Author: Gentleman_95

*000*2024-08-23 21:13

Short description of the story so you know if its your style.

Nath, a role model student in management, and a model employee in a hotel ends up with a night shift the same day she has an important exam. She ends up drinking lots of monsters energy drink to keep awake and her bus going to college ends up late preventing her from using the bathroom before her exam. Will she manage to keep her work uniform dry? Will she pass the exam?

1. The night shift.

First of all Let’s introduce who Nath is. She is a 22 years old, 5 foot 6 inches 165 pounds girl with long auburn hairs, green eyes and a big smile. She is super smart, but also super rigid. Her life is planned, she is not a girl into improvisation.

She also is studying management, but works night and evening shift in a hotel where she hopes she can end up manager after her college and thus pay back her student loans. Never has she missed a shift or arrived late and so when her shitty boss told her she had a night shift the same say she had an important exam despite telling her boss about 15 times before, she had for the first time the idea of saying no, of just not going, but again, she wanted to impress, to be the best employee so she ended up saying yes.

So at 10pm she clocked in, put her uniform, cursed at the pants that were a size too small still after 6 months of asking for a new pair and getting told to « lose weight if its thats bad » and started her shift. Answering the phone, checking in customers, calling the police on a weirdo showing his privates outside for the fifth time this month, but yet always getting bail somehow.

Around 2am it started to get quiet so she began laundry and folding clothes and towels, but also started to yawn all the time. Her bed was calling and it was not taking no for an answer. The problem for Nath was she actually really dislikes coffee. Yeahhh she tried them all, but she never managed to like the taste.

Around 3am she was dead tired, she had to do something. Thankfully there was a vending machine selling energy drinks, monster it was called, she had never tried.

She opened the big jumbo can, « smell pretty good » took a sip and bang she nearly fell on her back. « holy moly that taste good! » and the effects are pretty fast she was boosted and ready to go.

She did not think too much of it and drank the can like she would have drank a bottle of water. Then at 4am she took another one and another one 5am, the end of her shift got hecktic, lots of phone calls, lots of customers asking for the brunch at 7 before clocking out her colleague brought ger another monster after nath could not leave the phone.

Her eyes were wide open, she had ascended, or so she believed. She was high on caffeine like there was no tommorow. She had 3 full cans of monster drank and was sipping the fourth one and she did not have a bathroom break yet. Didnt need to yet, work was too important, but she had to leave soon for her exam and her replacement was getting late…

2. The bus ride.

7 :15, 7 :20 her day shift colleague finally arrived, but Nath had to run to the bus without getting out of her uniform and without a bathroom break. Thankfully she caught the bus, so she could go to the bathroom at school, the ride was 30 minutes, her exam starting at 8 it would be tight, but so long as trafic was not too bad.

Thank god she tought to herself, she never had monster before and she began to notice her bladder was heavier than normal. She could feel her kidney working overtime and her bladder stretch, but also she could feel the pressure of those damn pants a size too small.

She crossed her leg and took a deep breath after the bus hit a big pothole. This was bad, trafic was bad, she was gonna be late if this kept going and the longer the ride took, the heavier her bladder felt.

7 :45 and she was still 10 minutes away, Nath began to realize she could not pee before the exam, she had no time, but she also knew her bladder was getting fuller by the minute, no way could she hold it for 3 hours, hell, there was no way she could concentrate on her exam like that!

Alas, there was no choice for her. The school policy was clear, on exams she had to be there on time and she could not leave the room until she was done with the exam, if you left the exam was noted on what was produced.

She needed those grades if she wanted to be an honor student and have a chance at partial scholarship and remove some of these loans.

She also knew she needed to pee and badly at that.

She was in big trouble.

3. The exam

After arriving late and running as fast as she could Nath arrived to the exam room right as the tutor was closing the door. « young lady you better take a seat right now, you are late. »

She winced as she heard him say the word late. Shameful, she never was told she was late, why now of all time!

The second she sat on the wooden chair, her bladder screamed at being squeezed by her uniform. Curse this uniform she tought, all those drink also didnt help her much now.

She crossed her leg and began working on her exam. « If I finish it quick I can pee faster! »

However after only 30 minutes she was stuck on a question and her focus was beginning to slip away. Her right leg was always bouncing she could not find a confortable spot in her chair. After a while of not progressing she gave up on that question.

Her mind was in quicksand, tired and distracted by her now bulging bladder, she could feel how round it was, everytime she switched in her seat she could feel the liquid slushing inside of her, begging to be let out.

Another 30 minutes passed, her concentration was failing her, all she could think about was how desperate she was. She could not sit still for more than a minute or two, her leg crossed so tight, she was losing blood pressure in her feet. She was only halfway done. « I dont think I can make it, good god I never felt this urge before, its killing me! »

After another 30 minutes of fighting against her bladder she had a flash of desperation « maybe if I explain to the tutor he will let me go? » so she raised her hand, the tutor came to see her intrigued

« Are you all right young lady? Need help understanding a question? »

« No sir » she said sensing her face becoming red « its just… I worked night shift, I drank too much energy drinks and the bus ran late, I just feel like im about to burst, please I need to go pee and come back to finish my exam! »

« oh my lady im sorry, I truly am, but im affraid I can’t do that, the policy is the same for everyone. You will have to either hold it or accept the results of your current work. »

She could almost cry, her last hope, dashed. She lowered her head and said thank you sir and began working again as fast as she could with her mind distracted like it was.

15 minutes later she had to unbutton her pants, the pressure of the waistband on her lower abdomen was too much, it was unbearable.

10 minutes later she had to sit on her heel, trying to put some pressure on her pee hole without having to use a hand. She was praying to be done soon, she could feel her muscle weakening, the pressure in her lower abdomen everstronger, she was about to burst.

Another 10 minutes and she felt a leak, a tiny little dribble of boiling pee had escaped her, she could feel the golden streak going along her small labia and taking refuge in her panties, creating a warm little damp spot against her pussy begging for release.

She froze. What to do? Her entire body was telling her to get up, fast and to go pee, hell! Her mind was also telling her to go, but she still had 2 questions to answer. Could she achieve high enough on her exam without these two questions?!

Whether she could or not, having an accident was just out of the question for Nath, her pride would rather lose out points than the humiliation of peeing her work pants at school in front of everyone.

She took a deep breath, took her exam and stood up to drop it off to tge supervisor. The pressure was immense, getting up nearly made her lose control, she had to freeze and hold tight for a couple of seconds.

She dropped the exam, saw the supervisor mouth move, but could not hear anything, she began walking towards the exit, up the stairs. She could feel all the liquid slushing inside her, pushing on her pee hole, screaming to get out.

Out of the class, the toilets were at the end of the corridor, she could feel it would be a race against her own body. The mind vs the body, she had to find the strenght not to have a full blown accident in the common room.

1 step 2 steps, she felt a spasm, no! She had to make it!

5 steps 6 steps, another wave, this time a second droplet escaped her.

She was seeing the bathroom, a couple more feets separated her from relieving her bladder.

She entered the room, the only stall available at the end of it, of course, she could hear another woman peeing, another was about to wash her hand. She had to put her hand on her privates, this was too much, the sound was too much.

3 steps to go she felt another dribble, this time more than a drop.

2 steps to go, a full on spurt left her, her panties were now damp

She entered the stall, another spurt, she turned around to lock the door, fumbling around with the lock, another spurt escaping her.

She pulled down her pants, panties escaping her shaking fingers, another leak, she had no time she just sat on the throne as the floodgates broke down, she could not even wait to have her ass touching the cold porcelaine. She was peeing a torrent of golden liquid, her streak traversing her now soaked panties and hitting the water hard. She could not help but let out a moan of satisfaction and mutter « oh my god ». After 30 seconds of full pressure she snapped out of it and she heard some giggles outside.

She got all red in the face and yet her streak kept going for another 45 seconds. She must have peed at least a liter!

She removed her panties and threw them in the trashcan, commando it would be for the ride home, at least her work pants were fine.

This little escapade would be her dirty little secret, no one could know how Nath the girl with everything planned nearly got an accident at school.

Thank you for reading hope you enjoyed!

*001*2024-08-27 18:25

Just going to up this since its on page 3 for some reason lol

