Daddy

Author: Guest Shyandwet

*000*2018-06-17 05:34

It started with a prank.

A small one. Sydney had gone into her boyfriends office after his text. Be home in five. Just need to get a bit of work done. Love you.

She hadn't turned on the light, smiling at the lack of overhead in favor for a small desk lamp. A writer, Matt was a sterotype. Write in the dark, drunk from gin. She hitched up her black mini skirt, sitting in her red panties. Then, she let go.

The warmth started in her crotch before she felt the gray fabric absorb it, letting piss sink beneath her ass, uncovered by her thong. It trailed on the backs of her thighs, pooling between them because she held them tight. Thin streaks ran down her ankles, and, in the dark, she imagined the puddles taking form around her ankels. It was her moan that reminded her of her need, feeling her bladder ease as she melted into relife.

He hadn't been in his office for a minute. She hope the seat was still warm. Her panties were, black and wet and warm against her throbbing clit. He found her in the bedroom, rubbing herself through hot, soaked fabric.

Then, he was on her, his hand swatting her away. "Figures," he saigrinninging. "Figures you'd keep yourself all dirty." He pressed his body into hers, shoving her father into the bed as he toyed with her pussy, dipping the tip of his pointer in and out, in and out. "Bad girls like getting dirty, don't they?"

It didn't take long for him to tear away. She had already pulled out what he wanted and laid them on the bed beside her. Dark purple panties--a thong. A pair of bright pink jogging shorts. On the nightstand five 24 ounce water bottles.

Three hours. That was how long she had to wait. Normally, he tortured her, tied Sydney to the bed, legs spread, arms above her head. Tonight, Matt planned to tease her, bringing the water to her lips. "finish it. Show daddy you can be a good girl."

"Yes, Daddy."

Good girls didn't use their days off from work to drink water all day, anticipating this: lying on the bed, hands pressed against pussy. Twenty minutes after soaking the chair, she could feel her bladder refilling. She looked at the water bottles. She was going to have to drink them. All of them.

Good girls held it, until Daddy said they could go.

She had to go.

"Daddy, please?"

"Please what? Use your words baby." his voice was firm in her ears, a fair just position against soft lips and breath against her ear, each nibble shooting sensation down into her clit. It was pulsing, begging for release.

She wasn't going to make it.

"Daddy. I have to pee!"

"Already? You seemed comfortable letting it out on my chair." he pulled away,stripping himself of jeans, the as damp from her. "So much piss. Flooded the chair. You left one he'll of a puddle." gray boxers tented by his hard cock. God, she needed it in her, needed his fingers, hers. She was tempted to slip one inside, but the pressure... She bladder ached, begging against pressure, begging for release.

Half an hour in, her legs were shaking. Matt grabbed the second bottle. He shook it, smiling at the way Sydney's mouth fell open, the way she pressed her thighs together. Nice and soft, he pictured himself between them, feeling the flood of piss and come spraying his face.

Maybe another night. Tonight, he would make her wait.

"Daddy..." She wimpered. But still, she opened her mouth, tilted her chin up as he brought the bottle to her lips. He pulled back once half was gone, and continued to shake the bottle. Splashing water, like the way her piss had splashed puddles against the wooden floor of the office. The warmth that surrounded her pussy and ass.

That was it. The first squirt. Short and strong, her eyes widened at the wetness, and Matt's with them. Then he laughed.

"Going already? Daddy didn't say you could."

"I didn't, Daddy! Just a little leak..."

"A little?" Then he was back on her, his hand down the front of her shorts, replacing hers in holding her pussy. Right finger against her clit, measuring the palm sized wet spot, theater ingredients to seep through her shorts.

Beneath him, Sydney could feel the start of another wave of desperation forming at the top of her bladder, near her stomach. "Please?" She moaned, trying to shove his hands away. He grabbed her wrists tight, with his left hand, pressing them above her head into the mattress. Hands above her head, she could feel her torso strech, and with it, her bladder, the waves of need within, each preparing to slam against her opening.

"Can I even trust you to get to the bathroom? So many accidents today. The chair, your panties. Seems you can't control yourself. How do I know you won't wet the bed tonight?"

"Oh, god." The wave had peaked, and with her tore strechee, her lover between her thighs, unable to be crossee, his hand not secure enough against her pussy. Warmth traveled down her ass, and as Matt pulled his hand away,crept into darkening pink shorts. One second, two, three. Nothing physical to cut the stream, it made its way to five seconds.

"see?" Matt said. Suddenly, his hand was on her thighs. ripping them open. The shock of the movement, her mind froze. Her concentration ceased.

Her bladder relaxed.

"Fuck!" It was a stream, heavy, like the one from earlier. Hands frantic against herself, it took five minutes to stop it, her legs still wide in Matt's hands. Even with her eyes closed, her breath uneven, she could feel him shake his head. "such a bad girl for Daddy." He took her hand, her safeguard from the floodgates begging to be reopened, and guided it be nether her. The sheets were wet. Not damp. Wet.

That's all I got right now. Should I continue?

