Happee birthday!

Author: Gothes

*000*2022-07-03 08:58

It’s a bit of a tradition at Josie’s workplace that whenever somebody is celebrating his or her birthday the last hour of the day will be spend celebrating the person with snacks, drinks and cheerful chatter.

Today, October 22nd, was Josies turn to be the center of attention. It was her 28th birthday and the office was celebrating a little more than usual. She was an important member of the team, much beloved aswell, she deserved a special party even though it didn’t last an eternity. Josie still got out of the office almost an hour after closing time, happy but somehow nervous. The fun and positive energy among her colleagues was so addictive that she didn’t want to leave the room for a quick pee in order to not miss any of the fun. Now however, she drove out of the parking lot with a stinging sensation between her legs.

“I can make it home. It’s only 20 minutes”, she whispered calmly as she drove off. Even though Josie lived on the countryside and it was already dark outside, the road was still busy. Rush hour was in full bloom, lucky for her though, no traffic. Just the usual trucks and and vans that would slow everybody else down. Josie was used to that, but with a bladder filled with what used to be ice tea, beer and juice, the situation changed. Her nervousness was increasing by the minute. The woman began to get angry, shouting at the drivers in front of her to “drive faster for God’s sake”!

Shaking her legs throughout her whole journey she made herself a promise to never leave the office again without peeing first, no matter how full her bladder might be. There was no need to have another torturous drive like this once again. The pain was becoming annoying and her thighs started to burn from pressing against her bladder. She couldn’t even cross them or use her hands for extra support. The woman had to drive carefully, especially under such conditions. There was no need get into a car crash at her birthday.

Luckily, her patience and persistence paid off. Safe and sound, and most importantly, dry, she reached her appartement building.

“Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee!” The woman mumbled as she got out of her vehicle. Bended over in pain she entered the house and ran down the hallway towards the staircase holding her crotch. Unfortunately for her, she couldn’t get far. A door opened behind her and a happy voice tried to get the birthday girl’s attention: “Josie!”

“Fuck!”, she thought while turning around. The woman of course knew who it was and forced a smile while looking at the person. It was her landlord, Sandra, a sweet woman in her mid 50s with whom Josie always had a good and especially friendly relationship with. Usually she didn’t mind having a conversation with the lady, today however was a different story. Josie stopped midway through her run towards salvation and greeted the woman exhausted. The landlord walked up to her with the biggest smile on her face and said: “Oh Josie …” she gave her a big hug “ a happy, happy birthday to you!”

“Thank you, Sandra!” Josie hugged her back, but Sandra was squeezing her so hard that her whole body was pressing against her tenant’s bladder.

“Please let me go!”, Josie thought, but as she already expected, Sandra had no intention to set the woman free just now.

“How are you? Did you celebrate today? Was it fun? Did anyone forget your birthday?” Those were just some of the questions Josie got bombarded with. Politely she tried to answer all of them as quickly as possible. Her desperate urge though got so big that she wasn’t able to properly hide it anymore. Her voice was dying, her eyes weren’t smiling as usual and the jingle of the car keys still hanging from her fingers made Josie’s shaking movements especially obvious. Sandra noticed the woman’s distress and asked, interrupting Josie while she was trying to answer one of her questions: “Josie, are you ok? You seem unwell!”

“I gotta pee, Sandra.” she gigled awkwardly “I got back from the office just now and I really need to use the bathroom!” As she confessed, Josie began to do the pee dance in front of the woman. The truth was out and there was no point in hiding it anymore.

“Oh dear! Oh no! - come inside you can use mine!”

Josie politely refused: “That’s very sweet, but I can make it up to my apartement!”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes - but only if you let me go now”, she joked in a semi-serious tone. Sandra of course didn’t have to hear this sentence twice to immediately let the woman go.

Josie ran up the staircase, breathing heavily as she tried her best to hold her bladder in place. Oh the agony she felt every time she pushed her body up on each step. Once she finally reached her appartement door she grabbed her keys with trembling hands, unbottoned jeans, crossed legs and bent over body. The door eventually opened like the gates of heaven. She entered her apartement out of breath, switched on the light and then suddenly: “SUUUUURPRIIIIIISSEEEEE!!!!”

Appearing from the darkness were the faces of all of Josie’s best friends. Six in total. She didn’t even have time to breath as she got immediately surrounded by all of them singing happy birthday right after the light went on. They took her by the hands and brought the woman along into the kitchen. Walking by the bathroom door while doing so!

“Guys!” Josie tried to get her friend’s attention “Guys, wait - please!” Everyone was to busy singing that they barely payed attention to her friend in need. The narrow appartement and the clumsiness of the people resulted in Josie being pushed back and forth. She felt some drops of pee sliding down her legs and panicky she tried to free herself from her friend’s escort. But in vain.

They brought her into the kitchen where right in the middle, on the dinner table, was a cake, beautifully made and delicious to look at. But Josie, as much as she appreciated the gesture, only wanted to go take a piss. Her bladder was so full, the urge so bad, her muscles so sore that there was only one way out of this misery. As her friends let go of her hands as soon as they entered the room, Josie ran past the table and in a moment of pure delirium and desperation she pulled her pants down and stuffed her bare butt into the sink.

“HAAAPPPYYY BIIIRTHdAyY toO yy-yoO…” Everyone stopped right before the song could find its ending as the thunderous noise of Josie’s piss stream began to hit the alluminum surface of the sink. Surrounded by familiar faces, Josie began to pee with the force of a hundred horses.

“I’m sorry guys! I’m - I’m sorry … aaaaaaah!” Splashes and gushes along with Josie’s moans and sobs were covering up the awkward silence that suddenly spread out into room. Everyone stared at her with a mixture of confusion, worry, and secret excitement. Josie could barely look at them all in the eyes or even say something. With closed legs and a hand covering her crotch she tried what she could to hide the sight of her naked pussy from her friends, mostly the male ones.

The fact that her intense pee stream was not going to end made the whole situation even more uncomfortable. Evetually, as the gush finally turned into an innocent dribble, the woman managed to find some words to say to her stunned friends: “I’m sorry you had to see this! I tried to tell you that I was bursting but you were all so loud.”

Plagued with feelings of guilt her friends apologized one by one as she was still peeing into the sink.

“Can you turn around for a sec?”, she told them once the fun was over. The friends obeyed and she got back on her feet. She took a dirty towel that was hanging from the handle of the oven, wiped herself clean with it and then pulled her jeans back up, feeling as light as never before.

Once the awkwardness had settled, the whole group began to find the humour in the situation, making Josie feel comfortable again and putting an end to this embarassing moment with jokes, laughter and lots of cake.

