A World Full of Adventure (Genshin Impact Short Stories)

Author: Guest JackFrost16

*000*2021-03-27 20:26

Astrologist Mona Megistus pulled the door to her home closed behind her, and stepped out onto the streets of Mondstadt. It was the dead of night, perfect conditions for stargazing. Mona's house was a small one, situated on the the outskirts of the city. Mona was dedicated not to use her talent with astrology to make a profit, and her pride wouldn't allow her to ask for money. Because of this, Mona was usually strapped for cash. It had taken a long time to save up enough to buy her house, but the cozy home was well worth it.

Mona took in a deep breath of fresh air as she started off toward the city gate. The cool breeze rushed past her face, blowing her dark black hair around her shoulders. The plan for the night was to travel a short distance outside of Mondstadt, spend the night watching the stars, and head back into the city as the sun rose. Mona whistled a little tune to her self as she approached the gates. The night was her element and the stars her companions. In her eyes, there was no better time to be out than midnight.

Mona arrived at the gates and was let through a small side door by a guard who looked equal parts tired and bored. Mona was well-known enough within the city to allow her to pass through with out much pause. She thanked the guard and continued on her way. Traveling along the main road that led out of Mondstadt, Mona aimed for a medium sized hill just a mile away. that was where she would set up for the night. Still whistling, Mona walked on, cloak fluttering in the wind.

After about an hours trek, Mona began to scale the hill. It was not a large slope, but still a difficult climb. Once at the top, Mona stopped for a small rest. After about five minutes she stood and began to set up her equipment. As she was pulling out her notebook in order to keep track of her observations, Mona felt a small ache in her abdomen. She frowned and-placed one hand over her stomach. She had needed to visit the restroom before she had left her house, but had forgotten in her haste to get out of the city. Cursing her forgetfulness, Mona finished setting up. Nothing to be done about it now.

About two hours into her stargazing. Mona was cursing herself even more. She now sat writing in her notebook about the measurements she had taken, with one leg crossed over the other. Her need had gotten much worse in the time since she had first arrived on the hill. Mona gazed back at the walled city behind her longingly, knowing that there were plenty of bathrooms there. Mona briefly considered calling it an early night and hustling back to the city, but eventually decided against it. There was still a few more hours of darkness left, and she was confident she could hold on for a little longer.

Another two hours past and Mona knew she had made a mistake. She was constantly jiggling up and down, moving her feet from side to side. The astronomer was now desperate to pee. She quickly made the decision to pack up her things and head back into Mondstadt, hoping it wasn't too late. She spent a good fifteen minutes putting away her equipment, hindered by the need to stop periodically to hold herself in order to avoid leaking. Mona began to make her way down the hill at a snails pace. She was moving with one hand between her legs, one hand holding the strap of her equipment bag. About halfway down the hill Mona paused to consider finding a nice bush and peeing there. It's night anyway. No one is even out here. She thought.

After a moment of deliberation, Mona's pride was too great to go to those extreme lengths. She continued her slow walk. Mona arrived on the main road of Mondstadt as the sun rose above the horizon behind her, illuminating the sky with a brilliant yellow shine. The hour walk that had led Mona to the hill now felt like an eternity. She was hunched over, with one hand perpetually thrust between her legs. Her brown tights chafed against her legs as she walked. About halfway to the gates, Mona let out a small squeak as she felt her bladder spasm. the next moment her hand was hit by a small jet of pee. Mona stoped and shoved both hands into her crotch, not caring that her equipment dropped to the road beside her. After taking a moment to compose herself, Mona was able to determine that it was just a leak. She breathed a sigh of relief. I still have time.

Mona made it to the gates without further incident. She was let in by the same guard as earlier that night. She blushed as he directed a puzzled look at Mona's posture. Fortunately, he didn't ask any questions and let her through quickly. Mona was thankful that the same guard was still there expecting her, though she did fell a bit sorry for him, having to stand at attention all night. Mona hobbled back in the direction of her house as fast as she dared, bracing herself against a worse case scenario.

Mona was able to reach her house without another leak. She stopped in front of the door. As she pulled her hand out form between her legs to grab the doorknob, she felt another stream shoot out of her overfilled bladder. She was forced to shove her hand back between her thighs and bounce form foot to foot in order to regain her composure. She reached for the knob once more and this time was successful in getting the door open. She rushed into the house pulling the door closed behind her. Mona's desperation reached a crescendo as the door slammed shut. She dropped her equipment on the floor and ran for the bathroom as fast as she could.

She wasn't fast enough. Just as Mona reached the bathroom door, her overtaxed bladder gave up. She tried desperately to hold back the tide, but to no avail. Mona was forced to watch in resigned silence as she peed full-force into her pants. The purple fabric of her one piece top darkened around her crotch as pee soaked through the material. Wet streaks formed as urine ran down her legs, darkening any part of her tights that it touched. Mona grimaced at the wet, warm feeling that rushed over her thighs and down to the floor. A puddle formed between her feet, expanding outward as Mona's body continued to empty itself of liquid. After a solid minute and a half, the stream finally abated.

Mona groaned and looked down at her clothing. Her one piece might be able to be saved. It only had wetness directly between the legs and a little around the back. Her tights were another matter. They were stained completely, turned almost black due to saturation. Mona could feel the blush rising on her cheeks as she stared at the puddle on the floor. Even though nobody was around to bear witness to her accident, Mona couldn't help feeling ashamed. Dejectedly, she stripped out of her soaked clothes and entered the bathroom. The toilet sat in the corner, lid up as if mocking her. She stepped into the shower, thankful that she at least was in private. A rueful smile crossed Mona's face. Whether the outcome was good or not, at least it had been an eventful night.

