All in A Day's Work (An Agent Carter fanfic)

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2017-04-06 00:52

So it's been awhile since I've done a fanfic. Mostly because I didn't have any ideas and because I feel I'm not great with stories. I was mostly inspired to write this one because today is Hayley Atwell's birthday and she is one of my favourite actresses. Agent Carter was one of my favourite shows and the show was cancelled way too early. So this is just my attempt at an idea of what if Peggy was desperate on a mission? Hope some people like it. Set during Season 1.

Peggy Carter was walking to her work at the Strategic Science Reserve. A job that she was two minds about being in at every day she headed too it. On the one hand she was serving the country to the upmost of professionalism like she always aimed to do during the war but the way she served was less than satisfying than it was before. Once a person in command of special operations and training recruits she was now reduced to answering phones and getting hot cups of tea and biscuits for the other boys. She was in some respects a glorified secretary one who happened to have elite military training and could beat someone down if necessary.

Arriving and sitting at her desk she layed out her things and made a plan for today as she pulled out a scone to eat which she got from her waitress friend/neighbour Angie at the diner she worked at. Angie always tried to sneak her one on the house when nobody was looking. She was nice like that. She took a swig of water to prepare herself for the long day as Agent Thompson walked by her noticing the scone.

"That's quite a big scone you got there Carter. Careful not to gorge too many of those things." Thompson warned a bit smugly.

Peggy frowned "Well there's no harm in treating one's self every now and then Agent Thompson." Peggy replied not caring about his comment.

"Well your figure is curvaceous but you could stand too lose a bit of weight is all I'm saying and that won't help." Thompson said as he prepared to walk away.

"I'll consider it just as soon as you stop using that chiseled sharp chin of yours as a butter knife. That is what it's for right? Or do you like sticking it out for all to see?" Peggy retorted.

"Look I enjoy these talks but I've gotta go. Chief wants to see me." Thompson said as he walked away from her.

Peggy rolled her eyes as she took another big swig of water. It was her third lot of liquid this morning as she already had two cups of tea one at home and another at the diner with Angie. Finishing her drink Peggy sat back for a moment as she began to feel something down below. She ignored the feeling as she sat about not doing much. With any luck Jarvis might call her and tell her any new leads in regards to Howard's inventions or maybe he'll find himself with a hand caught in the dryer. Anything would be exciting at this point.

A couple of hours passed by into the evening. The day remained pretty uneventful as Peggy had taken one or two breaks in between taking calls and bringing the other men coffee. She almost was tempted to get Thompson a scone maybe loused with nuts or something that maybe he was allergic too but she wasn't sure what he was and didn't want to ask him. Sitting at her desk she felt a pang down below. She had put off the feeling and ignoring it for awhile mostly so she could keep her composure and with any luck she could finish early without needing to take care of it here at all but knew with each passing hour she had a feeling she wouldn't make it.

"Bloody hell" Peggy sighed as she began to get up from her desk. Before she could move further however she saw her other co-worker Daniel Sousa coming out of the Chief's office. Sousa was in many ways like herself an outsider suffering a handicap using a crutch to help himself walk. He respected her as a colleague and friend and treated her with chivalry and respect and despite Peggy's attempts to brush him off not wanting someone to coddle her against the taunts displayed by Thompson and her other colleagues that she could easily dish back against a part of her was thankful he was there too look out for her sometimes and another part of herself found herself attracted to him. But she couldn't admit that to herself as much as she wanted too. Mostly because she still loved someone else. Someone who wasn't there anymore.

Snapping out of her trance and ignoring the feeling below she reluctantly placed herself back down in her seat and sat up straight and looked up at Sousa "Good afternoon Daniel. Is there anything I can help you with?"

"You know I wouldn't ask a favour of you unless I had too. So sorry to say there isn't. I just wanted to see you before I headed out." Sousa answered

"Probably none of my business I'm sure" Peggy said prenteding to feign any interest.

"Well it's basically the same as we've been doing lately where the Chief has speculation that another one of Stark's inventions is being sold off." Sousa said

"Anything related to the possible previous attempts?" Peggy asked as she suddenly felt a need to fidget.

"It could be but there's two possible leads as to where it could be going down. Either at a hotel on Kirby and Jack street or somewhere on Simon Street. That area has been abandoned for awhile. Don't know what could be there" Sousa said confused as he took a glance at Peggy whose foot was tapping "Peggy are you alright?"

"Of course. Why is there a pin sticking out of my hair?" Peggy asked as she felt another pang down below trying to maintain her composure.

Before Sousa could say anything further Thompson walked out of the Chief's office "Come on Sousa. We're checking out the hotel on Kirby and Jack street. Apparently it's called 'The Ritz.'" Noticing Peggy's stance she looked like she was trying to remain defiant but he knew something was up as he noticed her moving "What's the matter Carter? Morning desert not sit well?"

Peggy rolled her eyes "Cream was a bit too put on I'm afraid."

As the two left her desk and hearing nor seeing anyone allowed Peggy to groan slightly as she doubled over and crossed her legs in desperation. She had tried to ignore it throughout the day mostly due to her professionalism and knew she could hold it mostly through the day. The sooner she got things done and the quicker things were handled without any interference than she and everyone else could go home. But she knew it was a losing battle at this point. She really had to pee. She was an Agent of the S.S.R she served her country with professionalism and a strict no nonsense attitude and now she was desperate for the toilet like a little girl and now because she had put it off it was coming back to bite her. Deciding she couldn't wait any longer she left her desk and made a stop at Chief Dooley's office.

"Carter. What are you doing here?" Dooley asked

"Oh I just have to go and take a break and I'll be back to work then. I just felt I had to say it in case you were wondering where I went if you happened to stop by my desk." Peggy said in her nicest fake tone ever as she forcefully smiled trying to hide her desperation as she crossed her legs in desperation behind the door.

"Well go on ahead. In fact would you mind locking up later?" Dooley asked

"Are Thompson and Daniel not back yet?" Peggy asked forgetting her need for a moment.

"They are still out following the lead on the next possible selling of one of Stark's weapons. If they aren't back soon or if they do come back just be sure to lock up at the same closing time." Dooley said as he got up from his desk as Peggy opened the door for him and stood there by it. Noticing the sweat on her face Dooley decided to ask what was up. While he had his doubts about Carter a part of him held a respect for her that he wouldn't admit in front of Thompson or anyone else. He knew of her past exploits and of her determination but a part of him was just worried it could easily get her killed "You okay Carter? There's sweat coming from your face?"

"Just my face?" Peggy asked hoping nothing else was coming out in other areas of her body.

"Yeah..." Dooley began

"Oh right then. Just feeling a little under the weather I'm afraid." Peggy said trying to dismiss his worries "Good night Chief."

"Good night Carter." Dooley said as he left his office and walked past Peggy down the hall. Noting he was out of earshot Peggy allowed herself to double over one more time before she made a mad dash down the hallways to the ladies bathrooms.

Arriving at her destination Peggy didn't look where she was going as she found herself nearly running into the door but stopped herself just in time. Looking up she noticed why it was locked and saw to her dismay "An Out of Order" sign. She then looked over at the Men's for a moment. While nobody was here and she could go in none the wiser she didn't want to go in having a feeling the condition inside was about as pleasant as waking up next to Howard Stark. Realising that the only other bathroom was on the other side of the building which would take too long to get too she began to groan that her options were running out.

"Lovely." Peggy said to nobody but herself as she suddenly heard a phone ring. Hopefully it was a way out of here. Or maybe someone to put her out of her misery. Running over she answered. Who the hell was she kidding? "Hello. Yes? No this isn't hell but it could be."

The voice on the phone however took her complaints to heart and feigned an upset tone "Well if that's how the phone company is going to treat me perhaps I'll take my business elsewhere."

"What do you want Mr. Jarvis?" Peggy sighed forgetting her need for a moment.

"Well one of Mr. Stark's inventions is unaccounted for" Jarvis began

"Several are yes I'm aware." Peggy responded.

"Well there's one now I'm afraid that's being sold at this very moment and I would suggest we go get it before it falls into the wrong hands as they say." Jarvis said

"Yes I'm aware. Thompson and Daniel were sent out on a lead. Said it was either in a hotel on Kirby and Jack Street or somewhere on Simon Street. They went to the first one saying Simon Street was abandoned and didn't have any areas to possibly go too." Peggy explained again surprisingly keeping any signs of desperation shown through her voice down.

"Well somewhere abandoned could be a more logical place to draw less attention. Perhaps there might have been a warehouse there forgotten about?" Jarvis surmised

"Then let's see if it isn't abandoned so I can bloody go home." Peggy said snapping a bit as she crossed her legs

Noticing the bite was there in her voice more than usual Jarvis while knowing it was a lost cause to get her to admit what was exactly wrong decided to ask "Trouble at the office Miss Carter?"

"As if there never is trouble Mr. Jarvis. Just hurry up" Peggy said as she hung up and looked around. With any luck if they got this mission over with quick she could get Jarvis to drop her back to her apartment. Miriam her landlady had been buying her excuses for being home late but a part of Peggy wondered if the old woman was speculating more. With any luck she could get in and use the downstairs toilets as she had a feeling she wouldn't make it to her room. She then dismissed those feelings as she tried to ignore her need just a little while longer.

Some time passed as Peggy and Jarvis were now in the car driving to the destination. Both were pretty quiet as Peggy was looking out the window in an attempt to distract herself as she had to avoid trying not to move lest Jarvis notice her plight. She tapped her foot a lot though as he glanced over a few times. Part of her wondered if he knew but given what Jarvis had been through probably during the day and his outlook on life he could have been thinking about anything at the moment. Debating whether or not she needed to go to the loo was probably on the bottom of those concerns.

As the silence continued to be awkward Jarvis finally broke it "Okay well if we don't want to talk about what's bothering us than perhaps we'll put some music on?" Peggy didn't give him any kind of glance. "Right then"

Jarvis turned on the radio and much to Peggy's dismay rather than any music what was currently on the radio was the "Captain America Adventure Hour" the half hour radio show dramatising Captain America's adventures. If by adventures they meant practically getting the history wrong and watering it down for a demographic that probably was smarter than this but the people making this show didn't believe that. Although her annoyance for the show mostly came from rather somewhat selfishly means some could say in how they portrayed her as a damsel in distress named "Betty Carver." Between listening to this and having to explain to Jarvis why she wasn't speaking with him she decided listenting to the former for more than 5 minutes was more embarrassing.

"If you shut this tripe off I'll explain why I've been reluctant to talk." Peggy said as she started to sound a bit desperate.

"Oh you want wish to make conversation willingly that's a first." Jarvis said sarcastically.

"Just stop this car before you need to clean up a mess of mine and not Howard's." Peggy said with a slightly stern tone as Jarvis raised his eyebrow in confusion and compliyingly stopped the car and turned off the radio.

"So what's troubling you Miss Carter?" Jarvis asked

Peggy hesitated as she began to try and explain. God this was embarrasing she thought. The only thing she was glad of was that Sousa nor Thompson were around. "We all have needs Mr. Jarvis. And some times those needs become a bit overwhelming and while you want to try and avoid them for awhile to maintain a sense of professionalism. Eventually you quickly find out it's best not to avoid them so lest you find yourself in a sticky situation." Peggy tried to explain.

Jarvis was still confused "I'm very sorry Miss Carter but I'm afraid I don't follow."

"These needs are very important. We do them everyday. And if we don't do them soon a mess could be made in a very expensive car. One the butler would have to clean up" Peggy tried to explain more bluntly gritting through her teeth.

Jarvis was about to say something before Peggy just outright said "I need to use the bloody loo!"

"I knew that" Jarvis responded as he looked at Peggy who was trying not to hold herself.

"I've held it in all day. Didn't use the toilets. Not that it would do me any good since they were out of order." Peggy said sadly.

"Well as much as I would like to help you Miss Carter. I'm afraid we have something else to attend too." Jarvis interrupted

"Mr. Jarvis I just told you something so embarrassing I wouldn't dare share with anyone else. What else could you bring up to ignore this?" Peggy said trying not to show desperation.

"We've arrived at Simon street. My assumptions were correct. There is a warehouse over there." Jarvis said pointing to it.

Noticing her discomfort Jarvis began to sympathise "We could go drive around and find a possible place with a bathroom first Miss Carter."

"Look I promised Howard I would clear his name Mr. Jarvis. And I'm not going to stop doing that just because a part of my body needs to empty itself. If with any luck we could have this done in record time. Let's go" Peggy said as she ignored her need further.

"If you insist." Jarvis said reluctantly.

Sneaking into the warehouse Peggy moved about trying to find her criminal all the while trying not to show her need which was beginning to decline physically in terms of holding herself together. She noticed a small device just placed on a ledge waiting for her. Probably a trap but she was willing to take anything that was just handed to her at this point. Moving over she grabbed the device as she then heard gunshots firing about as she ran behind a wall as the shots stopped firing. She breathed in and out trying to keep herself from possibly leaking out. Moving out she spotted a man on a ledge as he jumped down to confront her.

Speaking in the same voice synthesiser she had heard before indicated that this man was a member of Leviathan. He could maybe a lead. "We were expecting you to come. You've become quite a problem for us"

"Well I'm glad I gave you something to look forward too." Peggy said trying remain defiant.

"We can't let you leave." the man said

"Then maybe you shouldn't leave things laying around. Chances are people will tend to take it. Be it a sandwitch, a cake or a highly expensive potentially dangerous device built by one of the most arrogant but brilliant minds of our time." Peggy said having a feeling the man did this for a reason.

"You fell for our trap to lure you here. Now you will die." the man said as he ran towards her.

Peggy sighed as she relaxed herself. This was going to put a strain on her. Well more than usual. The man swung a punch at Peggy as she fought back dodging his blows all the while trying to clench her muscles to prevent a potential leak as she felt some sneak down her leg. Quickly realising she would have to end this before she had an accident she avoided an attack before she grabbed the man and grabbed him by the neck and held him in place as she smashed him down on the ground as he groaned in pain. Clenching herself to remove any potential leakage she relaxed as she stood over her adversary triumphantly. Checking the damage thankfully it wasn't much but she knew she wouldn't be able to hold it forever. Best get any potential information and get the device to Jarvis and then get him to drop her off somewhere. At this point she would take a truck stop bathroom rather than wetting herself.

"If your next words are 'Leviathan is coming' than I would suggest not saying. Give me new information or your location is revealed to the S.S.R." Peggy threatened.

The man knowing he would be found out if captured and wanting to protect his employer's plans but also knowing the price of failure grabbed Peggy's hand which had her gun placed in it as he pointed it at his head as she tried to grab him to let go but found herself being distracted by her bladder as she tried to double over "Leviathan is coming"

And with that a bang was heard as the man willingly pulled the trigger as he fell down dead from a gunshot wound to the head. Stepping back in shock Peggy could have let herself leak there before Jarvis called her on the walkie talkie as she clenched her bladder muscles "Miss Carter is everything alright?"

"No worse than usual. I'm on my way out." Peggy said reluctantly feeling bad she didn't succeed in learning more about Leviathan.

"Are we still in one piece?" Jarvis asked

"Couple of scratches but nothing a bit of rest and your handy work can't fix." Peggy said

"Why I appreciate that you are willing to accept my help in stitching you up this time I was referring to our other problem. Our water problem." Jarvis said trying not to sound like he was teasing her though the tone in her voice made him feel he shouldn't have said anything.

"Just get me home or somewhere I can plop on the toilet now before I bloody explode." Peggy said not caring anymore how embarrasing the situation was.

"Duly noted Miss Carter." Jarvis said

After driving in the car for a bit Jarvis decided as he looked over at Peggy who was still to her credit hanging on that stopping at her apartment building would still take awhile to get too and his house was closer he made the fastest drive he could there. Finally they stopped outside his home as Peggy looked at the neighbourhood house confused "While normally I wouldn't mind a trip to the suburbs I kind of am almost ready to blow a gasket here."

"That's my home. Bathroom is the first room as you enter through the home on the right. A spare key is under the mat" Jarvis said revealing their real reasons for coming here.

Peggy allowed herself to smile at his sincerity and willingness to look out for her this time "Thank you Mr. Jarvis."

As if she was a runner in the Olympic games Peggy practically ripped open the seat belt and opened the car door as she made a mad dash to the front door as she danced on the spot and picked up the key from under the map as she it put into the door her hands shaking as she successfully opened it and ran inside and opened the door on the right and entered the bathroom. The toilet was practically inviting her to sit on it as she ran towards it and pulled down her slightly wet pants skirt and panties and plopped herself on the toilet as she allowed the floodgates to finally open and empty.

Peggy sat there for what felt like ever as she sighed happily in relief. Finally after a few minutes she felt the stream slow to a trickle and stop. Taking a piece of toilet paper she wiped herself as she stood up pulling up her skirt pants and panties as she flushed the toilet and slowly walked out to see Jarvis standing there with his back turned.

"You can turn around now Mr. Jarvis. Besides it's not like you were watching. Because I would have stopped you before you even could attempt to do so." Peggy said as Jarvis turned around.

"A woman's privacy is something that I try to uphold to Miss Carter even if she doesn't ask me to give it." Jarvis said

"Fair enough. No mention of this to Howard. Because if you do then I'm afraid I won't make you sleep right for a week." Peggy threatened.

"A butler's secrets are forever his own." Jarvis answered with a smile.

"Now. Please take me home. With any luck maybe Miriam won't question me too much if I can get back to my room fast enough and bring down these clothes to make it look like I was doing some late night laundry." Peggy said as she tried to hopefully avoid her strict landlord hoping she wouldn't catch her being out this late.

Jarivs opened the door as Peggy walked to the car. While Peggy didn't see it Jarvis gave a slight wave and nod to his wife Ana who was in the kitchen having heard them come in but knowing Peggy needed privacy kept her distance.

THE END.

So yeah that's that. Probably not very good I know but you can feel free to comment on it if you so wish and let me know what you think.

*006*2019-07-07 19:07

{{4 hours ago, Exodiuss said:

Nice one, the only agent carter fanfic i could find tho

}}

I made this story on my previous account before I deleted it. I don't think I'm good at writing but I'm glad you liked the story. You should write your own story if you're interested in seeing more.

