(Commission) Selling: ($35+) Personal Fanfiction NSFW, & SFW, No Length Cap, Rush Orders Avaliable!

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-07-14 20:41

My name is Feather and I am a freelance writer.

I am best at fiction, specifically romantic and NSFW fiction about specialized kinks, as well as romantic stories that make everyone in their realm of desires enjoy themselves! I am incredibly open minded when it comes to kinks, with only two major exceptions listed below. I also have experience writing many kinks, the main ones being Omorashi, Scat, Foot Fetish, as well as Micro/Macro.

I also ghostwrite, with no additional charge incurred, so if you’re looking to publish a book in your name but don’t have the time come to me and I’ll help you out!

Self insert fiction with pop culture icons, NSFW with anything you want, or simple romance for people not interested in sex! Nothing is held back, and I want to write for you!

Please ask me for the link to my Archive of Our Own if you'd like examples, that is where I post every commission that I am given permission to post.

[Pricing]

- 2 cents per word, this means that 1,000 words is 20$.

(Right now I have a minimum requirement of at least 35$ spent, I apologize if this causes inconvenience.)

- Revisions, extras cost an additional 15$

[What to Expect]

- When you order I work out a rough outline based on information you give me, I can send in the outline to be checked.

- After the outline I turn it into a rough draft, which I can send to you to be checked.

(Please note that you get one free revision, if you do not communicate what you want for the first re-write if anything is wrong, that is not my fault.)

- After the rough draft is a final draft, which can be sent to you as a PDF, a word document, or both.

[Timeline]

- Rush Orders are available and it is double the price to get it in a day or less.

- It’s very hard to pin down writing into a timeline, but we can hash it out privately very easily.

[Exceptions to What I Will Write]

- Non-Consensual sexual actions are under no circumstances accepted.

- Underage people participating in sexual acts will not be done.

[Contact Me]

Email: [email protected]

Discord: Harpy#9737

*002*2021-07-16 00:19

{{7 hours ago, Token said:

Tried to contact you via discord your DMs aren't open, sent a Friend request as well.

}}

Thank you for bringing this to my attention, it'll be fixed, for now I've accepted the friend request I've received whenever you get a free moment to respond.

*004*2021-07-16 18:04

{{8 hours ago, Subaru said:

...on discord and sent friend request. same issue as the previous user

}}

I looked into this, and from what I can tell, allowing people to directly DM without being in a mutual server or friends, is not available on discord at the time of me posting this.

I will accept all friend requests I can, as well as accepting DMS on Omorashi.org itself, and email as well. I wish I could go around this, but it seems like my hands are tied. I apologize for the inconvenience.

*005*2021-07-19 21:15

Bump

Bump

Bump due to recent post

Bump due to another omorashi story post

Bump

Bump

Bump due to recent post

Bump due to luggage cost

Bump

Bump

BUMP

Bump

