Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - ChiChi Gets Pissed

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-20 23:15

Ever since Gohan defeated the menace Cell peaceful times came by & ChiChi had a new son named Goten while Goku wasn't around. ChiChi decided to train her son Goten when he turned a little older.

ChiChi: Okay Goten it's time to teach you some moves again.

Goten: But shouldn't I still continue to do my homework, Mom?

ChiChi: Sure but it would be nice to have another strong member in our house while he's smart. Come on stop what you are doing just for 15 minutes and then go back to work.

Goten: Ok then Mommy.

ChiChi: (Oh I need to use the restroom oh I can hold it just for a while)

[ChiChi & Goten go outside to train]

ChiChi: Get Ready Goten! (I hope I don't wet myself)

Goten: Alright Mom!

ChiChi: Get Ready! Get Set! GO!

[ChiChi & Goten starts fighting by using Basic Techniques & Counter-Attacks in a Flash]

ChiChi: (Wow he's catching up! Goku would be so proud of him! Eh my bladder is bothering me, don't lose focus woman!)

[ChiChi strikes, Goten dodges, ChiChi flips upward, Goten flips backward, Goten heads for a straight attack, ChiChi heads for a straight attack as well]

ChiChi: Here I come Son!

[Goten suddenly turns into a Super Saiyan while going for a strike]

[Surprised] ChiChi: *Yells* Wuh!? (*Gets Hit* *Falls Back* *Starts to Wet Herself a Bit*)

SSj Goten: Mom, what's wrong?

[Shivers] ChiChi: (*Wets Herself Much More Like a Puddle*) *Cries & Yells* No! Not another monster in the family! (Also I wet myself as an older woman)

SSj Goten: Monster? Where?

ChiChi: Goten you are never allowed to turn into a Super Saiyan do I make myself clear!

SSj Goten: Super Saiyan? *Looks at his reflection from his Window* Oh? Okay then Mom I won't. Is it me or did you wet yourself?

ChiChi: Yes, Goten I did now I'm going back inside the house to clean myself up.

[Turns off Super Saiyan] Goten: I should go back inside to do my homework before my Mom gets even more mad.

(Note: This is more of an Extended Version of Goten's flashback when he 1st turned into a Super Saiyan not a Flashback the way I'm telling it but you get the idea)

Please Give me an Idea for the Next Chapter (NonCanon stuff included)

*002*2017-09-21 00:16

{{39 minutes ago, poads said:

Thank you for writing these.

I wouldn't mind seeing GT Pan.

}}

Well I'm glad that you enjoyed reading one of my Fan Chapters. I'll keep that GT Pan in mind. Also your welcome.

*005*2017-09-21 14:05

{{8 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Hmmmm... I can't think of any more. I figured Pan would be next, but I never watched much GT.

Only ones I could think of are Maron (Krillin's ex-girlfriend), Zangya (from Bojack Unbound), and Frieza (because he's so feminine, but he's never wearing anything and he doesn't seem to have a cock or anything else he could piss with so you'd have to stretch quite a bit with him)

Other than that, that's all the major female characters of Dragon Ball Z

}}

I don't think we should count Feminine Male Alien Characters like Frieza that'll be too weird for my taste also I don't think Frieza's Race ever pees come to think of it.

*006*2017-09-21 14:13

{{8 hours ago, poads said:

He could do Bulla (Bra) and Fasha. Actually, those would be pretty hot now that I think about it.

Edit: Also Mai from Dragon Ball Super could be an option. And don't forget Caulifla and Kale.

If he really wants to use all the DBZ females, there's Mrs. Briefs. After that, he'd probably have to start reusing characters, use extremely minor characters or move on to a new series.

}}

Okay then for NonCanon/Filler characters like Pan GT, Bulla GT, Zangya, Princess Snake, & Maron are possible for me to write some Omorashi Stories but if that's the case I am going to be calling the series "Dragon Ball Omorashi: Lost Chronicles" since this particular series is focusing on the Canon Material.

Mai, Caulifla, & Kale are going to be a bit tough honestly but I think I can manage. Extreme Minor characters like RanFan can be possible as well.

So what I am going to do is make a list of Characters on two different series in order so I can think of a story. I think some of the stories will involve 2 Female DB Characters instead of just 1 Female DB Character.

*008*2017-09-21 16:00

{{44 minutes ago, poads said:

@Ecchi C18 XXX Just curious have you seen much of Dragon Ball Super? There's plenty of content to work with for Mai, Kale and Caulifla. And yes, using 2 characters in one story would be a great idea.

}}

Yes I have really and I avoided watching the Rewrite Sagas of the Movies. Luckily I started watching from the Universe 6 Tournament Saga to the Universal Survival Saga. I also have been reading the DB Super Manga from time to time being. The Manga is way better in my opinion.

