Hannah`s Birthday Weekend - Page 3

Author: Gemmy

*050*2020-08-15 10:26

Chapter 16

Her legs immediately started bouncing as she sat down in the back of the taxi. In the five minutes that had passed Kayleigh could only focus on her quickly growing need to pee. When the taxi had pulled up she was so glad they no longer had to stand around waiting. At least now they were heading back and it wouldn’t be long till she reached her room and got to relieve her aching bladder. Her friends climbed into the taxi too and once they were all in Mike told the driver their destination and they set off.

“Just a few more minutes” she told herself, squirming gently on the seat as waves of need washed over her. She had definitely tipped from bursting into being desperate and was really having to hold back to keep her knickers dry. She was just glad they just had to drive along the promenade, just a straight run and at this time of night there was little traffic so it should only take a few minutes. She was also glad she had decided to wear her skirt. Had she been wearing jeans they would have been tightly pushing against her bulging bladder, at least her skirt had some give to it. She moaned softly to herself as a spike of desperation hit her and squeezed her legs tightly together to ease the sudden surge of pressure.

“God why does this stretch have so many traffic lights” she thought as they stopped again at a red light. Each stop only lasted about 20 seconds but it seemed so much longer to Kayleigh who could only think about reaching the hotel and getting to the bathroom. The pressure between her legs kept growing in intensity and her pussy was tingling like crazy from clenching her muscles tight. She tried to take her mind off it by admiring the array of lights and props along the promenade in all the arcades. They really had gone all out and Kayleigh loved it. She really couldn’t wait to see them all up close and check out all of the awesome arcades. But that would be tomorrow evening. Right now she really couldn’t wait to pee.

It took about five more minutes and a bunch more red light stops until they reached the Amusement park and Kayleigh knew they were just after there. At least now they were past the main hub so there were no more lights and crossings to contend with. Just a straight drive to their hotel and sweet relief lied just beyond. When they pulled up outside Tom fished out his wallet to pay the driver and as he was sitting counting out the fare from his loose change Kayleigh just sat there urging him to hurry up, wanting to shout out that she felt like she was going to start leaking any second.

Finally he handed over the fare and opened the door to get out. One by one her friends got out of the taxi and finally it was Kayleigh's turn. She shuffled along the seat and stepped down onto the pavement. The sudden jolt of jumping out of the taxi caused her to lose concentration for a moment and a couple of drips escaped into her knickers. She quickly clenched her muscles again, thankful it was only a couple of little drips and nothing worse. They set off towards the hotel and upon entering they stopped in the foyer and started making arrangements for the following morning. Kayleigh was happy with whatever arrangements they made, she just wanted them to make them quickly so she could go up to her room and pee. She gently squirmed trying not to make it too obvious to everyone that she was nearly wetting herself.

They decided to aim to meet up in the hotel bar at 9am then they could grab some breakfast and then head down to the amusement park. If they got there early they could have all day there. They all agreed that was a good idea and set to go off to their rooms. Kayleigh quickly followed along and went and pushed the button for the lift. Mike and Lucy said goodnight and set off up the stairs, followed by Claire. Kayleigh turned her attention to the lift, urging it to hurry up. Eventually it pinged and the doors opened up. The three of them got in and Tom pushed the button for their floor and asked Kayleigh which floor she was on. She told them and he pushed the button and the doors closed.

The lift began ascending and Kayleigh squirmed, longing to break out pee dancing but not wanting to show herself up in front of her friends. The lift seemed to take forever and finally it reached the first stop. When the doors opened Tom and Hannah stepped out and wished Kayleigh goodnight and Hannah once again thanked her for helping organise the surprise for her birthday. Kayleigh smiled and told her she was welcome and stood listening as Hannah gushed about their friendship. She was happy Hannah was happy but internally she just kept wishing Hannah would finish and say goodnight so she could get to the bathroom. It was alright for her, she had peed on the beach, she wasn’t the one with a brimming bladder ready to burst.

With a final goodnight Tom and Hannah set off towards the room leaving the doors of the lift to close and continue its journey. The moment the doors closed Kayleigh was along and no longer cared. She started dancing on the spot and slid her hand up her skirt, pushing against her pussy through her knickers to help ease her need. God she needed a wee and if this lift didn’t hurry up she was in danger of flooding it. When she reached her floor she removed her hand and the pressure suddenly shot back and pee trickled into her knickers. She squeezed her legs and then set off towards her room. 

The little trickle had only been small but it had broken the seal and made her need so much more intense. As she reached her room she realised she had to fish her card out of her bag and she stood dancing on the spot, crossing and squeezing her legs as she fished around in her bag, looking for the key card that would grant her the relief she desperately needed. Another trickle dampened her knickers and she gave herself a quick squeeze, she wasn’t sure if it helped or not but it felt good and eased the pressure, if only for a moment.

She found the card and shoved it into the door, praying it would work and to her delight the light turned green and the door opened. She dashed inside, throwing the card back into her bag and quickly throwing her bag onto her bed. She assumed Claire must still be talking to Mike and Lucy as she kicked off her shoes under her bed and turned to the bathroom. Her bladder pulsed in reaction as she moved towards the bathroom. It was like each step towards the toilet made her bladder pulse harder, knowing relief was so close. She reached out and turned the handle, colliding with the door as she pushed against it.

“Oh hey Kay” she heard Claire say from inside.

“Sorry Claire, I didn’t know you were here” Kayleigh replied, crossing her legs. “Will you be long?”.

“Not much longer” Claire replied.

“Okay, try not to be too long babe, I really need a wee”. Shouted Kayleigh, emphasising the “really”. She moved away from the door and headed towards the balcony. She stepped outside and stood squirming as she leaned on the railing admiring the view. It was a lovely view that she would have loved to take in had she not being preoccupied with the fact she was almost weeing herself. The simple fact she had reached the bathroom only to be denied had made her need seem so much worse. Like her bladder was punishing her for offering relief and then taking it away.

She stood stepping from foot to foot, desperately squeezing her pussy each time waves of desperation hit her. Suddenly a leak escaped and shot into her knickers. She pushed against her pussy hard to stop any more leaks. All she could do was stand there, crossing her legs, squeezing her pussy and moaning to herself that she needed a wee and begging Claire to hurry up. Finally Claire appeared next to her and without saying a word Kayleigh spun around and dashed through the room to the bathroom.

As she dashed in she wasted no time in tearing down her knickers and pulling up her skirt. She started peeing before she even sat on the toilet and let out a huge sigh as she started gushing hard. God it felt so good to pee. Her whole body shivered with relief as the pressure lifted and her bladder emptied with force. She found herself panting with how good it felt and sat there enjoying the wonderful feelings washing over her body. Eventually her stream died down and she sighed happily. She kicked off her knickers and picked them up. Thankfully they weren’t too wet and she placed them on the sink whilst she wiped herself dry and washed her hands.

As she came back into the room Claire was still out on the balcony so Kayleigh took the opportunity to get changed into her pyjamas and then went and filled the kettle to make a cup of tea. She asked Claire if she wanted one and once the kettle had boiled she made two cups of tea and joined Claire on the balcony to enjoy the view and the sound of the waves.

*055*2020-08-17 10:42

Chapter 17

“Tell me about your day”.

It was something Kayleigh had heard thousands of times before but it always made her smile. Her day always ended with talking to Matt when she got into bed. Usually she would video chat with him but as she was sharing the room with Claire she couldn’t do that. They would just have to message. She had sat outside with Claire for a while whilst she drank her cup of tea and when they had finished they had come inside and were now laid in bed watching TV. She had messaged Matt telling him she was getting into bed, as she did every night and he had responded asking to hear about her day. It felt weird not calling him but she was still happy she got to talk to him and tell her about her day like she did every night.

She started sending messages detailing everything that she had done that day and the things that had happened and she realised why she enjoyed video calling so much. Typing everything out was taking her so long but she was excited to tell him everything so she didn’t mind too much. By the time she had reached the present and sent the message “and now I am lying in bed watching TV, looking forward to tomorrow” 20 minutes had passed. She read his response and then asked him about his day. 

As she read his messages as they came through she noticed her bladder wanting attention. The rest of the wine was catching up to her and she was quickly filling up but she was too preoccupied with talking to Matt to care. She read about his day, smiling as she felt the warm feeling she always felt when talking to him washed over me making her feel relaxed and content. As she responded to his last message she was about to head to the bathroom and pee as her need was growing quite fast. As she went to get out of bed her phone pinged with another message and as she read it she started squirming.

“You know it’s a shame you are sharing a room with your friend because I know how much you enjoy your bedtime tasks”.

Kayleigh read the message over and over, each time her body responded. It never ceased to amaze her how such simple words could have such an effect. Usually after she had told him about her day and they had talked he would give her fun tasks to do. Touching herself, teasing herself, edging herself. He would give her instructions on what to do, how to do it, what toys to use. She usually spent all day wondering what he would have her do and loving the variety of things he asked of her. She suddenly wished she was at home in her bed, video calling him and listening to his deep growling voice give her commands. She squirmed as her pussy throbbed at the thought, wanting that attention so badly.

She messaged back saying how badly she wished she could play for him. She waited in anticipation as she watched the dots showing he was typing. When his message popped up she squirmed even harder. “Well I guess I will just have to tell you what I would have you doing for me if you could”. She read that line in her head over and over. Then the messages started. Each message detailing what she would be doing for him if she was alone. Reading each message made her body ache with desire, causing her to gently stroke her fingers across her skin and moan softly under her breath. She was just glad she was under her duvet so Claire couldn’t see her squirming.

She loved each message and read it multiple times, letting his words run through her mind and drive her crazy. She suddenly squirmed for a different reason. She was really starting to need a wee. The wine and the cup of tea were rapidly filling her up and in the short time between her deciding to go pee and being distracted to now she had quickly gone from needing to pee to being absolutely busting. She wanted to go and pee but she couldn’t take herself away from his messages. She never wanted them to stop, she was loving the way he was teasing her.

As the minutes passed the messages kept coming and her arousal continued to grow but so did her need to wee. She was no longer sure whether her squirming was because she desperately wanted to touch herself or because she was getting desperate for a wee. She was so caught up in her own little world she had completely forgotten about Claire laying in the bed next to her and only realised when Claire made a comment about something on the TV. Kayleigh turned around to look at her and asked what she had said. Claire repeated herself and Kayleigh responded. Now she was looking at Claire she noticed she was jiggling as she sat in her bed. She wondered what was wrong and between the messages from Matt she kept glancing at Claire, watching her moving around and looking agitated.

As she looked she realised she was making similar movements to herself. Maybe she needed to pee. But if she did why didn’t she just go. Maybe she is just waiting till the programme finishes, that had to be it. Thought Kayleigh as she turned her attention back to her phone and the new messages that had popped up. She slid a hand between her legs and gently pushed against her pussy through her pyjamas. The pressure from her bladder was getting more and more intense and her hand was helping. At least that is what she told herself. Her hand was helping with her need to pee but she also just wanted to feel some kind of contact with her needy pussy.

She heard music and looked up at the TV and saw the credits of the programme they had been watching rolling up the screen. She expected Claire to jump up and head to the bathroom but she just stayed there, still squirming and fidgeting. Maybe she didn’t need to pee after all. What was wrong with her.

“You alright Claire?” she asked, nodding her eyes towards Claire’s legs shifting and wiggling.

Claire laughed and said “Oh...yeah I’m good, just getting really desperate for a piss”.

Kayleigh looked at her confused and asked “Well why don’t you go then?”.

Claire smiled and said “Oh I will do soon, I was waiting for the show to finish, now it has I will go in a few minutes”.

Kayleigh continued looking at her puzzling as to why she didn’t just go now. The show had finished which is what she had been waiting for and she was clearly bursting judging by her movements so why was she still sitting there. She was bursting for a pee but she was sitting there because her arousal and need to be a good girl for Matt was keeping her there, she didn’t want to leave in the middle of his amazing messages. She had a reason, what was Claire’s?.

Claire could see Kayleigh looking at her confused and said “When you are desperate to pee don’t you ever just put it off until you are really desperate before you go just to enjoy that feeling of relief?. Kayleigh processed what she had just said. Sure peeing when you were really desperate for it felt great but she had never purposefully not peed for that reason. There were plenty of times in her normal life where she didn’t pee for ages because she was working or she was in traffic or out shopping but she hadn’t put off going on purpose, it was just her being distracted by other things. Like right now with Matt.

“Can’t say I have” she replied, watching Claire squirm.

“More fool you” replied Claire “that feeling when you finally piss after waiting for ages is almost orgasmic, so occasionally when I really need to go I will wait a while until I absolutely have to go before I go to the bathroom. It feels incredible when you do that”.

Kayleigh couldn’t believe it, why would someone do that. Put yourself through the torture of holding you bladder just to get a good feeling when you finally peed. It seemed like a strange thing to do, something she had never heard of before. She just couldn’t comprehend why you would do that. Then she started giggling to herself. Putting something off to intensify the feeling when you finally did it. That is exactly what she did with her orgasms. Teasing and edging for days, weeks, months. Making herself really desperate for that release and loving the intensity of it when it finally happened. Having Matt deny her orgasms certainly made them so much more mind blowing when she was allowed them. Suddenly Claire didn’t seem so weird for doing that. She would be a hypocrite if she thought otherwise.

She turned back to her phone and messaged Matt telling him the effects his messages had had on her, all the while focusing on her desperate need to wee. It was getting really bad and she knew if she didn’t go soon she would end up wetting the bed. Suddenly Claire jumped up and dashed towards the bathroom. Kayleigh squirmed as she heard a loud gushing stream and Claire moaning in relief. She certainly did sound like she was enjoying it. Her own bladder pulsed at the sound and she grabbed herself between her legs to stop herself from leaking. She quickly messaged Matt telling him she really had to pee and would be right back and jumped out of bed. She stood dancing on the spot as she listened to Claire peeing and was glad when she finished and she heard the toilet flush.

When Claire came out of the bathroom Kayleigh smiled at her and asked if she had enjoyed that. Claire nodded and told her it had felt so good. Kayleigh laughed and walked past into the bathroom herself. She quickly pulled down her pyjama bottoms and sat on the toilet. Sighing loudly as she started peeing. She had to admit the feelings washing over her did feel incredible. Maybe Claire was right about it feeling so much better. Or maybe it just felt so good because she was so incredibly turned on because of Matt. Either way she closed her eyes enjoying the sensations. When she finished she sat for a moment loving the tingles in her pussy before pulling her pyjamas backup and washing her hands. She went and got back into bed and Claire smirked at her and said “sounds like you enjoyed that as much as I did, I told you it felt good. Kayleigh laughed and sank back into her bed, messaging Matt telling him she was back and thinking about what Claire had said.

*058*2020-08-19 23:04

Chapter 18

An array of sounds ran through Kayleigh's ears as she woke up. The gentle sound of waves crashing on the beach, the sound of traffic occasionally passing outside and most of all the sound of seagulls squawking. The true sound of the seaside. She rubbed her eyes as she sat up. She looked over towards the balcony door which they had decided to leave open when they had gone to bed to let fresh air in and keep the room cool. It looked like the makings of a nice day outside. She glanced round and saw a mound of duvet and knew somewhere in that bundle was Claire. She reached across for her phone and tapped the screen. It lit up and she saw the time. 6:55. No need to get up yet, she thought to herself as she placed her phone back on the bedside table and laid back down, burying herself under the duvet to go back to sleep.

As she laid back down a mixture of feelings washed over her. Excitement about their upcoming day at the amusement park. Arousal as her mind wandered back to the messages from Matt the night before and her bladder sending her signals it needed to be emptied. She closed her eyes deciding she was too comfy and cosy to worry about any of those feelings just yet and laid listening to the sounds outside as she drifted back off to sleep.

When she woke again those feelings were still there, only more intense. Her bladder was really wanting attention as was her needy pussy. She curled her legs up to her chest and let her mind wander over what she really wanted to be doing right now. She was brought back to reality by the sound of movement and pushed the duvet back to look. She saw Claire had come inside from the balcony and watched as she placed her used cup back on the table.

“Morning” mumbled Kayleigh in her drowsy state.

“Morning Kay, sleep well?” replied Claire, smiling.

“Like a baby, these beds are so comfy”, said Kayleigh pulling the duvet back over herself and snuggling down.

“They sure are,” said Claire. “I’m just gonna grab a quick shower, then I’m gonna go for a wander to the shop just along the front. Kayleigh nodded in acknowledgement and reached for her phone. When she lit up the screen she saw it was almost 8 o’clock. They were supposed to be meeting up at 9 so she had plenty of time to get sorted. She opened up her messages and typed “Good Morning Sir, hope you are well today” and sent it to Matt. She wasn’t sure whether he would be up yet or not but messaging him was always one of the first things she did when she woke up. She put her phone down and intended to go and pee but then quickly realised that Claire had just got in the shower. In her distraction of thinking about messaging Matt she hadn’t really registered what Claire had told her. Had she done she would have quickly used the toilet before she went in. Hopefully she wouldn’t be too long. She smiled when her phone pinged and saw Matt had replied.

“Good morning gorgeous, I am good thanks, how is my good girl today”.

She went all fuzzy and warm as she read it. She loved when he called her his good girl, it always made her melt. She replied telling him she was fine and was really looking forward to her day. They exchanged a few messages and as they were Claire came out of the bathroom. Kayleigh looked up as she walked over to her bed and watched as she threw her pyjamas and towel onto it and reached into her bag and pulled out a black hoodie which she slipped on over her t-shirt. As she slipped on her trainers she looked at Kayleigh.

“You want anything from the shop Kay?” she asked, standing up and putting her phone and wallet in her pockets.

“I don’t think so,” Kayleigh replied. “At least not nothing I need right now, I can grab something later if I think of something”.

“Okie dokie, I’ll see you in a bit, if I don’t come back here I will see you in the bar with the others” said Claire as she headed for the door. Kayleigh said she would see her later and said bye just as the door closed. She went back to her messages and suddenly realised she was alone. She felt a buzz of happiness as she moved her thumb up to the video button and pushed it. She checked herself in the camera as it popped up. Not that it mattered what she looked like. Matt had seen her in all manner of states. It rang a few times before it showed connecting on the screen and then Matt popped up on her screen. She beamed as she said “Morning Sir”. He smiled back and said “good morning back at ya”.

“Claire has gone out for a walk so I thought I would take the opportunity to call you whilst I was alone” she told him.

“I’m glad you did, I missed talking to you last night” he responded with a smile. Then he smirked and added “and I would have loved to watch you squirm whilst reading my messages.

She squirmed as she was reminded of how he had teased her and told him just how much she had been squirming and longing to do those things he had talked about. He did his evil smirk that she loved so much and then said “and this morning I am still feeling the effects of those messages Sir” she told him with a wink. The next two words out of his mouth made her shiver with arousal.

“Show me”. Whenever he said those words it turned her on like crazy. She threw off the duvet and slowly pulled down her pajama bottoms and moved the camera so he could see the wet spot on her knickers. She slowly moved them to the side and ran a finger up her pussy, moving it away so he could see the string of juice that stuck to her finger, showing just how aroused she was.

“Oh my, looks like my little girl is very needy this morning” he growled in his deep voice.

She moved the camera back up to her face and nodded, biting her lip and then seductively licking her finger clean. “Very very needy Sir”. As she said that she was quickly reminded of her other need. As she thought about her bladder she remembered what Claire had said the night before and decided to tell Matt about it. She told him exactly what Claire had said about putting off peeing to enhance the feeling and commented on how it was similar to orgasm denial in a way. To her surprise he wasn’t shocked.

“It’s more common than you think,” he replied. “I’ve read about lots of women...and men who like to do that. Either doing so because they like the feeling of a full bladder or because it feels so good when they finally go, sometimes both”. Kayleigh was about to respond when he continued and said something she really wasn’t expecting. “In fact years ago I had a sub who was into bladder control. She loved me taking control of her bladder and denying her the use of the bathroom. It was quite fun actually, I incorporated that control into her orgasm denial tasks I gave her”

Kayleigh looked at him shocked and suddenly felt intrigued. “Like what kind of things?” she asked.

He smirked at her and said “all sorts of fun things can be done when combining those two aspects of control. For example when she would talk to me in the morning after just waking up I knew she would need to pee pretty bad so I would give her the choice of going and peeing or giving her edges. If she chose peeing she wouldn’t get edges but if she chose edges she wasn’t allowed to go to the bathroom until she had done her edges.

Kayleigh squirmed as she read those messages. The thought of choosing between those two things was crazy. She imagined right now what she would choose. She so badly wanted to play with her needy pussy but then she was getting pretty desperate for a pee. She really wasn’t sure which she would choose, and honestly that thought was kind of hot. It wasn’t something she had ever thought of before but imagining herself in that situation, having Matt denying her and making her choose sent shivers through her as her clit throbbed at the thought.

The thought of actually doing it scared her a little but then that had been the case with so many things they had tried. Since becoming his sub she had experimented with a number of things she had never heard of or thought of as something she would ever do but she had tried them and most of them she had found she loved. The others she hadn't enjoyed and so they hadn’t done them again. Perhaps this new kind of control could be something else they experimented with, maybe she would like it. Her clit throbbing wildly at the mere thought of it was a good indication she might. Or perhaps it was just the thought of Matt having another form of control over her.

She blushed hard and looked at him. “So? Did you enjoy having that kind of control over her Sir?”.

“I did, it was a lot of fun and opened my eyes to new fun possibilities” he replied with a smile.

She blushed even harder and then said “Do you think….maybe...sometime we could try that”.

He smirked at her and said “you know you are really cute when you get all shy, we can do if you want, but only if you want, you know the rules, don’t ever do something just because you think I want it, you have to enjoy it too”.

She nodded and said “I want to give it a go, it does sound kinda fun. She thought for a moment then added “I really need a wee now Sir…..may I go to the bathroom?”. A wave of arousal washed through her as she asked that. Something about asking for permission to go and pee turned her on like crazy, the same kind of feeling she got when asking for permission to touch and edge and cum.

He looked at her for a few moments and then said “you may”.

She told him she wouldn’t be long and jumped out of her bed. She went to the bathroom and sat on the toilet, letting out a little sigh as she peed. Her mind runs wild with thoughts of experimenting with these new fun things. When she finished she went back to her bed. She checked the time and saw she still had plenty of time before she needed to meet up with her friends. She told him she was back and then told him she had a little time and asked if she could please use the opportunity whilst she was alone and with him to have some edges. He teased her for a while making her beg and convince him how much she wanted it. Eventually he nodded and said she could. She laid back and slid her hand between her legs, gasping as she began touching herself for him like the obedient good girl she was. Not a bad way to start off her fun filled day.

*059*2020-08-19 23:17

Chapter 19

The warm water felt great as it washed over her body. She let herself get nice and wet before grabbing the sponge and soaping herself up. Her body was still on fire from the edges she had just finished. It was like the perfect torture. Edging both gave her relief from the arousal but also made it worse. She had just spent the last 15 minutes edging herself over and over until she had been begging to be allowed to cum but of course she had been denied. Something she was glad about. In the moment she couldn’t help but desperately beg for orgasm but when she had calmed down she would always ask to be denied. She just loved how it made her feel. Now her body was in the slow cool down where her desperate need was slowly returning to that constant dull ache of denial.

She soaped herself over, putting on a little show of doing so aware she was being watched. Once done she turned the shower back onto herself and let the water once again run over her body, rinsing off the soap and getting her clean. Once completely done she grabbed a towel and wrapped it around herself and then grabbed her phone that she propped up in the corner to let Matt watch her showering. She went back to her bed and started talking with him about his plans for the day.

As they talked she dried herself off and quickly dried her hair before picking out her outfit for the day. She put on some black spotty knickers with white polka dots and the matching bra, twirling on the spot and asking if Matt approved. He said he did, very much so then she decided on a pair of black leggings and a red t-shirt. She brushed out her hair and finished getting ready for the day and when she was done she said her goodbyes to Matt and told him she would message him throughout the day and with a last goodbye she hung up. She decided she would come back to the room before they left so she just put her phone and her purse in her pocket and slipped on her trainers to head down and meet her friends.

When she got downstairs and walked into the hotel bar she saw Claire sitting with Tom and Hannah over in the corner. She went and got herself a coffee and went and joined them, waiting for Mike and Lucy to come down. It wasn’t long before they arrived and they ordered breakfast. Kayleigh decided on bacon pancakes, thinking it wasn’t a good idea to have a large breakfast before going on roller coasters. When their food came she was happy with her decision. The pancakes were so nice with the bacon and syrup and once she had done she stole a couple of pieces of Mike’s unlimited toast to finish off. She finished off her coffee and helped herself to some juice from the jug in the middle of the table.

She sat back letting her breakfast settle whilst looking at a leaflet she had picked up about the amusement park. Inside was a map of the park and she was already planning out which rides she wanted to hit first, there were plenty to choose from. They had definitely chosen the right weekend to come. As the town was busy due to the airshow the amusement park had a deal on. All day wristbands were only £15. Meaning they could spend all day and night in the park if they wanted to.

She finished her juice and headed back upstairs to her room to brush her teeth and grab her stuff. She came back downstairs and sat outside the hotel waiting for the others. Eventually they all arrived and they set off walking along the promenade. It was set to be another beautiful sunny day and it was lovely walking along next to the beach, seeing the first groups of people setting themselves up for the day. It was the second day of the air show so it would soon be very busy. Hopefully people would be too busy with the air show so the park would be quieter and the queues wouldn't be too long.

Fifteen minutes later they were outside the park and one by one they bought their wristbands and made their way through the turnstiles into the park. Kayleigh pulled out her map and they decided the best route to take to hit most of the rides. They set off and joined the queue for the “Sky Blaster”. The first of many awesome rides they were going to go on. It was going to be a fun day.

*062*2020-08-22 22:36

Chapter 20

“Woooooo that was amazing” shouted Hannah as they walked down the ramp leading off the ride. Kayleigh laughed, she had said that about 50 times already, she was glad Hannah was enjoying herself, after all this was for her birthday. She looked around and pulled out the map checking where they were and where they were heading next. They had decided to zig zag their way through the park hitting the rides as they went and then stop for a rest and a bite to eat when they reached the main food court area. They were almost there, just a few more rides to do before they got there.

So far the day had been amazing. They had lucked out again and got another gorgeous sunny day. A little cooler than it had been the day before but it was still lovely. They had spent the last 4 hours working their way through the park hitting every ride going from the white knuckle roller coasters all the way down to the carousel and the spinning tea cups. She had lost count of how many rides they had been on but on the map the rides were numbered up to 55, along with a number of other activities on offer.

“Amazon Trail next, then the sonic spinners and finally the crazy river rapids” she told the others as she consulted the map. They set off walking and with a loud whoosh a jet flew overhead. Her prediction had certainly been right. Thanks to the airshow the park wasn’t too busy so queue times hadn’t been bad at all. They reached the entrance to the Amazon trail and walked right to the front of the line. They got into the boat and once they were set they set off. 

After the last two roller coasters it was nice to have a chill ride, floating along peacefully taking in the scenery. Along the course they had themed it to be like the amazon river going through the rain forest with all manner of trees and shrubs and animal noises. It was pretty well done, Kayleigh thought to herself as they chatted amongst themselves. As they went along they periodically came to upward climbing sections that then tipped over into “waterfalls” as they were signposted. The first couple were only small but then suddenly the third one they climbed up and then entered into a dark tunnel. 

It was creepy going through the tunnel and Kayleigh screamed as Lucy suddenly grabbed her waist and shouted “boo”. They all laughed but soon they were all screaming as a fall came out of nowhere in the darkness. They whooshed down in the dark and with a huge splash they hit the bottom and Kayleigh gasped out as a wave of water splashed into the boat and all over them. They continued on a little while longer in the darkness and then they began to climb. They seemed to be going up and up, it never ended, then it flattened out. She knew with how much they had climbed the final fall would be huge and braced herself, grabbing the hand rails tight.

Suddenly light appeared at the end of the tunnel and as they came out into the light of day she had a moment to register how high they were before the boat tipped over the edge of the drop and they thundered down towards the lake below. She screamed loudly, joined by the others whooping and hollering. With a huge splash they hit the lake and a wave of water crashed over them soaking them. As they slowed down they all cheered, laughing as they wiped the water from their faces. They reached the end and climbed out and Kayleigh saw the extent of their trip. She was glad she decided on leggings as they would dry quicker, unlike the others in their soaking wet jeans. At least Mike and Hannah were alright in their shorts. They went over to the stand and glanced at the screens there, laughing when they saw their photo as they came down the last waterfall.

As they walked out of the exit Hannah suggested they hit the rapids next as they were already soaking wet, “we might as well get more wet before we dry off right”. It seemed the sensible thing to do so they set off towards the rapids. As they crossed the bridge over the rapids they saw people below going down the rapids and it looked like a lot of fun. Even more fun was the fact that on the bridge they found water cannons for people to shoot those below going by. They spent a couple of minutes spraying people, realising karma would come back and soon it would be them getting sprayed. They joined the queue and as they slowly moved forward Lucy made a comment that Kayleigh wished she hadn’t. “The sound of all this water is making me need a wee”.

Until Lucy had said that Kayleigh hadn’t noticed her bladder but now she did and the rushing water isn't helping. Not that she was surprised, she hadn’t peed since they had left the hotel and that was almost 5 hours ago. The only saving grace was the fact she hadn’t drunk anything since then either so although she needed to pee it had been a gradual growing need, she wasn’t filling up too fast. Though now Lucy had brought her attention to it she wasn’t able to ignore like she had been doing.

It was soon their turn and they climbed into the circular dinghy and strapped themselves in. Once they were ready the attendant pushed them off and they set off along the river. For the first minute or so they gently drifted along, gently spinning around and then they gradually started getting more choppy. It wasn’t long before they hit the rapids and were spinning around wildly and going up and down with the motions of the water. All Kayleigh could do was giggle and scream as water splashed over them and they made their way along, the rapids gradually getting more intense. 

There were a few drops that gave her that sinking feeling in her tummy which made her giggle even more but each time it had the same effect on her bladder causing her need to spike up. They came up on the bridges and could see people ready and waiting with the cannons and she screamed happily as jets of water rained down on them. They reached the final part of the rapids and a long downhill stretch. As they went down the feelings in her tummy were going up and down and each time her bladder jolted from the sensation and a few times she felt like she was going to start peeing. When they reached the bottom of the rapids they were well and truly soaked and sat back as the dinghy latched onto the conveyor belt to take them back to the top.

They mocked each other about how wet they were and Lucy laughed and said “I’m not sure but I think I might have peed myself a little coming down those rapids, at least I'm wet all over so no one can tell”. Kayleigh laughed at her comment. She had just been thinking the same thing, she wasn’t sure the wetness between her legs was entirely water but it was hard to tell, there had definitely been a few times on that last drop down she had felt like was peeing a little. She looked at Lucy and giggled.

“Don’t worry Lucy, you aren’t the only one” she said pointing down to her legs.

“Lucy smiled and replied “oh good, glad I’m not the only, must be our age Kay, we can’t control ourselves like we used to”.

They reached the top of the climb and waited for the dinghy to reach the end where the attendant stopped it to let them get out. Once they had climbed out and walked back to the bridge they laughed at how wet they all were. “Never mind, we are going on the sonic spinners next, it will be like getting in a spin dryer”. They laughed as they made their way towards the spinners. At least the sun was out and would help dry them off.

*063*2020-08-22 22:48

Chapter 21

Kayleigh looked up at the spinners as they went past them on the track overhead. That looks awesome, she thought as she watched the progress. The sonic spinners were themed on Sonic the Hedgehog and the ride looked amazing. A combination of roller coaster and waltzer, this was going to be crazy. She watched as another car went by, spinning wildly as it thundered down the track, the people inside screaming with joy. They went and joined the queue and she stood, unable to stop watching those already on the ride. She squirmed slightly as they moved along. Her experience on the rapids had definitely made her need to pee worse, perhaps she had already wet herself a little bit, she wasn’t too sure as she was wet all over. Maybe that was why she needed to pee more than she had done before. At least she could go after this ride, this was the last one before they stopped off for lunch.

They edged forward in the queue and eventually reached the front. A car arrived and Tom, Claire and Hannah climbed in and set off. The next car arrived and Kayleigh climbed along with Mike and Lucy. They waited for a moment before the attendant pointed out the wheel in the middle, telling them they could grab the wheel and use it to spin themselves or they could lock it shut so their car wouldn’t spin. As they set off Mike laughed and said “oh we won’t be using the lock, we want to spin as much as possible, right girls?”. 

They nodded in agreement and Kayleigh grabbed the hand holds prepared for Mike to start them going. They began climbing the long ascent to the top of the coaster and upon reaching the top they waited until they made it to the first drop and let the car spin naturally with the descent they shot up the other side and then Mike set them spinning. Kayleigh screamed as the world began spinning and the car shot down another drop. The same feeling of weightlessness hit her, mixed with dizziness and the sudden change as they went up and down over the dips caused flutters in her bladder. She shot her hand between her legs, squealing with laughter as she tried to stop herself from completely peeing all over. This definitely wasn't the ride to be on with a full bladder.

She felt herself leak a couple of times but she managed to keep control throughout the crazy spinning. When they reached the end of the ride Kayleigh clutched her stomach which hurt from laughing so much. She grabbed Tom’s hand who helped her out and held her steady as she readjusted to being on solid ground that wasn’t spinning and walked over to Hannah and Claire who were standing leaning on the railing recovering. When the others came over they took a moment to chill, talking about how awesome that ride was, before setting off to find somewhere to get lunch.

When they reached the food court they found a picnic table and sat down and Lucy said she was heading to the loo. Kayleigh followed behind her and Lucy joked about wondering if there would be anything left after those last two rides. Kayleigh laughed and nodded in agreement, those rides definitely were no good for your bladder. She knew if she hadn’t been soaked her leggings would definitely be wet from her leaking. They made it to the bathroom and went inside. Kayleigh went into one of the free stalls and pulled down her leggings and knickers and sat down, relaxing and voluntarily letting her bladder empty. She reached down and felt her knickers. They were pretty damp but she was sure most of that was just water from the wet seats and splashes. Although she did note that some of the wetness was neither pee or water. Throughout the day her pussy had been wet after her edges that morning and a few messages from Matt had kept her arousal up.

She decided to take the opportunity whilst she was sitting with her knickers down to snap a cheeky pic of them and her pussy and sent them to Matt so he could see she was wet and needy like he loved her to be. She wiped herself clean before pulling her knickers and leggings back into place and leaving to wash her hands. She walked back across the courtyard to where her friends were sitting and sat down with them. She looked around deciding what she wanted to eat. There were so many different fast food chains she had a wide choice and it could be whatever she wanted without worrying about where her friends wanted to go.

After much deliberation and discussion she decided she fancied pizza and it turned out Tom did too so they decided to get a pizza to share. Tom went off to Pizza Hut whilst the others went off to get what they wanted. She sat enjoying the sun, letting her clothes dry off and wondering whether Matt had gotten her message yet. It wasn’t long before Tom came back with a couple of boxes and two big cups. She expected it to be a paper cup like you would get at the cinema but was surprised to find it was plastic. He told her he had paid for the cup rather than buying a normal drink as with the cups you could get unlimited refills at filling points throughout the park. He opened the boxes and split the pizza in half and portioned out the potato wedges between them. The others came back with their food and Kayleigh saw they had also used the logic and gotten the refillable cups.

They sat for a while enjoying their food and relaxing in the sun. They had consulted the map and decided after lunch they would have a more chilled couple of hours and head over and go on the go karts and the smaller fun fair rides before making their way back through the park going on the remaining rides and maybe hitting a few of their favourites one more time.

*066*2020-08-25 01:45

Chapter 22

Kayleigh squinted against the glare of the sun as she looked up at the towering structure above her. “Whoa” was the only thought in her mind as she watched the descent of the cars as they dropped over the edge of the roller coaster. This was the last one, the only one ride they still had left to do. After they had finished their lunch they had sat relaxing for a while before heading off to the go karts. They had spent a good hour racing round the track which had been tremendous fun. After the karts they had moved on to the traditional fairground area of the park and had spent some time on the rides there, going on the ghost train, Ferris wheel and dodgems, even spending half an hour in the fun house, laughing uncontrollably in the hall of mirrors and getting very stuck in the maze of glass. Afterwards they had made their way back through the park going on a few of the rides they had loved the first time round and didn’t have long queues.

Now however was the final one, the one they had purposefully saved until last. The biggest and longest roller coaster in the park. From where she was standing Kayleigh could see up to the towering first drop which came down and at an almost 90 degree angle and then went straight into multiple loops and twists. She followed its progress taking in the dips and turns until it disappeared behind some of the other rides. Looking at it on the map she saw it went around the edge of the park, criss crossing in and out around the other rides and eventually coming back to the beginning. Supposedly there were many loops and corkscrews and drops along the way and as they had been walking through the park they had seen it and passed under it numerous times. Now they were here and she couldn’t wait.

They joined the queue and gradually made their way forwards, talking and still laughing about the number of times they had all walked straight into a glass wall in the maze. Finally they reached the front and when the train pulled up she climbed in next to Claire and strapped herself in. The usual safety announcements followed and then the train set off and Kayleigh's excitement built as they made their way towards the long climb to the top. As they began climbing she looked out over the side. The further up they climbed the more she could see. All the way along the beach, the crowds gathered at the air show, the piers stretching out in the sea. It made for spectacular views. 

After what seemed like an age they reached the top and slowly moved around the track towards that insane drop. Her heart started beating faster as her attention switched from the views to the drop getting closer and closer. A few feet from the edge the train stopped and screens on either side showed a 10 second countdown. With each flashing number her breathing got heavier and her heart pounded in her chest. “1” flashed up on screen and the train moved forward. In a split second the first car tipped over the edge and with a burst of speed and a series of screams and shouts they shot down. Kayleigh screamed loudly as they plummeted straight down and then hit the loops.

The park and the rides whooshed past as they made their way through the twists and loops and over the dips, occasionally slowing down to climb for another drop, only to go back to speed on the other side. By the time they slowed down and reached the final short climb back to the start Kayleigh was awash with sensation. That had been amazing. As they climbed out of the train they decided to head straight back to the queue and go again. That was too awesome to only do once.

###

“Well that was definitely worth saving until last” said Mike as they finally walked through the exit of the ride after going on it four more times.

“It certainly was, thank you again guys for another amazing day” added Hannah, beaming as she skipped along.

“Are we heading back then” asked Lucy, looking at her watch. Whilst having lunch they had decided they would head back to the hotel for a couple of hours and chill out before heading out for the evening. As they walked towards the park's exit Claire pointed out one of the refill points and said “well we might as well get another refill before we leave”. They went over to refill their cups and Kayleigh was glad Tom had got her one. Throughout the afternoon she had been glad of her refills as it grew warmer as the day had gone on so she had loved being able to get as many drinks as she had wanted. Once they had all refilled they continued on and made their way through the exit back onto the seafront.

They crossed over and walked along next to the beach, slowly making their way back towards the hotel. They had already decided to stop off at the shop on the way back to pick up some drinks and then once back they would hang out in one of the rooms or go down and sit on the beach, whichever they felt like. When they reached the shop Claire and Tom headed inside to pick up the drinks and snacks and as she stood waiting, idly sipping on her drink she realised that those numerous refills were certainly taking effect on her. She was shocked at just how much she wanted a wee. It seemed to have come on all of a sudden. Though perhaps the thrill of the rides had been a distraction from her bladder steadily filling and now she was just standing waiting, those distractions were no longer present. “Definitely have to head straight to the loo when we get back” she thought to herself as she crossed her legs out of instinct as the familiar tingling ran through her pussy.

*068*2020-08-27 10:34

Chapter 23

Kayleigh tapped her foot impatiently. “What was taking them so long?” she thought as she looked into the shop. In reality they probably weren’t taking that long at all but Kayleigh's mind was suddenly focused on one thing, and that thing was making time seem to run slower. As she took another sip of her pepsi her bladder responded by reminding her how much she needed a wee. She couldn’t believe how quickly she had gone from not even noticing that she had to pee to really needing to go in a matter of minutes. She sometimes found that happening. If she had been out shopping or was busy with something at home she was distracted she was fine but once that distraction had gone she would suddenly notice how badly she needed to pee. Exactly what had just happened now. The distraction of the amusement park had faded and now her focus was on her full bladder.

She squeezed her legs as the familiar pressure sent tingles through her pussy as her bladder demanded her attention. Finally Claire and Tom left the shop, each carrying a bag that clinked as they walked. Kayleigh peeked inside and saw bottles of cider and lager and some big bags of crisps, perfect for a lazy couple of hours. They resumed walking along the seafront and soon arrived at the hotel. They had decided to hang out in the room, put some music on, chill, play some games and had decided on Tom and Hannah’s room. 

Mike and Lucy said they were popping to their room to quickly throw on some more comfortable clothes and headed up the stairs. The rest got into the lift and went up. When it stopped and they got out they followed Hannah and Tom to their room. As they went in Kayleigh saw it was very similar to her room and she went out onto the balcony to see what the view was like. As she stood on the balcony she saw they were towards the end of the hotel and a couple of floors down. She looked up and tried to figure out which balcony was hers and as she was looking Claire appeared holding out a bottle of fruit cider which Kayleigh took and put on the table.

She looked into the room and saw that Hannah was still in the bathroom and squeezed her legs as a spike of need washed over her. Being so close to the bathroom had made her bladder even more demanding and now she was just waiting for Hannah to finish so she could give into those demands. She pulled out her phone and messaged Matt telling him she was back at the hotel and what their plans were. She smiled when he immediately replied and as she was messaging him back she hadn’t noticed Hannah had walked out onto the balcony. When she looked up from her phone and saw Hannah standing there she smiled and said that she was just popping to the loo.

“Tom has just jumped in for a quick shower” replied Hannah as Kayleigh moved past her.

That wasn’t what Kayleigh had wanted to hear. “Oh, I’ll just pop up to my room and go then, it will be quicker than waiting for Tom.

Hannah nodded and said “Claire just said the same thing”. Kayleigh looked into the room and saw Claire wasn’t there and figured she must have had the same idea. She walked through the room and out of the door, heading for the lift. She went up to her floor and headed down to her room. As she entered she noted the bathroom door was closed and guessed Claire was in there. She hoped she wouldn’t be too long and walked out onto her balcony. She looked down and saw Hannah standing on her balcony and shouted down waving to her.

Her phone buzzed and she checked to see another message from Matt which she started to reply to and then deleted the message she typed and hit the call button. She listened to the ringing for a moment before she heard the click and “Hey Cutie”.

She smiled as she heard his voice and responded “Hi Sir, I just thought I would call while I had the chance. He asked about her morning and she told him about the amusement park, promising him she would tell him in detail when she could and then told him they were back at the hotel and were going to have a chill couple of hours before heading out for the evening.

“Sounds a good plan, where are your friends?” he asked.

“Oh they are down in Hannah’s room, I just came up to my room as Tom was using the shower and I really have to pee but Claire had the same idea” she told him, squirming as she reminded herself of her need.

“I see, so you still need to go?” he responded.

“Yes, pretty badly, hopefully Claire will be done soon” she answered, squeezing her legs and doing a little curtsy as she talked about how badly she needed to pee made it worse.

“Ahh, well I’m sure you won’t have to wait much longer, so where are you going tonight?” he replied.

She told him their plan to make their way along the sea front to the central pier and then make their way back going in the many arcades and some of the bars along the way. He told her his plans for the evening, saying that he would much rather be hanging out with her at the seaside. She would have loved that. She heard movement and quickly moved the phone away from her ear as Claire appeared in the doorway.

“You alright Kay?” she asked as she stepped out onto the balcony.

“Yeah all good, I just came to use the bathroom as Tom was in the shower then I might get changed” replied Kayleigh.

Claire laughed and said “Yeah, I went to use the loo but Tom had beat me to it so I came up here, anyway, I’m going back down, you want me to wait or are you okay?”.

“No I’ll see you down there, I’m just gonna go to the loo and then change into something I can lounge around in and I’ll be down”.

She waited for Claire to leave and the door of their room to close before she lifted the phone back to her ear. “Sir?” she said into the phone and was glad to hear him reply. “Sorry about that, Claire came to speak to me”. He said it was fine and continued what he had been saying. She waited for him to finish and then said “Okay, now Claire has gone I really do need to go for a wee Sir, I will be back in a moment”. As she walked through the door into the room he asked her something.

“So are you heading to the bathroom right now to pee?”

She held the phone to her ear and responded “Yes Sir, I’m about to put the phone on my bed and quickly go pee, I will be back in a moment”. She squirmed on the spot as she waited for him to acknowledge her comment. When he did respond she squirmed even harder, but for a totally different reason.

“And you were just going to do that without asking for permission to do so” he growled down the phone. Her pussy throbbed in response to his commanding voice and his spell of control.

“I was Sir, sorry Sir, Please may I go and pee Sir” she asked squeezing her legs as her bladder pulsed with need and her clit throbbed hard as arousal hit her at having to ask for permission. There was silence for a few moments before he growled.

“NO...not just yet”.

She squirmed and crossed her legs. She so badly wanted to pee but being told that she wasn’t allowed yet drove her crazy. She felt her pussy getting wet as she fell under his control.

“Please Sir, I really need to go” she told him as she danced on the spot. She suddenly realised she was alone and hit the video button to switch on her camera. He appeared on her screen and she repeated her sentence.

He smiled and with an evil smirk asked “are you all squirmy baby?”. She turned the camera down to show him her dancing and he added “mmmm I do like when you are squirmy”. She giggled and asked him again if she could pee. She watched as he looked at her, thinking about his answer, a look that always turned her on. Finally he responded “I will let you go if you beg like a good girl and convince me you really want it”.

She squirmed even harder as she listened to his response. “Please please please can I pee for you Sir, I have been drinking so much today and my bladder is bursting full, if you don’t let me pee soon I will wet myself Sir”. She turned the camera back to her legs and put her hand between her legs, holding her pussy and squirming”.

“I think you can hold it for me a little bit longer” he said, flashing his evil smile that turned her legs to jelly. She found herself nodding and saying “yes Sir”. She stood squirming and was amazed that just him telling her to wait made her seem so much more desperate. She begged him again, telling him how desperate she was and his response drove her crazy.

“You know that you can tell me to stop anytime and just go and pee, anytime you want”.

They had an understanding. If they were ever doing anything and she wanted or needed to stop she just had to use her safeword and everything would stop. Especially if they were trying something new and she was uncomfortable. He was right, she could use her safeword and just go and pee, it would be so easy. Yet she didn’t want to. It was like her body was in battle with itself. Her desperate need to pee fighting against her enjoyment and arousal of being under his control. Right now her arousal and desire were winning. She so badly wanted to pee but she wanted to be a good girl so much more. She nodded and said “I know Sir, but...I will wait until you give me permission Sir”.

He smiled and replied “You may go and sit on the toilet and perhaps if you beg nicely enough I will let you go”. Without wasting any time she quickly dashed into the bathroom and pulled down her leggings and knickers. She sat on the toilet and quickly had to squeeze her muscles tight to stop instinct from kicking in. Being in that position made it so much harder to hold on and she found herself begging frantically for permission to let go. He kept telling her no and told her he loved seeing all desperate and squirmy. 

She was managing to keep control until suddenly a few drops escaped and splashed into the toilet. She told him she had trickled a little and he told her that if she wanted to be allowed to edge her needy pussy she had to hold on. She squeezed hard and asked if she could touch herself. He said yes and she started rubbing her pussy, desperately trying to hold the flood back threatening to burst out. She continued begging and he kept saying no. Suddenly he told her yes and her body responded. She started peeing and she moaned out in relief as the intense pressure lifted. She sat there moaning, a mixture of relief and arousal.

When her bladder had emptied she sat back sighing happily and moaned “thank you Sir”. He smiled and told her she was welcome and then told her for being such a good girl she had earned some edges for later on. She thanked him again and quickly washed her hands before heading out into the room. She propped her phone up on the bedside table as she slowly undressed and put on her pyjama pants and a t-shirt, perfect attire for laying around doing nothing.

She said her goodbyes and put her phone in her pocket, heading out to go back down to her friends. When she got to Hannah’s room she walked through onto the balcony and found her bottle of cider, sitting down and taking a sip. Her phone pinged and her pussy ached as she read the message over and over in her mind.

“I’m guessing because you didn’t use your safeword just now that you enjoyed being controlled in that way. Guess we found some more fun things to do in the future, we can discuss it later ;)”

She had to admit, she had loved the added control over her and could only imagine what possible fun things he could be planning. It was always fun finding new things to play with.

*070*2020-08-31 01:07

Chapter 24

Kayleigh sighed happily as she took a sip of her cider. She looked around at the beautiful view of the sunlight glimmering off the sea in the distance. She smiled to herself, enjoying the moment. She enjoyed spending time with her friends but she missed spending time with them like this, just hanging out and doing nothing. Something they had done lots of when they were teens and through their early twenties but now with work and other commitments it was a rare occurrence. Which is why she treasured moments like these. She took another sip and was brought back to reality by Mike telling her it was her turn. She looked down at the table and picked up the cards she had just been dealt and looked over them, arranging them as she decided the best tactic to go for this round.

Unfortunately for her the tactic she chose didn’t go her way and she groaned as Tom declared he had won and laid down his cards and she noticed he had two of the cards she had needed. As Claire collected the cards and started shuffling Kayleigh decided to call it a day on the cards and told Claire not to deal her in. Mostly because they had been playing for a while and she had had enough but also she needed to pee. She finished her bottle and stood up, heading back into the room. 

She placed the bottle with the other empty ones and headed through to the bathroom. As she closed the door she bit her lip, immediately feeling a rush of arousal. She had been glad of the distraction of playing cards, had they not her mind would have been solely focused on the message Matt had sent her and running over the infinite possibilities of the things he could have her doing. Playing with her friends had distracted her and kept her mind out of her knickers but now that is solely where her mind was. All because of one thought.

She had just come to the bathroom because she needed a wee and had done for a while, her bladder steadily filling whilst she had been playing cards. However as she had closed the bathroom door her mind had immediately told her she needed to ask for permission. She knew she didn’t have to, she could quite easily just pee and be done with it but something about asking excited her, that sense of control over something so simple. She had spent the last two years trying to explain to herself why being controlled and being made to feel submissive gave her such pleasure but she couldn’t explain it, it was just the way she was, and she absolutely loved it. As she looked at the toilet she felt her bladder respond but her mind and her heart was telling her she should ask first. What had Matt done to her, he had found another way to increase his spell over her.

She left the bathroom and went back outside to grab her phone. She sat back down and messaged Matt asking if she was allowed to pee. She felt her pussy throb with excitement as she sent the message and eagerly awaited his response. It took a few minutes until her phone buzzed but her heart skipped a beat when it did. She opened up the notification and read the message.

“My my it seems our little fun earlier has had an effect on you, asking for permission like a good girl, very good. You may pee”.

She felt the familiar fuzzy feeling she always got when he called her a good girl. She stood up and walked back through to the bathroom. As she sat on the toilet she opened up the message and sent a reply saying thank you. Once she had finished peeing she reached down to pull up her pants and noticed just how wet her knickers were. She smiled and snapped a cheeky pic and sent it with the message “If you want to know just how much earlier affected me Sir, just look at how much my needy pussy has been soaking my knickers thinking about it”. She smirked as the message sent and she pulled her knickers and pants back into place. As she left the bathroom she grabbed another bottle from the open box and headed back outside. As she did her friends were discussing their plans for the evening and they had decided to spend a little while longer relaxing before getting ready. Kayleigh decided she would finish her new bottle and then head back to her room to get herself ready.

###

Kayleigh stood next to her bed drying herself off. She had quickly jumped in the shower when she got back to her room to cool off and have a quick wash. She finished drying herself and quickly grabbed some underwear out of her bag to put on. Had she been alone she would have wandered around naked but as she was sharing with Claire she thought it best to be modest. She decided on a matching white set and slipped on the bottoms and the bra before applying some lotion to her arms and legs.

Once she was all lotioned she pulled out her outfit for the evening, a cute blue shorts romper and pulled it on. She quickly checked herself in the mirror making sure it looked okay and when she was pleased with how she looked she snapped a pic to send to Matt and sent him a message telling him that she was about to head out for the evening and would try and grab some pics for him so he could see what she was up to. She quickly brushed her hair and slipped on her blue heels before getting her out her little bag and putting her phone and money inside.

When she got downstairs to the hotel bar she found the others waiting and she realised then they were just waiting on Claire. It wasn’t long before she came down and they headed out of the hotel and across the road to wait for a tram to take them down to the central pier. It didn’t take long before one came along and they climbed on and found seats. Their first stop when they got there was to find somewhere for dinner and then they could hit the arcades, the part Kayleigh was most excited about. Her favourite part about coming to the seaside.

*072*2020-09-01 12:11

Chapter 25

As they got off the tram the answer to where they were going to get some dinner was answered. Across the road in between two arcades was a big Wetherspoons, somewhere they all knew and knew was good for food that wasn’t too expensive so they made the unanimous decision to go there. Not only was it a place they recognised, there was also the appeal of it being on two floors and the top floor had a lovely looking balcony where they could sit out and enjoy their dinner in the fresh evening air. They went inside and upstairs and found a great table on the balcony which provided them a fantastic view of the beach and the sea.

They ordered drinks on the app and shortly after they arrived. Kayleigh took a sip of her cider and turned her attention to the menu, her usual go-to when they had lunch at Wetherspoons was a burger but as she had had a burger the night before and pizza at lunchtime she wanted to go for something different. After much perusing and lots of mind changes she settled on barbecue smothered chicken and added her order to the list on the app. Once the order was complete they sent it off and sat back to wait for their food, laughing and joking and talking about potential plans for the following day.

When their food arrived Kayleigh was certain she had made the right choice in the end. Her smothered chicken looked delicious and with the first bite it tasted delicious. It didn’t take her long to clean her plate and as she put her knife and fork down she wiped her mouth and hands with her napkin and let out a sigh. Definitely the right decision, her belly was full and happy. She reached over and picked up the menu scanning over the dessert options, debating whether to get a dessert or wait and get an ice cream along the seafront, or both, she was on holiday after all. She would wait and see what everyone else wanted to do.

Once the others had finished they decided they were getting a dessert so obviously she was going to join them. There was a sharing dessert platter on the menu that sounded lovely and talked Lucy into sharing with her. The others added their order and when the desserts came she was impressed with their platter. Ice cream, brownie pieces, mini cheesecakes, hot fresh cookies, some mini chocolate cakes and bite size fruit tarts. She was in dessert heaven as she worked her way through the many treats on offer and after she had eaten her share she was well and truly stuffed and very content.

They sat for a while letting their dinner settle and ordered another round of drinks. They were in no rush, sitting there in the evening air, listening to the sound of the waves and watching people go by on the promenade below was lovely. They ended up sitting there for an hour before they decided to make a move and head for a walk along the central pier right to the end to see what was on there. Kayleigh finished the remainder of her drink as she stood up and grabbed her bag. Following the others as they made their way out of the pub. Once outside they crossed over to the beach side and wandered the short distance to the pier.

They slowly walked along, occasionally stopping to admire the view or take photos. At the end of the pier was a small fun fair and a little arcade which they had a look around before sitting on some benches, taking a moment to take it in. Down the way she could see the other pier where they had been the night before for their awesome show and the other way she could see the southern pier with its big funfair and hoped that either that night or the following day they would go and visit it. As much as she had loved the amusement park she always loved small funfairs, ever since she had been a kid coming to the seaside with her family she had loved them. So many happy memories.

As she sat reminiscing about those times she suddenly found herself thinking about Matt. For a moment she was confused as to why she suddenly thought of him but then she noticed her bladder sending the first signals of need. She giggled to herself at the fact the simple feeling of needing to pee had made her immediately think of her dom. Such a simple thing but he had used it to bring her further under his spell. She was amazed at how quickly her mind had conditioned itself to associate needing a wee with being controlled and she felt her pussy throb with arousal at the thought. He really was good at what he did.

They sat for a while relaxing and chatting and watching the sun start to set and Kayleigh smiled happily when she saw the lights begin to shine along the seafront as it started to get dark. To her it was a beautiful sight. They decided to make a move and head back along the pier to the promenade and set off along the front to enjoy the arcades and the night time atmosphere. She was glad they were heading back, not only was she excited about going to the arcades, she was also really starting to need a wee and she found herself wishing she had taken the chance to pee before they had left Wetherspoons. When she had first noticed her need she had looked around but couldn’t see any toilets at the little fair where they were sat. It had been a while since then and her need had gradually built. She hoped there would be toilets somewhere along the pier she could go.

As they set off walking back along the pier her mind took over and she pulled out her phone and messaged Matt, telling him that she needed to pee and asked if she could go when she reached a bathroom. She closed her eyes, enjoying the tingling feeling she felt as her clit responded to asking for permission and put her phone back into her bag. It soon became apparent walking along the pier that there were no public bathrooms available. She would just have to wait until she found somewhere on the seafront.

As they came off the pier they crossed over and went into the arcade next to the Wetherspoons and had a wander around. It was only a small arcade but they found some really neat old fashioned games at 2p a go so she went and got herself some change and had fun trying out all the old games. She was so distracted by the games that she forgot all about her need to pee. That was until they decided to move on and as they exited the arcade into the cool evening air her bladder made its presence known again. She was glad when Hannah mentioned needing to pee and they said they would go into Wetherspoons to use the toilets.

As she made her way inside and walked through to the bathrooms she pulled out her phone and saw a reply from Matt. It was quite a long reply but the first line said that she did have permission and that was all she needed to know. She went into the first stall and locked the door, hanging her bag on the hook on the back. She unzipped her romper and pulled it off her shoulders, wiggling as she slid it down over her hips and butt. Once down she pulled down her knickers and sat down, letting out a little sigh as she started peeing. She opened up her messages again and continued reading the message.

“You do have permission to pee when you reach the bathroom….and I love that you asked for permission like the good girl you are but you don’t have to ask every single time. I like that you did ask and if you want to ask and wait for permission then you can do so, however asking for permission and waiting isn’t always controllable unlike orgasm control. I will leave it to you to decide if you ask based on your situation. I only want you to do so if you feel its appropriate and you aren’t putting yourself into a scenario where it could end badly. If you are out in public or with your friends you don’t have to ask if you don’t want to. There will be times where I am not available to reply immediately. I love that you seem to enjoy this added sense of denial and control and it is something we can certainly play around with but like everything else we do I only want you to do it if you enjoy it and you are comfortable doing so.

So I will leave it entirely up to you if and when you ask for permission. Of course there might be times where I will tell you that you have to wait for my permission but I will only do so when I think the situation is right for it, any other time you don’t need to wait.

I hope you are enjoying your evening, speak to you later gorgeous girl.”

She read the message a couple of times and realised it made sense. She did enjoy asking for permission like a good girl, she had gotten so used to asking for permission for so many other things this new permission just felt natural but he was right, sometimes it just wouldn’t be practical. If she messaged him asking if she could touch herself or edge it could be hours before he replied with an answer. That worked, waiting hours for permission to pee not so much. She re read the last comment a bunch of times, getting excited and wondering what devilish things he could possibly be planning for her.

She forced herself to stop thinking about it and made herself stand up and sort herself out before heading out to wash her hands. When she walked back through the pub she saw her friends outside and went out to join them. Once they were all back they turned their attention along the seafront and their walk back to their hotel, hitting up the arcades and bars along the way.

*075*2020-09-03 10:58

Chapter 26

“Woooo yeah, just give up already” shouted Kayleigh, playfully punching Tom in the arm after beating him for the third time in a row.

“Okay okay I forfeit, you are the undisputed champion of street racing” he replied as he climbed out of the seat and mocked a bow.

“And don’t you forget it” added Kayleigh with a smile standing up and pointing to the “1st Place” flashing on the screen. He laughed and walked over to Hannah who was standing at one of the many 2p slots. Kayleigh scanned around the crowd and located the others. Lucy was where they had left her playing on the Pac-Man slot machine and Mike and Claire were playing one of the shooting games over in the corner.

When she wandered over she saw it was House of the dead and stood watching them play. Kayleigh was having so much fun. After they had left Wetherspoons they had made their way along the seafront and had been in a few of the smaller arcades and had stopped off at a lovely little bar where they had sat outside enjoying their drinks and watching the world go by. After leaving the bar they walked a little further and found a massive arcade that seemed to go on forever and they had been there now almost an hour. As she stood watching she saw what she was going to do next. A few machines down from House of the Dead was Time Crisis. A game she had spent so much time playing when she was a kid. As the others came over she recruited Mike as her partner and went over, depositing the money and picking up the gun. The title screen brought back so much nostalgia and she soon found herself remembering why she had spent so much time on this game.

After they eventually got a game over Mike put his gun back and said he was going to the loo. Whilst playing Kayleigh had been thinking she should probably head to the loo. It had been a while since she had been at Wetherspoons but she had been too distracted by all the games to care. At least there were toilets in this arcade so she knew she could go before they left. As Mike walked off she thought about going but then her mind went to the message that Matt had sent her. He had told her it was up to her whether she wanted to ask for permission to pee or not, it depended on her situation. Right now she could quite easily just go pee but the more she thought about it the more she wanted to message him and ask. She had easy access to a bathroom and she certainly enjoyed the thrill of having to seek permission. She pulled out her phone and opened her messages. She felt her heart beating faster as she typed out her request.

“Sir, it has been a while since I last used the toilet and I am starting to really need a wee, may I please go?”.

She sent the message and stood waiting for his response. It didn’t take long for the phone to ping and as she read the reply she found herself wetting her knickers with arousal.

“If you are only just starting to really need a wee I am sure you can wait a little longer baby girl so no you may not go”.

She read the message over and over gradually more turned on each time she read the word no. She could almost hear him growling that word the way he does that always drove her crazy. She found it had the same effect on her bladder as it did with her pussy. Whenever he told her she couldn’t touch, edge or cum her pussy responded and made her need to do so so much worse. Her bladder had reacted the same. Being told she couldn’t pee yet made her need seem to suddenly increase. She replied and asked him how much longer she had to wait. When her phone pinged she read

“I think a good girl like you can wait 15 more minutes, if you do you will be rewarded”.

She squirmed harder as she read that, her pussy throbbing at the thought of being rewarded. She turned her attention back to her friends and joined them at the 2p roulette machine and tried to distract herself from the two things she really wanted.

She kept checking the time, waiting till 15 minutes had passed because she wanted to be a good girl. Time seemed to be going extra slowly, she was just glad she wasn’t too desperate to wee. When 15 minutes had gone by she messaged him back asking if she could go now and he messaged back telling her to go the bathroom. She told her friends she was going to the loo and wandered through the arcade towards where the toilets were.

As she walked into the bathroom she saw it was made up of four unisex stalls. She went into one of them and closed the door. She messaged back telling him she was in the bathroom and suddenly her phone started to ring. She pushed the answer button and he appeared on the screen. She smiled when she saw him and excitedly said “Hi Sir!”. He asked how she was and she told him she was having lots of fun. He said he was glad and then told her what he wanted her to do.

“For being a good girl and waiting I will let you have some edges, however if you want to pee now you have to do those edges for me first”.

She squirmed at the thought of edging for him. She had gotten used to edging wherever and whenever he asked and honestly she had grown to love being a naughty girl and touching herself in public. Something she never thought she would be able to do. He told her to sit on the toilet and she slowly stripped out of her romper, putting on a show for him before sitting down. Her instinct almost made her start peeing immediately but she stopped herself.

“Now, I want you to tell me about your evening so far whilst touching yourself for me, when I think you deserve I will let you edge, then once you have done enough edges I will let you pee”.

She nodded to show she understood and slid her hand down between her legs, She gasped as she gently ran a finger up her pussy and started gently stroking her hard clit. She moaned and then started telling him about her evening. At first it was easy but the more she touched the harder it was to talk straight between her moans of pleasure. She was halfway through telling him about playing on the vintage slot games when he growled “edge”. Her body reacted and she edged hard, moaning and squirming. As she told her story he made her edge over and over. Each edge made her pussy ache for release but also made her need to pee so much more intense.

After a hard edge she moaned and begged to be allowed to pee. He told her two more edges and then she could. She continued her story and enjoyed two more intense edges before he told her she could pee. She relaxed and moaned loudly as she started peeing. After edging it felt so good and she had to remind herself she was in public and not to moan too loudly.

When she finished peeing she sat for a moment composing herself before thanking Matt for her reward and wiping herself clean. She got redressed and thanked him again as she blew him a kiss and said goodbye. She ended the call and washed her hands before heading out to find her friends. When she found them Hannah looked up at her and asked “are you alright Kay, you look flushed”.

She blushed with embarrassment and quickly replied “oh yeah, I’m fine, just a little warm”.

Hannah nodded and said she was too and once they had finished their game they would head outside. Kayleigh smiled and giggled to herself. If only they knew the reason she was warm was because she had just been touching herself like a slut and was now standing there, her pussy throbbing and desperate to cum. She squirmed as she felt her knickers getting wet with the intense arousal and giggled. She really was a slut...and she loved it.

*077*2020-09-05 20:57

Chapter 27

“Mmmmmmmmm yeah”

Kayleigh moaned and licked her lips as the sugar stuck to them. She took another bite and sighed happily. “You really can’t beat hot freshly made doughnuts” she moaned as she savoured the taste.

After they had eventually left the huge arcade they had gone into a pub a little way down the promenade and had a drink and had a couple of games of pool before continuing on. Then they had stopped off at a snack stall and she had gotten herself a bag of doughnuts. She loved doughnuts but freshly made ones at the seaside always tasted extra nice. She had been tempted by a waffle but she couldn’t resist the doughnuts. Though Claire’s chocolate banana waffle did look good.

She asked if it was as good as it looked and Claire nodded, slicing a bit off on her fork and holding it out. Kayleigh leaned forward and took the piece of waffle in her mouth, sighing as the chocolate delight exploded in her mouth. She put her thumb up to show she was enjoying it and Claire laughed. They had found a bench next to the beach to sit and enjoy their sweet treats and once they had done they sat for a while enjoying the atmosphere before moving on.

###

An hour later and they found themselves sitting outside a bar drinking cocktails. They had visited a couple more arcades and played some more 2p slots and they had had an air hockey tournament in which Tom had taken his revenge on her and flat out beaten her every game. She took a sip of her cocktail and sighed. Right now in the warm evening air drinking cocktails next to the beach they could have been anywhere in the world.

As they sat enjoying their drinks a young lad came out and told them it was time for last orders if they wanted anything else. She looked at her watch and was shocked to see it was almost 11 o’clock. She couldn’t believe it had gotten so late and at first she was shocked the bar seemed to be closing so early but then she remembered it was Sunday. Nights out with her friends were usually Saturday’s so she had completely forgotten it wasn’t. She decided to try another cocktail and gave her order to Tom and Mike who were going to the bar.

They came back with the drinks and they discussed their plans. Although they would probably be able to find other places still open they decided to head back to the hotel after they had finished their drinks. “Depending what time we get back you are more than welcome to come back to our room for a bit” said Hannah, sipping on her cocktail. Kayleigh looked at her watch and decided she would see how she felt when they got back. It would be nice to hang out for a bit before heading to bed but also the thought of getting into bed and watching TV sounded appealing. It had been a long fun filled day.

She slowly finished her drink, enjoying the fruity flavour of her second cocktail and once she was done she put her glass back onto the tray to be collected and got up to head to the bathroom. She walked into the bar and looked around for where the toilets were. She saw them across the room and walked across and into the ladies. She undid her romper and pulled her arms out, rolling it down so she could pull it down along with her knickers. As she sat down and began peeing she smiled as her mind drifted to Matt. She finished emptying her bladder and got herself redressed before heading back out to her friends. She sat back down to wait for her friends to finish their drinks and for them to go and use the bathroom. Once everyone was ready they set off for the walk back to the hotel.

As they walked along she realised how tipsy she was. She had certainly had a few drinks throughout the evening. In the dark of the night she couldn’t see their hotel and could only guess which of the lights in the distance it was. Without seeing it she couldn’t gauge how long it would take them to get back, especially in their tipsy states. The only thing she was sure of was where the roller coaster was, those lights stretched high into the sky.

15 minutes later and they had reached the start of the amusement park and had also crossed over the road to walk along next to the beach. She knew that if they were at the amusement they weren’t too far away from the hotel. Which she was starting to be glad of. Her bladder was filling quite quickly from the two cocktails and a glance at her watch showed it had been almost half an hour since she peed at the bar. Not a long time in theory but after drinking throughout the evening and having broken the seal earlier on it was a long time. With how quickly her need was growing she knew by the time they got back she would be bursting.

Ten minutes later and she was definitely needing a wee. She had quickly gone from needing to go to being busting and every so often she was getting waves of need that spiked her desperation. She was just glad they were getting closer. She was so focused on the growing pressure she didn’t hear Lucy at first. It was only when Hannah commented “Yeah me too” that Kayleigh asked what she meant.

“Oh, Lucy was just saying that she needs to pee, I do too” replied Hannah.

“Ahhh, me three” added Kayleigh, glad she wasn’t the only one needing to go.

They continued on and eventually they saw the sign for their hotel. They crossed over and as they got nearer Kayleigh was happy they were back. She was seriously needing a wee. She would decide whether to head to Hannah’s room afterwards, her only focus now was getting upstairs to her room and relieving her bursting bladder. They made their way to the elevators and pushed the button. She squirmed as she waited and noticed that Lucy and Hannah were squirmy too. When the lfit arrived they got in and started the slow ascent.

“This lift needs to hurry up before I wet myself” moaned Lucy as she danced on the spot. When it stopped Hannah and Tom got out and said the offer still stood if anyone wanted to pop by. When the lift closed and continued its ascent Kayleigh found herself echoing Lucy’s statement. She wasn’t quite at the point where she was in trouble of wetting herself but she was getting desperate. When they finally reached their floor Lucy dashed out the moment the doors opened and she dashed down the corridor followed by Mike. Kayleigh quickly went down the opposite corridor towards her room and fished out her keycard. She was thankful when it opened the first try and she dashed into the room, kicking off her shoes and throwing down her bag.

She dashed into the bathroom and fumbled with the zipper on the side of her romper. Being close to the toilet intensified her need and she squeezed her legs tight as she frantically tried to get the zip undone. She finally got it down and wriggled her way out of her suit and peeled it down. She sat herself down and relaxed. It took a moment but soon she was peeing full force and sighing happily. She heard the door go and Claire appeared in the doorway. In her rush she hadn’t closed the door. She was about to apologise but then noticed Claire was squirming and holding herself, clearly desperate to pee.

“Oh god oh god, hurry up babes I’m gonna piss myself”.

Before Kayleigh could even respond Claire dashed into the bathroom and fumbled with her belt, gasping and stepping from foot to foot as she undid her buckle. She got it undone and Kayleigh looked at her shocked as in one quick motion she pulled down her tight black jeans and sat on the edge of the bath. Immediately Kayleigh heard a gushing noise as Claire moaned in relief. She realised she had finished and quickly wiped herself before pulling her knickers back into place and kicking off her romper. She watched as Claire sat there moaning as her pee went on and on. She quickly washed her hands and left the bathroom, quickly pulling on her pyjama top and bottoms. As she sat on the edge of her bed she heard the shower running for a moment before Claire appeared from the bathroom and let out a long sigh.

“Sorry about that Kay, you have no idea how badly I needed that, I was literally wetting myself and couldn’t wait another second”.

Kayleigh smiled and told her it was fine, she was sure if she had been that desperate she would have done the same thing. She watched as Claire changed into her pyjamas and then asked if she was going down to Hannah’s. Claire said she wasn’t, that she was just going to make a drink and chill for a bit before going to sleep. Kayleigh decided that sounded like a good plan and messaged Hannah to let her know.

She got under the covers and switched on the TV whilst Claire made them a cup of tea. They chatted for a bit whilst they drank their tea and then turned their attention to the TV. Kayleigh pulled out her phone and messaged Matt telling him she was back and tucked up in bed and settled down to wait for his reply.

