Revenge of the Geeky Ex-Wannabe-Boyfriend

Author: garageguy

*000*2018-08-20 19:39

This is a time-crunch rewrite. Hope it's good. No omorashi yet, just intro. But it's coming. Aim for the bucke... err, enjoy!

"Well, I suppose I could..." Rick's hopes rose high, but Ashley wasn't done yet. "...but I don't think It would work out. I mean, it would be really awkward with me paying for everything, and having to go there really early so you had time to catch up on your undersized bycicle. And plus, I kinda have some important stuff I needed to do anyway. Like, there's this dumb TV show that only comes on on Friday night, and I'd have to miss it if I went out with you." She slipped on her backpack. "So, really sorry about that." She turned and walked away.

Rick couldn't help admiring her figure as she strode off. Her silky and long blonde hair trailing in the air behind her, slick bell-bottom jeans, and the way she had held perfectly realistic tones through the entire sarcasm was just flat out impressive. but then the pain started to hit. Thankfully he hadn't put too much emotional money on the table. He had shot high on a whim, and gone belly skidding into the mud. He only wondered how Matt was doing on his side of the dare with Ashley's best friend, Rebecca. But given that Ashley's beauty had only been skin deep, he went ahead and checked his funds for their hard-times favorite at the all-night pizza parlor.

*004*2018-08-20 23:38

{{2 hours ago, Sake said:

Here's some advice: If you're strapped for time, start up a word document and write in there until you have a finished product.

Frankly, it's just irresponsible to try to conjure something up right here without having it backed up elsewhere for a lot of reasons, but right now it would definitely help you if you took the time to make sure you have something off-site that you're proud of before tossing it up here. Not having time hardly excuses only being able to come up with a paragraph as your post.

}}

I understand. Misconceptions about what other writers did. I'm new at this, but could have figured it out from other writing projects. I did it partially because I was mad. I'm sorry.

The question is, what to do now? I think I've gotten myself into a real mess. If I leave it as is for too long that can't be good. But if I keep tossing it up here it could be bad quality work.

I guess I'm asking anyone who reads this to please not downvote it. I have learned my lesson. I think there is some penalty for a reputation dropping below a certain level.

{{20 minutes ago, etoile said:

No one is on the edge of their seats waiting for you to post. Nothing is forcing you to post half-finished work. People will appreciate something finished in a week much more than something rushed and sloppy in an hour.

}}

Understood. I was mad about something else, and wasn't thinking clearly. I'm sorry.

*006*2018-08-20 23:49

{{19 minutes ago, Sake said:

More importantly, even if people are massively hyped for the next update to someone's fiction/interactive/game/etc., it's because the artist they're following has a habit of taking their time to make quality content, so that big space of time where a couple dozen people are sitting there hoping the update is soon is only a big space of time because the update at the end of it has had all this time dedicated to it.

That's the kind of name you want to make for yourself. You don't want to be the guy who ends up being known for rushing out content just for the sake of having content. Take the time to make sure that it's up to your standards, at least (after all, if you don't like it, how can you expect anyone else to?). If you know it's rushed, don't waste anyone's time putting it out, just sit there and work on it until it's done.

That one Miyamoto quote applies perfectly here. "A delayed game is eventually good, but a rushed game is forever bad." Do not be the guy that rushes through stuff, because once you end up with that sort of reputation it's going to be a long and hard fight to shake it.

Seriously, garage, take a step back, slow the hell down, and get your stories organized and finished before you post them. Nobody's going to want to read a story if each update to it is a single paragraph.

}}

Got it.

Okay, I'm going to blurt the hopefully non-offensive truth. I have currently a reputation of -20, and one upvote does not appear to have the equal effect of one downvote. Frankly, I'm panicking. I vaguely remember a warning about reputation dropping below some level, and I don't want to hit it.

{{3 minutes ago, Sake said:

You fix it and post a finished product, if this is still what you want to do.

}}

Had not seen that yet. Yes, I do.

*007*2018-08-20 23:55

I can and am willing to do that. I just had a false assumption that everyone wrote as they posted, so to speak, and I was being unprofessional or I-don't-care-what-you-think-ish if I did otherwise.

The one thing I've been really concerned about is that I might chicken out easier. I've felt before that posting it in bits would help keep accountability.

Well, I think the chicken has crossed the road, or rather tried to. Will come back later with better. Thankyou for the advice.

*009*2018-08-21 01:00

Thank you.

