The Heartwarming Flood - Relief Routines

Author: Guest AromaticPee

*000*2022-05-24 21:47

Disclaimer: Noel will not be covered in this section because he's not into or involved with anything to do with pee, unlike the other characters in the story.

Now that Intermission 2 is up, let's talk about The Heartwarming Flood's cast's bathroom habits, what each person does when they wet themselves, their clothes under their pants, and knacks they have.

###

Tracy

Where She Pees: she'll pee anywhere and on anything. Tracy doesn't care whether it's in the trash, underwater, or on vegetation. As long as she can hear it splashing, see it clearly, and/or smell the ammonia it leaves, Tracy will gladly relieve herself. It's even better for her if someone else is watching...

When She Wets Herself...: she's relieved nonetheless. "It's not like it's all bad, you know? Just smelly... and warm."

What She Commonly Wears Down There: Tracy doesn't wear anything under her pants.

Common Knacks: keeps wet clothes off her body, even in front of others; never shakes hands (prefers to kiss instead: "A kiss is healthier, if more crass!"); often does naughty things in public. She's not that ticklish, but others peeing on her REALLY gets her in a giggly mood.

###

George

Where He Pees: almost exclusively in the nearest toilet or substitute for it. On rare occasions, he'll spring a leak on Tracy when ageplaying.

When He Wets Himself...: he cries like a baby.

What He Commonly Wears Down There: boxer briefs. "If only I could wear a diaper..."

Common Knacks: tries his hardest to hide his ABDL personality in front of strangers; often acts like a baby when with Tracy. Sometimes, he'll say things like "goo goo gaga" when he wants to be alone with her and trusted friends.

###

Riley

Where She Pees: prefers to pee in a bathroom. However, Riley's also willing to pee in less ideal places like in a sink or on a wall. She never pees in large bodies of water.

When She Wets Herself...: she shrugs and yawns, "Oh well. At least it's out now."

What She Commonly Wears Down There: panties

Common Knacks: almost always sleepwalks to her destination, except for at night or when she's at home on the weekends; does most things in her bed, including naughty activities. She enjoys masturbating anywhere she can.

###

Hailey

Where She Pees: she has a shy bladder except for when Riley pees with her. Most of the time, it's seemingly linked with Riley's bladder, meaning where Riley pees, Hailey pees, and vice versa. Unlike Riley, she's okay with peeing in large bodies of water if she's done swimming in them.

When She Wets Herself...: she yanks down her pants, quickly squats, and lets the rest of the pee flow out of her. If she's in a pool when it happens, she pulls her swimsuit to the side as she leaks the rest of it out.

What She Commonly Wears Down There: panties or a swimsuit

Common Knacks: always mispronounces the word "masturbation." Hailey talks with Riley during their pee breaks. They even converse when bathing or taking a shower together! Very rarely does Hailey masturbate or do other naughty things.

###

Allister/Alice

Where They Pee: the place that'd make the least noise

When They Wet Themselves...: it's mostly out of desperation, but sometimes they wet out of fear. Alice likes the warmth either way.

What They Commonly Wear Down There: a diaper or pull-up

Common Knacks: acts like she's in a D&D setting. Alice is always super attentive to sounds and very easily startled. In a lonely place (which they call a "dungeon"), they easily get paranoid from what "monsters" might be waiting for them at every corner. They try to stay as quiet as possible and hope nothing "ambushes" them.

