Desperate x 2 - Twins stories

Author: Guest dirk88

*000*2017-04-24 10:01

First I need to mention that this story is true in it's majority, because my cousins did visit me and spent some time at my place. They are super cute and good-looking, and just turned 18. And they were holding it quite a lot on our trips. But I place it here on fiction because I also want to write a lot of extra chapters, and some side stories that I'd have loved to witness.

Apart from that, enjoy and feel free to comment and ask details of the stories.

===================================

Desperate Twins

My cousins Sofia and Lauren just turned 18 last month, and they decided to visit me and stay at my home for a couple of days, since I study abroad and they wanted to travel to Europe and get to know the city while saving on hotels and stuff. I refer to them as cousins, but the truth is they're very far relatives only, since they're daughters of a political cousin of my mother. Anyways.

They are twins, and they look exactly the same: long brown hair, beautiful caramel-brown eyes and a nice body. They're not so tall being around 155 cm, and they have almost flat chests, but they both have great butts and firm legs, and that simply compensate their lack of boobs. The truth is they were born in the Caribbean, and they have that latin look with a gorgeous tan and a playful, spanish accent.

So, even before they arrived I was already hoping to see them in any kind of desperate situation. And turns out I wasn't disappointed, because they often were holding it intentionally. I'll get to the point later, but I can directly tell they proved to have pretty strong bladders and to hold it a lot.

Chapter 1 - Arrival and first day

I went to pick them from the airport at around 7am. It was a Saturday morning, and particularly cold since we were on winter. The plane had landed at 07:05 after a long 9+ hours non-stop flight. I went to the arrival terminal and waited outside. At around 07:30 they finally came out of the doors. They were super cheerful and we started to talk about their trip and everything.

S-"The flight was super long!"

L-"Oh yes it was soo long, I'm so happy we finally landed"

S-"Yes it was crazy. And I didn't like the food in particular. I just skipped breakfast and only had apple juice"

L-"Oh yes the food was awful. Can we get some snacks for the trip home? We're starving"

We walked to a small shop and grabbed some sandwiches. Sofia grabbed a water bottle and Lauren followed with a big Arizona iced tea, 680 ml. I didn't give it much thought at the moment, but our trip home is more than an hour, and it was an aluminum can so there was no way to put a cap and save the drink for later. Nevermind. We sat in the tables for a while, ate together and immediately started for the train station. L was constantly sipping from her tea, and S already had her bottle halfway empty before even getting on the train.

We paid the tickets and just walked through the checker machines, when suddenly S turned and asked me with a slightly troubled face:

S-"Oh by the way, are there any toilets on this station? I forgot to use the ladies while looking for my backpack back there."

L-"I could use the restroom as well..."

I told them I'd look for a toilet, but we already crossed the checkpoint and there were really no toilets at that point. So I asked if they could wait a little until we reached the central station.

S-"Yes of course, it's not that urgent. I can wait."

Me-"And you L?"

L-"Me too. I'm fine."

We got to the platform and found out we had missed the train for just two minutes. The next one was departing in almost a quarter of hour. I suggested to get to a bench and sit there, and so we did. L was speaking continuously, really excited to be there, but S seemed to be alone in her own thoughts. She sat on the edge of the bench and placed her hands on her thighs, and tried to join the conversation casually. I went to check the train route on the maps, and I heard them speaking alone.

S-"Do you want some tea L? I'm too full, this can is too big for me"

L-"Let me try just to see how it tastes". -She grabbed the can, drank some and returned it. -"Oh I really like it! What is it, peach?"

S-"Yes it is. But keep it! I cannot drink anymore"

L-"Ok ok, I'll help then."

Lauren actually finished the can and dropped it to the trashcan before getting in our train. I was getting super distracted by all this but decided to keep talking and forgetting their troubles for a while.

Everything went fine. We got our train and were traveling to the central station, about half an hour away. The train had no toilets so the girls just had to sit and keep waiting. They were trying to act as casual as possible, especially S, but occasionally she shifted her legs or just bounce one of her legs up an down, biting her lips from time to time. She was getting more and more uncomfortable, but she was still trying to avoid looking desperate and kept talking just as if nothing happened. We spent the trip chatting about family and study and stuff, and eventually we got to the central station.

S-"At last! Can we look for a toilet now? I really need one".

Me-"Sure! Let's go".

I took them directly to the next public toilets available, and S made a dash and went directly inside. L followed right after, but I forgot to tell they needed to pay one euro each to use it. They returned one minute later, and S was looking at her limit. She was bending over a little and kept one hand placed softly at her pelvis, right in front of her bladder. L was not that desperate, but she was also shifting her weight from one leg to the other, trying not to squirm too much.

I looked in my pockets and just found one coin of 50 cents. But they were two, and the ticket machine at the restrooms wouldn't let them both get in with just that.

Me-"Ehm sorry but we need to get some change. Can you wait here just a little more? I will be right back".

S-"Ok but pleeease hurry up, yes?"

Me-"I will"

I went to the first bakery I could find and asked for some change. Then I returned to the girls and they were looking really at the limit. Both were doing a pretty cute pee dance, and as soon as they saw me they almost ran towards me.

S-"We've got a problem!"

Me-"What is it?"

L-"Well, we don't speak the language. But one old lady just came and said some strange stuff to us -and we didn't understand a thing- then pointed in that direction and entered the bathroom with a lot of cleaning stuff."

S-"And now we think the restrooms are closed for cleaning! What are we going to do?"

I just couldn't believe the strike of luck I just had. They both kept their cute dance while I was still thinking, and told them that the next bathrooms were at the opposite end of the station.

L-"I could probably wait until we get home, but I don't know about you S"

S-"I don't know, I really need to go"

L-"That bad?"

S-"Yes! I've been holding it for quite a while now"

L-"Uh. Just try, we're not that far from your place, are we?

Me-"Well it's not reaally that far only 15 minutes, but..."

S-"Ok ok fine, let's get going but hurry up. I'm a lady in trouble now"

We hurried to our platform and barely catched our train. S was looking openly desperate now, and she was squirming in her seat with her legs really pressed together. L was sitting in front of her, and she was really quiet now, thinking on her poor sis and maybe concentrating on her own bladder. The train was going fast but S seemed really worried and kept looking at her watch.

Finally we arrived to our station. S was barely able to walk now, she gave very small steps and walked hurriedly without talking to anyone but herself. -"I gotta pee, I gotta pee..."- She was constantly repeating it and from time to time she stopped walking and lifted one leg in place, as to regain control.

Me-"It's only 200 m to my place, are you sure you're ok?"

S-"I'm about to pee myself just hurry up!"

We walked as fast as possible and finally made it home, but I live on the third floor and there's no elevator on this building.

S-"Stairs, seriously!?"

She ran up and we followed, I unlocked the door and she went straight to the bathroom. We got in and left our stuff in the living room, and suddenly we heard like a river flowing, a lot of hissing and a relaxed moan. -"Aahh finally! This is heaven"-she cried from inside the bathroom.

L-"Just hurry up sis, I also gotta pee pretty bad"

She was now dancing in one place while she waited for her sister to finish.

S got out, L entered and also peed a lot. They both barely made it, and I thought it was not a bad start... I like to think they arrived with a small wet patch in their panties -at least S definitely would have lost some drops at the last moments- but I guess I'll never know.

"I'd love to be able to see them this desperate again" -were my thoughts at that moment. The destiny didn't disappoint me.

To be continued :)

*003*2017-04-28 09:17

Chapter 2 - Holding challenge

The next day we woke up around 7-8 am and had a nice breakfast, consisting of scrambled eggs, toasts with marmalade and ham, orange juice and some tea. I don't like coffee, but I offered them a cup and S took one instead of her tea.

At 9 am we left the house, and went directly to the city center to pass the day. The city is huge and there's a lot to do, so we decided to get to the beach and just walk around until we find something better to do.

On our way to the central station we passed a small shop to pick some snacks, and L found some strange bottles in the fridges. They were Fanta, but the bottle was blue and the label didn't said what was the flavor.

L-"Hey S look! This Fanta is blue!"

S-"Noo way! What's this?"

Me-"Oh it's blue Fanta. Wanna try?"

L&S-"Of course!"

Me-"Ok just wait a moment"

I picked two bottles of 600 ml each, paid them and gave one to each girl. We walked out of the store and the girls were completely focused on the drinks.

S-"Haha this is crazy! I want to take a picture"

She took a long gulp from the bottle while L took a picture. Then they switched places and finally took a picture together. They were crazed about it and kept drinking and tasting the weird stuff.

L-"It tastes like grapefruit... But with something else"

S-"Yes it's definitely grapefruit"

In ten minutes they already drank more than half bottle each, and they kept sipping from the bottle on the train until both finished.

Me-"Wow you both were really thirsty!"

S-"Hehe yes, it was good"

L-"Now what do we do?"

Me-"I think we have a lot of options. We can get inside a boat and have a ride, or we can go to the museums"

L-"Let's go to the boats! I've never been into one"

Me-"OK let's go!"

A boat trip is it then. I took them to the port and got the three tickets, and since we had some time left I went to pick a bottle of water for myself. I got a one-liter bottle since it was a particularly warm day and I was sure the girls would ask me for some water later.

The ride was pretty good, we started at 10 a.m. and they took us through the river and right to the middle of the lake. The girls were enjoying the ride and we spent around 40 minutes relaxing on board of the small boat. Around 11 a.m. we were heading back to the port, and ten minutes later we were disembarking.

By this time I was starting to look for any sign showing that the girls needed a restroom, but they were as cheerful and talkative as always.

Me-"Let's head back to the city! It's time to see the City Hall and walk a little around the main street. Maybe we can have lunch there"

S-"Sounds good!"

A short metro ride and we were there. We spent another hour walking and looking at the city and the buildings, and by that time we started to think about lunch. It was already noon, and the girls had been out for more than four hours. S had a cup of coffee, a small glass of orange juice and the 600 ml Fanta. L also had about the same amount of liquids. They surely had to be needing a pee. But they didn't mention it so I kept quiet.

We took the fastest and cheapest option, which was grabbing a sandwich to go at the central station. The girls picked their options, and then S got a diet coke and L picked up an iced tea.

Me-"Are you sure you're ok with that?" -I was looking at their drinks and at the way they were drinking them.

S-"With what?"

Me-"Nevermind"

We then sat to a bench nearby and ate our meal. Now it was getting really interesting. They were drinking a lot and neither of them said a thing about the restrooms. They looked comfortable, but I was certain something was going on.

Me-"Ok let's move on!"

L-"Sure!"

The next hour was the lucky hour. We were walking though the main street and they found a really nice clothing store, so they immediately decided to go inside. They were looking through the cute summer designs and L found a beautiful floral dress. She decided to try it out, so I stood outside the dressing rooms waiting with S.

S-"I think I gotta pee." -She said it casually, shifting her weight from one leg to the other.

Me-"We can ask for the toilets here if you want"

S-"I'm fine, it's not really urgent"

L just came out of the dresser and showed us the cute dress she was wearing. It was a soft fabric, and her body was perfect for it.

L-"Isn't it too tight in the stomach?"

S-"No no, it looks great!"

L-"Hmm I don't know, maybe it's just my bladder because I really need to wee" -she said it while pressing the dress against her bladder, and it really looked full.

S-"Oh you too? I gotta go as well"

L-"Let's just get out of here, we will look for a toilet in the city".

We walked outside the store. They were walking normally, but now I knew they were both needing to pee. After all that liquid it was obvious they would reach that point.

Me-"Are you sure you are ok? You barely made it yesterday to my place"

S-"Oh don't worry, we're used to it"

Me-"Used to what?

S-"To hold it in."

Me-"How is that so?"

L-"The thing is, we never used the toilets at school. The teachers were super strict and wouldn't let us anyways. And the bathrooms are a mess. So we're really used to be full."

S-"I used to hold it for hours every day... and some days I'd have to wait until home."

L-"Haha I remember. You always ran to the toilet as soon as we open the door."

S-"But you did it as well!"

L-"Yes but I can hold way much longer than you..."

S-"Really? Because that's not how I remember it. You always begged me to let you go first."

L-"Haha that's not true, you were fidgeting as soon as we got on the school bus and couldn't even stay still..."

S-"That's nonsense. You know what? I'll prove my point. I won't use a toilet today unless you go first. I'm sure I can hold it longer."

L-"So be it! I won't go first. You'll regret it, I will last longer and you'll be squirming as always, begging me to let you go."

S-"Let's see."

L-"Let's see."

I was speechless. They were starting a holding challenge by mutual agreement, and considering they were both physically identical, I supposed they would be bursting at about the same time. They surely needed to pee quite bad already, but now their own sister pride wouldn't let them lose against the other.

We were now walking through the smaller streets of the city, but it was getting late and we decided to return to the central station. It was around 3:30 p.m. and I knew they both would like to be near home because their bladders were getting full. It was just a matter of time.

As soon as we got to the central station, I told them that I'd like to use the restrooms myself. They looked to each other and said they were fine. I used the loo and came back, and found them trying to pretend like nothing was really happening.

Me-"Are you sure you don't want to pee now?"

S-"I said I'm fine. Is L who is in trouble."

L-"Haha you'd wish. I can hold it for hours."

Me-"Ok. Then let's go. What do you want to do?"

L-"It's already 4:15 p.m., I'm a little bit tired. Maybe we can find a place to rest and talk for a while"

Me-"I know a small cafeteria that's really nice"

S-"Sounds nice, let's go!"

We walked to the place, but the girls were now walking with smaller steps and weren't as talkative as always. They were getting close to the limit. But none of them wanted to lose.

As soon as we got to the place, they looked for a table and sat down with the legs closed. S had her hands on her thighs and L was nervously bouncing in her seat.

Me-"I'll get a small capuccino. Would you like something?"

S-"I'll take one too." -she was looking directly at L, as to challenge her to keep up with her.

L-"One for me too!"

They started drinking very carefully from their coffee, and they knew they'd regret it. By the time we finished it was already past five. It was about that time when S started to break.

S-"Umm do you think we can get back home soon? I'm a bit tired"

Me-"It's a good idea, let's go back"

We went to the platform and got our train, and now they were completely quiet, looking at each other and trying to avoid looking desperate.

S-"You surely need to pee by now L, do you?"

L-"Of course I do. We've been drinking all day, I really need the loo. But you must be full too, aren't you?

S-"Yes I do, I'm really full too. But I'm still convinced I can hold it longer."

L-"I don't think so."

They were starting to squirm and really looked about to explode. After all, they had two soft drinks, two cups of coffee and some juice, and now all that liquid was in their bladders, so they were really having to restrain themselves and act like nothing happened.

We got out of the train and hurriedly walked to my home. As soon as I opened the door, both girls rushed in and went to sit down at the couch in the living room. They stopped trying to look casual and finally talked frankly about it. Both had a hand between their legs and they were both squirming a lot and trying to hold it in.

L-"Desperate now sis?"

S-"You're desperate too!"

L-"Just go first, I'll go right after"

S-"Ohh no I won't lose"

L-"I will not go first..."

They were holding it desperately. I was sitting right in front of them and didn't said a thing. S was now sitting on her heel and L was grabbing herself like a ten-year-old. Suddenly S stood up and started walking around the house, and L did the same. They were walking, but they lifted their legs a lot, almost like marching, and kept grabbing themselves.

Ten minutes later S started to moan, and she finally resigned and ran to the toilet. Finally! The sound of her peeing in the toiled could be heard from all the house. She was literally bursting, and she peed for a long time. In that time L was grabbing herself and biting her lips, and suddenly she stopped moving.

L-"Oh no... I can't hold it any longer... I can't..."

She was about to pee herself. At that moment S came out of the bathroom and she of course ran into it. She didn't even bother to close the door, she pee full-force for almost a minute too.

After that they both changed clothes into comfortable shorts and white cotton shirts, and they left all their clothes in a laundry basket in the bathroom. I went to the toilet myself pretending to use it, and discretely looked into the basket and checked their clothes. The jeans L was wearing had a slightly wet spot right in front of her crotch. She definitely was leaking a lot and had peed while she was waiting for her sister to finish. Her panties were completely soaked. As for S, her panties had also a wet spot but not as big as the other. And also her jeans were dry. For me it was clear, L had a smaller bladder and she almost lost it there.

It was a really interesting day. The girls had a real holding contest, and later when I asked, they said it was usual for them.

S-"We will tell you a secret."

L-"We saw the way you looked at us. And you seemed to enjoy a lot watching us getting full and needing to pee a lot."

S-"The thing is, we have good holding skills and in fact we like to compete and hold it like this, from time to time"

L-"And, since you're kinda hot and we like you, maybe we can let you judge and keep the score for our little contests."

S-"So what do you think? You're in?"

L-"Come on, we know you like it"

To be sincere, I had no idea what to reply for some seconds. Then evidently I replied.

Me-"Of course I'll help!"

And that's how the visit from these hot, twin sisters got a lot more interesting. From that day on, it was just normal to keep them holding and away from the toilets, and they'd gladly drink and keep it in just for the fun of it.

It was going to be a really interesting month.

###

I hope you enjoyed the second chapter. Feel free to add comments and ideas for new chapters! I'm planning to take the girls to a pub for some beer and maybe a Bladder Burst event (those where there's free beer until someone pees) but I think there are a lot of interesting scenarios

Also tell me how can I improve the stories, I'd love to write better fics ;)

Cheers!

*004*2017-04-28 16:53

Perhaps a contest to see who can hold the most (measured) or maybe a distance contest.

