The Rise of a Wetfur (Scourge Warriors Fanfic)

Author: Gaystripe

*000*2019-09-19 04:40

PART ONE (TINY'S POV)

I would have done anything to grow bigger.

Those were the latest thoughts in my small head as my brother and sister wrestled across the soft bedding. "Now, now,"--Mama Quince touched the two with her soft tail--"Be easy, Socks and Ruby, I don't want another scratch to lick." The soft gray cat purred as she beckoned them off to play again.

Socks and Ruby, if you may ask, are indeed my siblings. They've been teasing away at me since the first time I wet the nest. It.. it happens alot. It's not fun to think about it. I wish.. I wish I had been born more mature, big, and NOT a wetfur. It makes me feel so scrawny an--

"Heyo, Tiny! Name fits ya well, huh?" Socks laughed as he loomed over me, with the same menacing grin i'd seen over and over again when he was about to do something bad. "Yeah, wetfur!" Ruby pounced over beside Socks, as they roared with laughter.

"I'm not Tiny! I'm Starkiller, fierce wild cat of the forest! I eat live kittens for dinner!" I tried to boom, but it came out as a mewl. "Wow, soooo scared!!" Ruby fake pouted, Socks shuffling his paws. I felt a familiar twinge in my, indeed, tiny bladder. Here we go again..

Socks leaped at me, pummeling my belly with little claws out. I let out a mewl, my bladder sending a shock of desperation. A small spurt came out, but I stopped it with an awkward barrel roll. "Mama! Mama! Socks is gonna KILL ME!!" I ran for the edge of the nest where our now asleep mother was, climbing over her back and mewling for attention.

"Agh! What's wrong?!" Her eyelids flew up, turning her head to grab me from behind her and put me between her paws. "What did you two do to him this time..?" She sighed, from my view upset, as she examined the marks on my belly. "We were just playing! He's an over dramatic baby!" Ruby huffed, smiling at Socks.

Quince shook her head, bringing all of us close and licking our heads. "No rough housing with Tiny, you got it? Tiny, let me know if this happens again." She sighed, rather stern in her tone. "Now sleep, i'll have no more fighting." She cuddled us together, my siblings clearly hating me there.

I nodded, understanding (although it was painful to accept), and trekked to the edge of the nest. I curled up, completely forgetting the wave of pain in my bladder...

