Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - A GT Story; Bulla's (Bra's) Emergency

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-25 20:12

Back in the Timeline where the Black Star Dragon Balls existed, Bulla is at the Mall shopping all by herself during the time her older brother Trunks was sent to space to look for the Black Star Dragon Balls with Goku & Pan. This what about to be Bulla's worst day at the mall due to her "Emergency".....

Bulla: Okay maybe drinking 3 water bottles & 2 lattes were not a good idea to start off my day here at the Mall *holding her groin area that is her red skirt*

Bulla: I think I can hold it at least an hour---Nope! I really got to go!

(Begins to search for the Restrooms & ask people for Directions)

Bulla: Excuse me ma'am do you know where the restrooms are?

Woman #1 (Shopper): Hmm I think I saw them upstairs on the left side in the Mall

Bulla: Thanks!

(Hurries upstairs & runs to the left side of the mall)

Bulla: Aw man! It's closed for cleaning. Excuse Miss Janitor but when will the restroom be open?

Woman #2 (Janitor): Sorry I just started it's going to take about 15 minutes

Bulla: Crap but I really have to go!

Woman #2 (Janitor): Tell you what, you can use the Men's Room while I can keep my eye out to make sure you won't be embarrassed.

Bulla: What no way I'm doing that!

Woman #2 (Janitor): Too bad sweetie these are the only Restrooms in the Mall.

Bulla: (Dammit! I guess I have no choice then) Okay then I'll use the Men's Room just keep an eye out of Boys who might use it.

Woman #2 (Janitor): Sure thing.

(Bulla enters the Men's Restroom)

Bulla: Oh crap I don't think I'm going to make it in time! Huh? This toilet on the wall must be a urinal for boys to pee in. I'm gonna use it.

Bulla: This is the first time I'm peeing like this... to be honest... I'm nervous

(Bulla pulls down her Panties all the way down & lefts up her skirt plus positioning herself to Pee Stand Up)

Bulla: Okay you can do this, just relax, stay calm, & think that you are a waterfall *starts to pee in urinal*

Bulla: Mmm... Aaahhh *smiles in relief* much better--- Huh? *pee's uncontrollably* Oh no I'm accidentally getting urine on my legs!

Bulla: Ah crap I'm getting some on my hands too! *still peeing uncontrollably* Must. Aim. In. Urinal. Wuh? Oh eee! *slips back from her own urine on the floor*

Woman #2 (Janitor): *Opens Door* I heard a scream what's wrong!? Huh?

Bulla: *stops peeing* I'm sorry I didn't mean to make such a mess *starts crying* I'm so embarrassed!

Woman #2 (Janitor): Don't worry I'll get this cleaned up

After making a scene Bulla washes up back at her house and made her parents disappointed so disappointed that Bulma insists Vegeta to keep an eye on her if she is planning to go shopping again which means Vegeta has no choice but to accompany her next time.

$$

*002*2017-09-26 16:03

{{53 minutes ago, poads said:

Another good story, but I don't understand why Bulla didn't just use a regular toilet in the men's room.

}}

It's because I wrote her that she will be in a hurry & thought she would try something new for a change instead of the Usual Toilet routine. Thanks anyways though :) I wrote another story about Videl but I added in some "Spice" to her new story.

*004*2017-09-27 01:34

{{2 hours ago, bibibibi said:

Great story, I always appreciate some urinal pissing, but I think it would be better if being saiyan gave her the special ability to pee more forwards than most women.

}}

Thanks and that would be interesting. Maybe I can use that for Fasha & Gine.

*006*2017-09-28 05:07

{{51 minutes ago, bibibibi said:

What about a contest between bulla and pan to see who can pee farther, after discovering that being part saiyan means both of them pee much more forwards than other women. bulla, being half saiyan, wins

Oher ideas:

Krillin learns that 18 was designed to be able to pee through the fly perfectly, and she can use the urinal.

}}

Wow such fascinating ideas. I'll think about it. Who knows I might use them to implement them as my own while giving you credit.

