Roadtrip in Space

Author: Guest FlowerMouse

*000*2019-10-20 04:33

This was written in 2 hours late at night (it's past midnight when I'm writing this) so don't judge me ;-; Also the formatting is weird because I copy-pasted it bc typing things in a forum box is nasty

Ethan chugged the last drop of soda, as he threw the plastic bottle behind him, hitting the three other bottled he had already drank. He was aboard his friend's space ship, traveling at near-light speed, and was really, really bored.

"Want the last of my chips?" May asked, who was sitting next to him, equally bored.

Ethan shook his head, looking wistfully into the starry sky, dashing behind him.

"No? Well, sucks for you then, 'cause these are really good chips," she quipped.

She dug her blue hands into the bag, scraping out the dregs. The small, crushed bits popped into her aquamarine mouth gracefully. She moved her bubblegum pink hair out of the bag. It was only when she tossed the plastic into a compartment behind her that she noticed her friend's mood.

"Space is like a bag of potato chips," she explained, "Once you've eaten one, you've eaten them all."

Ethan turned around to make a confused face at the alien. She barked in laugher, then tried to explain her advice. After a few minutes of puzzling back and forth comments, they got nowhere, and moved on.

"I wasn't even thinking about space. I was thinking about how small of a chance that I got to be friends with an alien. You had to land in Kentucky, be in my city, and be zoned in my school for us to meet. Do you realize how small of a chance that was?"

"Nope. My single-celled brain cannot comprehend such numbers. However, I'm sure the computer can!"

She barked a few orders at the computer.

"Fifty percent."

"Are you sure?" Ethan asked.

"Yep."

He continued, "Well, that just made my whole rant useless."

The two laughed, as Ethan grabbed a water bottle. He took a swig, then sat it down at his feet. After a moment, he crossed his legs.

"Hey, uh, I suppose you don't have a bathroom in here, with your ship being one room and all that," Ethan commented.

May's eyes shot open.

"Oh, yeah," she muttered guiltily, "I forgot about your waste products..."

With a hint of irritation in his voice, he remarked, "How long have you been living among humans?"

"Erm... Two years?"

Ethan sighed, discontented, as he stared into space.

He asked, "How long until we get there?"

"Let's see... Three hours!"

He made a confident noise, which could be described as a 'pssshh'.

"I can hold it," he stated, feeling optimistic.

However, after half an hour, he was wiggling in his seat. Worrisome signals danced up his spine. He crossed and uncrossed his legs.

"Okay, fine. I have to pee," he admitted, embarrased.

"Called it!" she quipped.

Ethan's light skin turned a moderate pink.

May jeered, "Aww, look! You're blushing! I wish I could do that."

His skin took on a bright red. He resisted grabbing himself, but a sudden surge made his hands panic. His hands tried not to apply pressure to his swollen bladder, but sitting down, it was difficult not to. A small whine escaped his lips, making his face even redder.

She was overtaken by how weirdly adorable he was in this state. However, she recognized that he wasn't going to admit defeat, even at his his limit; which meant disaster for her seats! She grouped around the small space behind her seat.

"Here's a bottle," she offered.

She shoved the soda bottle to his chest, along with the cap.

"Thanks," he mumbled.

He shuffled in his seat, pointing his back towards her. His hands grabbed his zipper, when he felt a prickling sensation on his neck.

He exclaimed, "Well, don't look at me!"

"Oh, yeah! Whoops."

She turned around in her seat, drumming her fingers on the chair rest. She couldn't help but stare at his reflection on the window.

Ethan was primed and ready to relieve himself; all he needed to do was relax. Relax. Easier said than done. With his friend by his side, he felt oddly exposed. His bladder begged for release, but his human brain sat, apathetic to the organ's needs. The social part of his brain recognised that there was potential for him to be made fun of. His bladder would scream for it to be over, but his brain would not have it. He muttered a curse under his breath.

"This is going to sound weird, but," he admitted, "I can't do it."

She scooted to face him.

"Why not?" she asked, innocently curious. She hoped no malice was in her voice; she didn't want to make him feel bad.

Guiltily scratching behind his head, he murmured, "I think it's because your presence, um... Makes me nervous? I don't know it's weird."

"I'm your friend! You can trust me."

"I know that. It's just..."

His face grew embarrased, shameful. He bounced in his seat, as he crossed his legs. His bladder was getting dangerously uncomfortable.

"Do you feel romantic attraction?" he asked.

She nodded.

"Well, um..." he paused for a moment, collecting his thoughts, "I think you get the hint," he murmurred, adding a small laugh at the end.

She cocked her head, stating, "What hint?"

Ethan sighed, grabbing at his crotch again. He double-crossed his legs, and carefully slipped his hands out.

"What I'm trying to say is that you'd be a great girlfriend."

"And you'd be a pretty good boyfriend, too!" she stated sweetly.

His jaw dropped, and his eyes widened.

"Wait, you'd want to go on dates and stuff?" he asked, dumbfounded.

Smiling wide, she exclaimed, "Yeah, that'd be great!"

"It was that easy?!" he shouted, punching himself in the gut (mentally) for holding his feelings back for a year.

Suddenly, a gargantuan shockwave slithered down his spine. He felt his bladder's muscles give way. Pressure that had been building up was now being released like a shaken soda bottle. Stating a slew of curses out loud, he pulled down his pants, and stuck his genitalia inside the bottle. The ship filled with the noise of hot urine blasting the inside of the bottle. He let out his breath in small, satisfied pants, as pressure decreased. May quickly looked away, but before she knew it, her gaze was drawn in. Pleasure traveled through his body, as the bottle quickly began filling up. Before he could fully enjoy his catharsis, however, urine quickly filled to the top.

Panicking, he removed his genitalia from the bottle, and screwed on the cap. However, his muscles were too exausted to stop the flow that seemed to continue forever. Piss spilled onto his thighs. He said even more curse words, at a louder volume. May aquired another bottle, but by the time she grabbed it, the damage had already been done. A large, visible stain adorned his pants.

Holding up the pee bottle triumphantly, with an embarrased grin, he stated, "Mission almost accomplished."

The two's laugher echoed in the small spaceship. He sent the pee bottle into outer space, as May searched her storage boxes for clothes. She was overjoyed when she found some pants. She was extra pleased, as he allowed her to watch him take off his clothes.

After hours of some chatting and boredom, they reached their destination; May's home planet.

"I needed to visit my parents anyway," she remarked.

They traveled through the planet's thick atmosphere, bashing into clouds. She zeroed in onto a continent. He watched the spectacle of going from seeing a whole planet to seeing little dots of buildings scattering the landscape. However, the closer they got to the surface, the more off it seemed. Fire spread in the distance, while the land looked rugged. May's face was plastered in a mix of horror and shock. Finally, as they landed on the surface, they realized the situation. Destroyed houses covered the land.

"This was my mother's house," she whimpered, pointing to a structure.

The only thing left was steel wires poking out of the ground, with concrete rubble scattered around the perimeter.

"Well, this can't be good," Ethan muttered.

*002*2019-10-25 21:44

Argh i KNEW someone would pester me about it! >:V And thanks :P

*003*2019-10-25 21:49

Also idk if I'm going to continue this one since I have no other ideas for these two (even though I love them both). I'll have to do some major brainstorming D:

