Total Drama Island (What-If): Lindsay & Bridgette's Accident

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2020-06-01 23:38

[This story takes place between episodes "No Pain, No Game" & " Search and Do Not Destroy"]

(few days before the new challenge...)

Lindsay: Heather are you almost done in the restroom!? I have to seriously need to go pee!

Bridgette: Yeah Heather, me & Lindsay just drank too much water in the morning so if you could--

Heather *Yelling*: SHUT UP! It's not MY problem that the two of you have to pee so badly so why not just pee in the woods like EVERYBODY else!

Lindsay *holding her bladder tightly*: Umm I rather not...

Bridgette *holding her bladder tightly*: I'm with Lindsay and I'm still sort of scared to go alone in the woods

Heather *Yelling*: Then just wet yourselves & leave me in peace!

Lindsay *grasping onto her bladder*: Hey Bridge I can go to the woods with you so you... mmm... go alone

Bridgette *grasping onto her bladder as well*: Aw that's sweet... mmm... Lindsay... okay let's go quickly!

(Both Lindsay & Bridgette run quickly into the woods to find their own little private spots to be relieved....)

Bridgette *almost bound to burst*: Found a nice spot near the 2 Trees & Bushes

Lindsay *close to leaking*: *looks around like crazy* Mmm... uhh... I'll go here too!

Bridgette *nearly pulling down her short*: Wait what...!!?? (gets hit by Lindsay's Reckless Run)

*unconscious* Bridgette:.... *a hissing sound*...... uh..... *hissing continues*...... (I feel wet).....

Lindsay *peeing*: Aw so much better.... hopefully Bridge doesn't mind right? *feeling worried*

Bridgette *gaining consciousness*: *hissing sound continues* ooh I feel wet... what the... *see's Lindsay right in front of her when laying on the ground*

Lindsay *still peeing*: Hi Bridge!... um... I hope you don't mind that I am peeing on you right?

(When Lindsay accidentally hit Bridgette on the ground she was in a rush to pee so she'd accidentally pee'd on Bridgette without noticing because Lindsay had her eyes closed until she felt relieved & see that she was accidentally peeing on Bridgette)

Bridgette: *Screaming* LINDSAY I DO MIND!!!

(far from the Camp Grounds)

Gwen: What's with the yelling!?

Trent: Could be the other girls are arguing or something

(back to the scene)

Lindsay *stops peeing*: Sorry Bridge I didn't mean to, I am SO sorry *said sincerely*

Bridgette (all wet): Oh no I must've wet myself while I was unconscious for a moment! Look at my Shorts & Panties!

Lindsay: Actually all of that is from me *nervously giggles*

Bridgette: I think that explains the sharp pain feeling... I... must... relax.... *wets herself uncontrollably* Oh aawww..... much better.... *collapses on the grass/dirt sitting down*

Lindsay: Umm Bridgette, you okay now?...

Bridgette *relieved but came back into senses*: I guess I'm fine but I don't blame you Lindsay, I blame HEATHER! I will be taking a long shower & a good laundry wash!

Lindsay: Oh okay then but I'm still really sorry though, I'll wash your clothes for you... I know take 'em off right now & I'll wash 'em right away!

Bridgette *starts taking off Clothes, completely nude*: Aw thanks Lindsay good thing I don't mind my body being shown in public well at least just not seen from others though

Lindsay: Don't mention... it.... wow Bridge you look beautiful!

Bridgette *blushes*: Oh... um... thank you Lindsay, just don't mention it to anyone

(Both Lindsay & Bridgette part ways to do their errand on Camp Grounds, Bridgette sneaks around to get a towel so she can't be seen by others, maybe except Geoff though)

$$

$$

*002*2020-06-03 13:08

{{21 minutes ago, whimp226 said:

Really likes that glad we could get more TDi. I'm eagerly waiting for more.

}}

I'm happy that you enjoyed it but sadly it is hard to write so it takes alot of time for me to think so it's best to be patient

