Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - ChiChi Has to Pee

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-27 19:31

After Goku's victory against Piccolo Jr. he went on traveling with ChiChi on the Nimbus Cloud to prepare for the Wedding until ChiChi's New Home got caught on Fire so they went on the search for the Bancho Fan to clear it out...

ChiChi: Uh Goku...

Goku: Hmm? Yes ChiChi, what's wrong?

ChiChi: I have to go...

Goku: Uh go where?

ChiChi: Ugh I need to use the restroom

Goku: Oh um there isn't one out here near us do you think you can---

ChiChi: No, I don't think I can hold it!

Goku: Hmmm... I know!

(Nimbus parks around a lake & some trees)

ChiChi: Uh Goku why are we doing here?

Goku: Well I figure you can do it around here. Bulma took a pit stop something like this when I was little until a monster was trying to take her away.

ChiChi: What!?

Goku: Don't worry I saved Bulma from the monster & I beat the guy up.

ChiChi: I guess I have no choice then. Just be on a lookout on anyone or anything that might stop us okay.

Goku: Sure thing *smiles*

(Chi-Chi searches around the Forest to find a good place to pee)

ChiChi: I'll just squat behind this bush so no one can see me *pulls down garments & begins to squat*

ChiChi: *starts peeing a Yellow Light Pee Stream with a tiny slight Burning Sensation* Oohh so much better *smiles*

ChiChi: *continues peeing* I hope we find that Fan soon so I can save my father & at least my new home *sigh* it will take a miracle to find it so easily

(some animal runs around in the shadows making sounds)

ChiChi: *still peeing* Hm? Whose there? Maybe it's nothing...

Goku: Man what's taking her so long I thought she would be done by---

*ChiChi Screams*

Goku: Huh? That was ChiChi I must go after her!

ChiChi: (has her legs wet a bit) *shivers in fear* Goku help me!

Goku: Hey what did you--- Huh!?

Broken Horned Flying Monster: *Laughs Menacingly* Oh look her boyfriend is---

Goku & BHF Monster: YOU!?

Goku: I thought I finished you off when you took away Bulma when I was a kid

BHF Monster: And I thought I will never see you again looks like we were both wrong

Goku: Leave ChiChi alone or else I'll break another piece of your body! How about your tail?

BHF Monster: Eeee! Fine I'll leave you two alone. Hopefully next time I won't see you again. *Flys Away from the Scene*

Goku: You okay ChiChi? Did he hurt you?

ChiChi: I'm okay I just got a tiny scratch on my arm & got a little bit of pee on my legs

Goku: Don't worry since there's a lake near here you'll be able to wash up a bit while I fetch up some stuff to make that scratch go away

ChiChi: Aw thank you Goku

After the Scene where the same monster from Goku's Past returned. ChiChi & Goku continue to search for the Bancho Fan to save the Ox King and ChiChi's Home.

