Oh Christmas Tea - an illustrated story

Author: Gothes

*000*2022-11-29 17:18

Christmas is coming everybody and I wanted to take this opportunity for a new illustrated story.

I hope you'll all enjoy it

_______

It was past mid December and Christmas was knocking loud at Tilly’s door. She however had been ignoring these knocks for quite some time.

Times have changed, the woman used to love Christmas as a child, as we all did, but the older she got the more the holiday became a chaotic manifestation stress, money and forced kindness. But still, as much as she disliked all of this, Tilly still tried to make it somewhat special every year. It was an almost desperate attempt to keep that little bit of magic alive that was left.

This Christmas however, things were looking different than the previous years. Due to unfortunate circumstances, Tilly was forced to celebrate the holiday all by herself that year.

This may sound sad to some but she was excitingly looking forward to it. It was the perfect opportunity to finally celebrate it the way she wanted to, simple and cozy, just like the old days, without any distractions or worries caused by others.

$$

Just four days before Christmas Eve she began to decorate her appartement. Candles, ribbons, lights, cute little figures on the balkon, crib and of course the tree. A beautiful fir in the living room corner, shining bright with colorful globes all over its branches. Tilly was diligent, The whole arrangement was set up in one afternoon, it was tiring and yet the result was more than satisfying. The presence of the Christmas spirit was to be felt in every room of the appartement.

Relaxed she let herself fall flat on the couch, with a smile on her face and the sweet smell of cinnamon, wood and dried oranges in her nose.

Outside the cold was reigning, mountains, forests, meadows, roads, all where covered in a fresh blanket of snow from the night before and Tilly sat silent in her living room drinking warm cups her freshly brewed, sweet tasting "Christmas tea" as she called it. A tradition, one of the few she still tried to preserve. The atmosphere couldn't have been more fairytale-like.

$$

"COOKIES!!", the woman suddenly thought. She still had to bake them ... but was it worth it? It had been a long afternoon already and the sun was about to set.

Tilly was tired, but this was bugging her more than it should have. How could she enjoy the rest of the evening without the buttery smell of cookies floating around the rooms?

And just like that she found herself in the kitchen again, opening drawer after drawer to look for the recipe. Eventually, a wrinkly piece of yellowish paper came to the surface. All of the badly written ingredients were still readable and Tilly could now finally start the last big task of the day. She picked everything she needed out of the fridge and the wooden cupboards. Flour, milk, butter, everything was carefully arranged on the table… except the eggs. Where in Santa Claus’ name where the eggs? They were nowhere to be found.

"Damn it!", Tilly complained. She had to go and buy them, but again, was it worth it? At this time of day?

$$

The woman looked up at the clock on the wall, she still had a good hour until all of the grocery stores would close.

"Easy", the eggless woman thought. What did bother her though was that now she had to go put different clothes on. The whole day she had been walking around in yoga pants, winter socks and her favourite red swater, knitted with love by her grandmother. Deep down she was quite happy to get rid of the wooly piece of clothing though because it felt itchy on her skin. Today especially since she decided to wear nothing underneath it. Tilly undressed herself in the bedroom and half naked she spent way to much time looking for something wearable for the cold evening air that was waiting for her outside.

$$

$$

The choice of clothes in the end didn’t matter since it got all covered by a green coat and a scarf. A stylish beanie covered her dark hair, thick boots kept her feet warm and with a little bag around her shoulder she left the building.

$$

Tilly didn't own a car, she used the bus for most of the time, but because the store was only 10 minutes away from her home she walked all the way there. The cold air was spicy and scratching her cheeks. She however didn’t mind, a gorgeous sunset above the mountain peaks was giving her enough distraction from the harsh climate and turned an insignificant walk to the store into a magical experience.

$$

The warmth came back shortly after she walked past the slidy doors of the store

Her body began to defrost and that's when she realized: "Shoot, I have to pee!"

Blinded by the whole atmosphere she had created earlier, Tilly completely forgot about the side effects of her Christmas tea: a fast filling bladder.

$$

To be continued...

$$

$$

$$

$$

*009*2022-11-30 06:29

{{4 hours ago, knockonthedoor said:

When I first saw her design, I thought she was going to be the same librarian we met a while back.

}}

I noticed a similarity too while I was drawing her lol ... But I guess it's mainly because of the portrait-like way I painted both of them that they look a bit identical

{{4 hours ago, knockonthedoor said:

Also, boobies!

}}

I know, I couldn't help myself lol - I've said it before and I'm saying it again, drawing boobs if fun!

*017*2022-12-04 11:37

"Just buy what you need and go! You'll be home in no time!"

With determination she walked through the shelves and quickly reached the freezer were the eggs were stored ... or should've been stored. Tilly looked around but there was nothing there.

"They must've sold out." It was late in the day so it could've been plausible.

"Or maybe they moved them somewhere else ... but where?"

She kept looking around, unsuccessfully, until she came across an employee, a short woman with even shorter hair, and asked: "Excuse me? Do you still have eggs left?"

The employee contorted her face and said: "No, I'm sorry. We're all out of eggs for today. You should come by tomorrow morning again."

Tilly nodded and thanked her, whilst keeping her disappointment secret. Now all that was left to do was leaving the store and go home to pee.

She walked by the cashier without having anything to give her (always tricky to do without looking like a criminal) and then got out into the cold December air again.

This misfortune made her feel alot of frustration, much more than necessary. Tilly didn't like the idea of walking all the way here just for her go back home empty handed. She knew that there was another grocery store down the road, but that meant another 10 minute walk. On any other day it would've been fine, but now that her bladder was taking up more and more space inside her body, she became sceptical. This left the woman thinking: "Should I risk it?"

The answer was quick: the shop was the way to go. Tilly had no intention of walking back without those damned eggs inside her bag. The urge however got bigger with each step Tilly made.

$$

"I can hold it. I can hold it. I can hold it", she kept whispering underneath her scarf. She reached the building in even less time than originally anticipated, probably because she was quick on her feet all the way there, still, the woman arrived with a strong desire to urinate. To make matters worse, Tilly barely knew the place. She had visited it once before, years ago and had no idea were everything was stored. A big quest was now waiting for her. Tilly’s shiny hazel eyes were moving in every direction as she walked with shaky legs around the store. Whenever she had a moment for herself she pressed a hand or two between her legs to fight the pressure. It felt good but only briefly.

$$

The woman who only payed attention to the product she was searching, eventually got lost inside the intricate shelf labyrinth and sadly no savior salesperson or minotaurus was to be found. Not even regular customers were around, apparently it wasn’t a popular place for grocery shopping.

Eventually she stumbled into a dead corner of the store. It was hidden, empty and silent. Normally she would’ve turned around and walked back. But not today. In that moment her desperate brain didn’t see a dead corner, but an opportunity. Blinded by the urge for relief she unbottoned her jeans and squatted right into the corner to let out a hissy stream of sweet sweet urine. Salvation!

$$

$$

"Wait! What the fuck am I doing?!" Realization hit harder than her splashes on the dusty floor.

“Tilly!”, she got angry at herself. Scared by her sudden loss of sanity she aborted the stream. What a painful sensation. Phisically and mentally. Of course she wanted to keep gushing but common sense said "NO!". Tilly pulled her pants up and ran away from the crime scene without looking at her puddle spreading out on the floor.

$$

"It wasn't much. Maybe they won't even notice!"

Now she had tasted blood. Tilly had to get out of the shop as soon as possible.

Her purchase had just become irrelevant as she suddenly walked past a shelf filled with all the eggs in the world.

"Of course!", she thought irritated "As soon as you're not looking you find everything you need!" The desperate woman grabbed one box and went straight to the cashier, payed and left immediately. Her nervous behaviour probably caught the man’s attention but looking at his lifeless eyes he probably couldn’t have cared less about anything that was going on at that time of day.

To be continued...

*023*2022-12-09 10:38

Meanwhile, Tilly was out there making her way back home. The sidewalk was slippery, she had to be careful not to twist an ankle or worse, but the urge was bigger and Tilly became a little more reckless on her torturous walk home. Peeing in the store helped, it was now easier to hold on... for five minutes. After that she found herself where she already used to be.

"Aaarg! I need a piss!"

She tried to be all lady-like and press her hands against her crotch by discretly hiding them inside the pockets of her coat.

$$

At least while she walking through the town’s crowded center. Tilly felt as if all the lights around her, whether they came from inside the stores’ windows, from the street lanterns or the Christmas decorations, were pointing at her, like a spotlight, as if someone tried to say “Look at this idiot! Walking around town, needing to pee like a little girl!”

$$

Tilly rarely felt so uncomfortable, and to make matters worse, her urge had become so intense that she was probably not able to reach her porcellain throne in time.

“If only I had peed a little longer in the store”, she thought delirious.

The woman was surrounded by people. One wrong step, one little distraction and she would’ve experienced the most embarassing moment of her life. There was no chance for her to have a secret pee anytime soon. All she could see was people, way more than there were actually around.

$$

Tilly got dizzy and she suddenly bumped into a man who was walking in the opposite direction. The hit was so strong that the woman squeaked and lost a juicy spurt of pee inside her panties.

“Oh, I’m so sorry!”, said the man immediately.

“It’s all good no worries!” She answered with crossed legs, while trying to stop the flood. The strain she felt in that moment was visible on her face.

“Did I hurt you?”, he asked worried.

“Nonono, I’m fine!”

“You sure?”

“Yes, thanks!”, she replied with a forced smile and then left quickly. Leaving the man behind confused.

$$

“Watch where you’re going, stupid!”, mumbled Tilly to herself.

The few drops of warm urine that were running down her legs began to freeze. Her soft thighs were getting uncomfortably cold.

“I just can’t have it easy tonight!”, she complained.

Once Tilly moved away from the crowds she took one of her hands out of the coat’s deep pockets and placed it back between her legs. The woman was pressing hard to avoid another loss of control. Her breath was heavy, she grew weaker with each step she made. Tilly wasn’t going to endure this pain for much longer, she HAD to find a place to let her demons out.

With hectic steps she moved closer and closer towards home, even though it was still far away - to far. Her doorhandle felt unreachable in that moment.

To be continued...

**The next part will (hopefully) be the big finale of this story. How do you all think/wish it's going to end?**

