Strong Anna

Author: Guest Dunkel

*000*2016-03-11 14:47

Anna has always been a sporty girl. She was 18 years by now and has always been in sports clubs like tennis, football and running. One year ago she started doing weightlifting. So it's not quiet suprising, that her body has always been in great shape. Anna had blonde long hair, always bound to a firm braid, a really nice face with blue eyes. She was quiet small, same with her breasts. But her butt was a real eye-catcher, a well trained and in perfect shape. Anna was sporty and allways motivated to give her best, but she has never been one of those abitious girls, trying to show everyone that they are the best. Anna was still a real nice and friendly girl, that kind of girl, a best friend should be like.

She wasn't unforgiving or hostile to others. That's why Anna was really popular at her Gym. Nearly everyone liked her, the trainer, the guy at the bar, even the janitor and every other girl at her team. Well exept vor Jasmin. Jasmin was the only one who really hated her. She was six month older than Anna, and a tall, really smil girl. Jasmin had black long hair and a lightly tanned skin. Even in training she had at least some make up at her face. Jasmin started weightlifting only three month earlier, but always acted, like she could do it much better than Anna. They both had the same weight, so there was a strong competition going on between these girls. But every time Jasmin was a bit better, a bit stronger. So she acted like, there was no competition in beating Anna. She always called her an amateur or weakling.

So a few weeks ago, a small junior competition took place at the gym. It wasn't a big one, some regional competition with only a few contestants. At the 53kg Class, there were only Anna, Jasmin and another girl called Martha. Martha already started at the national competition and was just annas age but something like a veteran. So the only question was, who would made the second place.

It was Annas first competition and she was really nervous. Before her first lift, she walked nervously up and down in her tight blue suit, when she met Jasmin behind the small stage.

"Ohh, are you nervous, weak little Anna?", Jasmin said with her arrogant smile. "You will loose anyway. Why do you even start?"

Anna could feel her hands sweating, she didn't knew what she could answer. Jasmin was always arrogant and conceited. So Anna just shoke her head and went on towards her first lift.

Anna had to snatch the weight of 38kg. She already did that in training. It wasn't that hard. But she was nervously shaking. She put some chalk on her hands and stepped to the weight. When the ref gave the call, she grabbed it and without problems she could lift it up. It felt like a real relief. It was like a instinct. First she went into squatting position and then she pushed the weight up over her head and stood up. Afterwards she went back behind the stage.

"Well done, Anna!", cheered Martha, giving Anna a hug. "I know its your first competition and your doing just well!"

"But i've got no chance against you, Martha", said Anna smiling. "And we both know, that 38kg isn't that heavy.."

"That's true, but... It's a start, isn't it?", Martha smiled and hugged her again.

"Tzz! i just lifted 46kg, so you're done, Anna!", said Jasmin, stepping closer with an evil smile. "You can't beat me, you amateur.- By the way, your next."

To beat Jasmin, Anna had to lift 47kg. It doesn't appered to be be a lot, but she only weight 52kg herself. Again she felt her hands sweating, when she enterd the stage. There weren't many people watching, but she still felt nervous.

For Anna, the weight to lift was quiet a lot. She still was a rookie and hardly done that in training. When the ref gave the sign, she grabbed the Bar and tried to lift it up. But she went to low into squatting postion and could'nt lift the up the bar. She tried to push herself up, she didn't wanted to fail. Her face turned red, but she just couldn't get up. Instead of dropping the weight, she tried with every muscle to push it up. Out of a sudden, she felt her bladder giving up. A few drops of urine just went into her panties. A small warm stream followed and totally soaked her light blue sportpanties. A few droppes trickeld on the floor. Anna quickly dropped the bar to prevent a larger accident and left the stage in a rush.

Behind the stage, she quickly checked her crotch. There was a small but visible wet patch on her tight blue suit and her panties felt warm and wet.

"Ohh! Not only you're a weakling... you're also not housetrained?", Jasmins voice was snooty and her smile was devlish. "Little Anna peed herself! - Look at that! Your Suit is all wet!"

Anna couldn't hold back the tears, that was just too much. Not only she failed and wet herself, now her worst enemy was making jokes about her.

"Ohhh what a patsy! First you wet yourself and now you cry like a baby?" Jasmin giggled.

"Shut up, Jasmin!" growled Martha from behind. "It can happen to everyone.. And you also failed your last lift, Jasmin. So just shut up."

"Well, but i'am still in front and.. .. at least i haven't peed myself.!", replied Jasmin grinning.

"Tzz, but last month you soiled yourself at the gym, didn't you?" said Martha angrily.

Jasmins face turned all red and she stutterd: "T..that wasn't like ..Like That! i.. uhh.. had some spoiled food and..! You should'nt tell anyone, Martha!"

Jasmin turned around and went away humiliated, while Martha turned to Anna and gave her a hug. "You will do it next time. No one will notice your little accident"

Anna nodded and went back to stage. Of course nearly everyone had noticed, that she had wet herself, but nobody reacted on it. She went back to the weights and took a deep breath. "this time.." she mumbeld, " this time will do."

When the ref gave the sign, she grabbed the bar and again, she went into squatting position. But this time, she made everything right. She liftet the weight over her head and pushed herself up. The small green light turned on. "I did it!", she shouted out and dropped the weight on the floor and went of the stage. Behind the stage, Martha hugged her again. "See, you did it!" Martha smiled.

While Martha hugged her, Jasmin was on the stage and failed her next lift. A few seconds later she rushed off the stage with tears in her eyes, snobbing and swearing.

"looks like you're on second place... " said Martha, with a gleefull smile.

