A Desperate Date

Author: Glass

*000*2023-08-03 23:58

*Good evening all! The following will be a continuation of my “A Desperate Movie” story I posted a few months ago. If you enjoy this one, please go back and check out the first story, as I go more in depth on this character Sara in it.*

Sara had finally landed her self a date after nearly a year and a half in college. She didn’t really know how to approach guys, and therefore didn’t. Thankfully, Sara didn’t need to worry about that, as someone in her Biology 201 class made the decision to approach her first. His name was Kenny, a senior at the college. Kenny was quite tall, with a scruffy beard and a bit of a “dad bod”, complete with beer gut and toned but not too toned arm muscles. He wasn’t quite Sara’s type, but she certainly wasn’t going to turn down a date from a relatively good-looking senior. Sara had been beating herself up a lot after her little accident at the movies a month ago, and it felt good to be desired by someone.

Sara arrived home from work late on the evening of the date, having to rush to shower and change. She donned a pink and white striped tube top, covering it with a lightweight, gray, long-sleeved button-up. She opted for a black thong (just in case) and a very tight pair of white jeans on the bottom. She completed her outfit with a pair of black three-inch heels just as Kenny knocked on the door of her apartment. He was dressed simply but nicely in a white dress shirt and gray dress pants. The two discussed dinner plans for a moment, finally settling on a highbrow Italian restaurant just outside of their college town.

About five minutes after they had gotten into Kenny’s truck and headed off, Sara remembered something. Shit… I forgot to piss. It wasn’t a serious issue, as Sara figured she could just use the bathroom at the restaurant. However, she did underestimate the length of the drive to the restaurant, which ended up taking about 45 minutes with traffic. Sara was definitely feeling the two large coffees she’d had at work by the time she stepped out of Kenny’s truck. Okay. Piss and then date… kinda gotta go. Sara thought calmly as they entered the restaurant.

”Hey, just gotta use the bathroom real quick before dinner.” Sara told Kenny. “All good. I’ll get our table.” Kenny replied. Sara walked slowly off to the bathroom, not wanting to seem desperate. She wasn’t, per se, but she was definitely getting there. As she entered the hallway for the bathroom she saw the sign; “Closed for cleaning”. The lack of anticipated relief sent a jolt through her bladder, forcing her to cross her thick legs and bounce subtly. Her large tits jiggled in her tube top as she did so. “Goddamnit… gotta fucking piss!” Sara hissed through clenched teeth. Okay… I don’t have to piss that bad. Just go back to the table and wait for the cleaning to be done. Sara steeled herself and returned to Kenny, getting anxious for relief.

”All good?” Kenny asked as Sara returned. “Yup. All good.” Sara lied. She didn’t know why she couldn’t say that the restrooms were closed. She must have been more nervous for this date than she first thought. Kenny offered her some wine, which she reluctantly accepted. Sara didn’t want to be rude to her date, nor did she want to pass up on the opportunity for free booze as a 20-year old. She took one glass, figuring it wouldn’t hit her that hard.

30 minutes later the pair received their food, and Sara was officially desperate. Above the table, she was the perfect image of neutrality. Beneath the table, Sara was frantic. Both knees bounced rapidly as she rubbed her large thighs furiously. Occasionally, she would tightly cross and recross her legs, desperately trying not to be too obvious. Sara was responding to Kenny, and even posing some questions of her own, but it was like her mouth was on autopilot. All of her thoughts were directed towards finding herself relief. When is that bathroom going to be fucking readyyyyy… I gotta piss so bad!

As Kenny finished his meal, he poured himself another glass of wine. While he was doing so, Sara watched a young lady come out of the bathroom hallway looking quite relieved. The bathrooms had to have been reopened. This renewed anticipation, along with the splashing sounds of the wine, caused Sara to let a very small spurt of piss into her black thong. “Mmh!” Sara let out a desperate moan. She clenched her crossed legs and grabbed the seat of her chair, immediately stopping the leak. She couldn’t prevent Kenny from noticing her distress, however. “You alright? You look flushed.” Sara turned even redder with embarrassment, her bladder begging to relax again. “Uh… y-yeah. Just gotta… wash my face.” Sara said before quickly standing and speed walking towards the bathrooms. “Okay then. I’ll meet you outside!” Kenny said, clearly believe that Sara was in a whole other predicament.

Sara, of course, found a line of girls out the door of the bathroom as she arrived in the hallway. She counted at least 10 people waiting either in the bathroom or the hallway. “Fuck fuck fuuuuckkk!” Sara whispered sharply. She crossed her arms over her chest and bounced frantically, her tits jiggling. Sara’s only options were now either waiting in this line or enduring a desperate ride home with a cute guy she barely knew. In terms of levels of embarrassment, it was a no-brainer. Sara quickly got in line, absolutely bursting. Oh man… I have to go have to go!

@@Sara was still trying with every ounce of energy she had to conceal her desperation, but that was becoming more difficult. Sara leaned on the hallway wall with one hand, fingers drumming on the wall. Her other hand lay on her waist while she continued bouncing and her foot impatiently tapped. Her heel clicked on the brick hallway floor. She felt the dampness in the crotch of her thong. Unintentionally, Sara started thinking about her last accident, remembering the embarrassment of bursting in public. However, she also remembered the relief of letting go after holding so long. And damn did the warmth feel good. Sara immediately regretted this as her bladder let out a second, larger spurt, this time with an audible hiss. “Mmmmm… nonononono!” She put both hands on her wide hips, stomping in place desperately to stop the flow. Her heels clacked loudly on the brick. The line hadn’t even moved. “Come oooon… Goddamn I gotta piss!” Sara hissed through gritted teeth while doing a cross-armed potty dance.

Sara inspected the damage on her white jeans. She was not surprised to see the golf ball sized wet spot. However, she was surprised that she could see part of her black thong through the wet crotch. Sara’s stomach dropped when she realized that she couldn’t leak again, lest Kenny (and everyone) start to see more of her lingerie. She kept her arms crossed, now crossing her legs tight and beginning to bounce again. “Gotta stop leaking… Can’t fucking piss myself… God I need to piss really fucking bad!” Right as Sara finished her thought, a restaurant employee informed the line that the bathrooms would be closing due to a main water break. Sara nearly leaked again out of anger and shock. She now had no other option than to have Kenny take her home so she could finally pee. She tied her button up around her waist to hide her leaks, then performed one more quick potty dance before hurrying out to Kenny’s truck. Gotta fucking piss… gotta fucking hold it. Sara moaned internally.

Kenny asked Sara if she was okay before they headed out, and she tried her best to seem normal. As she sat in the truck, she felt her bladder spasm, forcing her to grab her thighs with white knuckles. Sara did not want to leak in her date’s truck. She began to rub her thighs furiously again, barely even being able to speak due to pure desperation. Sara was giving her date one-word answers, hoping he would think she was simply tired. Please just fucking hurry! I’m about to wet myself! Sara begged Kenny silently. About 15 minutes from her apartment, Kenny hit a bump in the road, leading to another hot spurt of urine entering Sara’s jeans. She clenched with all her might to stop, but not before she felt wetness spread to her ass. Fuck me… I have to piss so baaaad! Sara was slowly losing control. But she also needed to make it, for her pride and dignity’s sake.

By the time Kenny pulled up to her building, Sara could’ve cared less about her date. She dashed out of the truck immediately, mustering a half-assed “Had a great time, thanks!” The second Sara was in the building and out of Kenny’s sight, she broke into the most desperate pee dance she had ever performed, jamming her hands into her wet crotch. “Almost there… Just the elevator… Then I can FINALLY piss!”

Sara waited for the elevator dancing like mad. The elevator opened to reveal Sara’s upstairs neighbor, an old woman whose name Sara couldn’t recall. She immediately moved her hands to her sides to hide her need, and nodded a greeting to the woman while rushing into the elevator. She hit her floor’s button (the 3rd), and with no added hold on her bladder, proceeded to spurt again. This leak was so forceful that some of it it shot through her panties and jeans and splattered loudly on the elevator’s linoleum floor. The old woman was too hard of hearing to notice the sound, but Sara was still mortified anyway. Sara rubbed both thighs, the sides now wet with piss, and then bounced from foot to foot with her arms crossed, heels once again clicking with her desperate steps. The elevator felt like it was moving at a snail’s pace “Come on come on come oooon… God I just need to fucking piiiiiss!” Sara hissed in frustration.

Sara absolutely bolted out of the elevator as it reached her floor, getting to her door in record time. She danced while fishing her keys out of her purse, one hand on her soaked crotch. “Ohhhhh fuck I’m almost fucking there… Gotta get to the fucking bathroom!” Sara was now speaking aloud out of pure distress. She flipped through her keys while nearly running in place. “Come on… come oooon!” Sara growled as she finally got the key in the lock.

@@Sara practically fell into her apartment as she opened her door. Her bathroom was open at the end of the main hall, the toilet calling to her. The mere sight of it sent two more large squirts out of her. Sara clamped down on her crotch with both hands while scissoring her legs. As soon as she stopped the stream, she bolted towards the toilet, undoing her jeans button as she ran. A small, steady leak was flowing out of Sara by the time she reached it. She strained to clench her tired pelvic muscles one more time, legs smashed together. “Hold it hold it hold iiiit… God, I’m so close!” Sara was now in basically the same situation she was at the movie theater a month ago. Less than two feet from a toilet, completely soaked with pee and having already practically wet herself, but refusing to give in. She ripped her zipper down and then tore away her jeans and thong. Pee was shooting out of her before Sara could even sit down, and when she did, it thrashed against the bowl with seemingly superhuman force. “Ohhhhhh fuuuuuuckkkk I had to piss so bad!!” Sara moaned loudly as she released nearly 12 hours worth of piss, the feeling almost orgasmic.

Sara peed for over a minute and a half before finally emptying. She sighed in pure relief before hesitantly inspecting the damage her clothing had taken. Her white jeans were soaked down to the ankles, her thong dripping wet. Sara had forgotten to kick off her heels, which were also soaked. Even her button up, still wrapped around her waist, had taken some damage due to the pure amount of urine she had released before finally reaching the toilet. Sara spotted the trail of piss leading to her bathroom and blushed heavily. “Can’t believe I fucking pissed myself again!” She grumbled.

Sara cleaned up the floors and showered, putting her soaking clothes in the washer. And just as she was chastising herself for blowing her date with Kenny, she got a call from him. He, it seemed, had barely noticed Sara’s night of desperation, and wanted another date with her. She happily obliged, not knowing that this relationship would lead to many desperate situations in the future.

To be continued…

