Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - Untold Story; Videl's Pee Urge

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-12-18 08:27

This is a totally made up story and I think it might go well. No specific time & place when it comes to Movies, Sagas, & Specials. Hope you enjoy.

At High School where Gohan & Videl attend to, Videl has been feeling odd lately so she intends to get rid of her strange emotions...

Videl: *squirming* Uh, mmm... uh....

Gohan: Videl, you feeling okay?

Videl: Yeah I'm fine Gohan I just forgot to use the restroom is all *laughs nervously* (I don't know why but I actually want to pee somewhere else other than the restroom, does it have something to do with my hormones?)

Teacher: Hey quiet you 2! Or do you both have something to share with the class!?

Gohan: Um no, not really. We're sorry to cause a fuss.

Videl: Actually, I need to go to the restroom. Is it okay I can go!? (Maybe I can pee in somewhere private that is not a restroom)

Teacher: Ugh, fine go Videl but take the hall pass on your way out!

Videl: Thank you! (Gotta hurry!)

[Videl rushes out of the classroom and tries to find a private place to pee]

Videl: Hmm, where should I go pee at? *looks around* Ah ha! The Janitor Closet! I'll go pee in there.

[Videl runs towards the Janitor Closet]

Videl: *opens door then closes it* Okay so how should I pee in here? *looks around inside the closet & thinks about a few ideas*

Videl: Oh a bucket! Hmm if I pee in this it will make a loud noise so it might be best to stuff it with some paper towels.

[As she said, Videl grabs a Big Paper Towel Role & rips a few pieces to stuff them in the bucket to prevent noises]

Videl: There we go--Oh crap I gotta go so bad! No time to pull down my Black Short Leggings I need to go badly! *squats over the Paper Towel Stuffed Bucket*

Videl: *starts to pee through her Black Short Leggings* {starts as a wet patch then streams out of her groin area, it's yellow & slightly steamy} Oh yeah! That feels so good, mmm... Feels really good indeed.

Videl: *blushes & continues to pee in the bucket* Wow I never knew peeing like this can make me feel so naughty *giggles*

[Erasa coming in late at School passing by the Janitor Closet]

Erasa: Crap I knew I would be late if I walked here. Next time I should---Huh? what's that moaning & talking?

[Erasa listens closely to by the Janitor Closet Door]

Videl (Behind the Door): Oh mmm.... maybe next time I should pee behind the bushes? Yeah, that's a good idea.

Erasa: Hmm? *opens door* Videl, what are doing in here?

Videl: *surprised & embarrassed* Erasa!? Um well you see... I'm still peeing through my Black Short Leggings aren't I? *laughs nervously*

Erasa: Yeah I can see that. So you were peeing in that bucket? *Videl's pee stopped*

Videl: Yes, I don't know why I had a weird feelings of trying to pee in different places yet somehow it felt exciting.

Erasa: Oh so it was your first time feeling this way?

Videl: Huh? Wait a minute your telling me you had this feeling before?

Erasa: Actually yes, It happened to me 3 times really. Then after that I had the will of peeing anywhere besides using the restrooms. *giggles*

Videl: Really!? Wow! But I never see you as that type of person though.

Erasa: Well speaking of which may I use the bucket? I kind of need to go too despite that I am already late for class.

Videl: Oh sure have at it--Class... CLASS! I need to get back before Lunch starts. See yeah Erasa I gotta get back before the teacher realizes I have been gone for too long. Later!

Erasa: *laughs* Now it's my turn *goes in Janitor Closet & closes door* Huh she left a little puddle here when I surprised her oh well I'll clean it up when I'm done using the bucket. {eventually she does pee in the bucket that Videl was using but unlike Videl she doesn't wear panties & does pull down her pants}

New Untold Chapter next will be about either RanFan or Bulla again

$$

*002*2017-12-18 23:28

{{5 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I don't know what's with the sudden Videl stories after an eternity without them but I'm definitely not complaining, and good work!

}}

Why thank you and I'm glad you enjoy reading. I'm glad I purely made up a story by using Videl while not following any Official Time & Place of Dragon Ball. ;)

*004*2017-12-19 00:04

{{22 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I always thought Videl, 18, and Bulma were the most attractive Dragon Ball girls, and, whether for my fetishes or for my not-so-fetishy wam interest, I have always had a thing for skintight shorts. (Of course it's canon that Bulma wet herself in the pilot episode of Dragon Ball)

}}

It would be nice to see more Girls Peeing from Dragon Ball rather than Bulma. Too bad that won't happen.

*006*2018-01-06 04:25

{{On 12/28/2017 at 10:43 AM, bibibibi said:

That was pretty good, have you considered a pissing contest between 2 girls? The DBZ universe is probably full of women who can pee incredibly far

}}

Actually I just did one with Fasha & Gine technically :)

