Seduced by a Villainess

Author: gianki007

*000*2020-05-26 21:28

This is a fan-fiction of the anime "My Next Life as a Villainess: All Routes lead to Doom!" an Anime which I cannot recommend enough.

###

Mary was walking along the academia’s paths, her elegant orange dress scraping the stones under her. Before coming, he had checked, and Keith was currently inside class. It was so hard for her to spend quality time with Catarina these days, between all of her suitors.

But now, Catarina was all by herself, and now Mary was bringing her vegetables, seeds, and a special diuretic-spiked water bottle. If all went well, Mary would comfort the wet and crying Catarina, and maybe even…

Mary got warmer below her stomach. She couldn’t think of that now or she’d be distracted.

She got to Catarina’s small garden field, where she was working energetically with a hoe. Looking up from her work, she saw Mary on the path; she smiled and waved at her.

“Mary! What brings you here?” she asked enthusiastically.

“Oh, I wanted to come by and visit you” she offered her basket, “I saw you hard at work and brought you some seeds for your garden and some water since you must be thirsty.”

Catarina smiled widely. “Aw, thanks, Mary.” Thirsty from her work, Katarina a girly drink from the bottle. After she put it down, Katerina picked up her whole again and got back to work, planting the seeds and vegetables that Mary had brought her.

“Say, Catarina, why do you work so hard at your farming even now that we’re at school?”

“Well,” said Catarina, not stopping, “you’ve gotta be ready for anything. Farming could come in handy one day.” Remembering something, she asked, “So, Mary, is there anyone you like yet? How’s your relationship with Alan?”

Mary looked fondly Catarina, “Well, he’s nice, but in all honesty, I like you.”

“Hehe” That’s nice, but not what I meant. Soon, Catarina began shifting her legs, and eventually she put down her hoe gingerly.

“Catarina,” Mary asekd innocently, “Is something wrong?”

“I’m fine, Mary. I just need to go to the ladie’s.”

Mary grew excited. “Well, Catarina, how about…” Just then, Mary heard Keith’s voice calling for Catarina. Shoot, he must have gotten out of class!

Quickly, Mary Crab Catarina and pushed her towards the large tool said that was always near the fields. Catarina, surprised by this, accidentally squirted into her pants, the diuretic taking effect.

They both went into the shed, Catarina desperate to hold her self now. As Mary closed the door behind them, Catarina began squirting uncontrollably into her panties, and she quickly took of her undergarments and squatted, peeing into the dirt.

“Sorry, Catarina, it was just…” She turned quiet, and red, when she saw Catarina urinating so openly in front of her. Mary’s heart and breathing sped up, and she looked stunned at her love interest’s crotch.

Finally, Catarina stopped peeing. “Ah…” She looked up. “Sorry Mary, I really had to go. Do you have something that I can use?”

“Oh, uh, sure.” She handed over her handkerchief, and Catarina rubbed herself with it.

Dressing, Catarina got up again and gave the handkerchief back. “Sorry about that.” She hugged Mary and pulled apart. “You’re a great friend.”

“Uh, yeah.” After Mary and Catarina had left, later that night in her room, dressed lightly in pajamas, Mary locked her door and flopped on her queen-size bed. Grabbing her handkerchief from her night table, she smelled it fondly. It still smelled like Catarina’s pee.

Mary remembered, warmly, how Catarina had looked so relieved to pee freely, and how…

Soon, Mary couldn’t take it anymore and began rubbing her crotch.

It felt good, and she rubbed harder.

No one was around to hear her orgasm loudly.

*002*2020-05-27 15:00

{{12 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was awesome

}}

Thanks

