Peecember - assorted stories

Author: Guest Monedulla

*000*2016-12-06 06:57

I've always wanted to start writing my own omo stories, and when I saw a list of prompts

@@for 'omovember' I knew I had to at least try. November didn't work for me, so this is ' peecember', a month where I'll be attampting to fill all the prompts in the aforementioned list. It won't be daily probably, but I will do them in order and keep going until I finish, even if that will take beyond december. If anyone has any ideas, whether to do with the prompts or seperate, feel free to mention them. I can't promise I'll get to them, but inspiration can come from anywhere.

Now without further ado: the first story

1. Desperate in a vehicle

It’s been three hours since the defect toilets were announced, and Raena is just about ready to burst. She’d held off going to the bathroom because she would have had to pass two sleeping people, but she was certainly regretting that now. She wasn’t the only one in trouble either. One man had come to the stewardesses in tears, and was begging to be let in when he finally hunched over and flooded his pants with a desperate cry. People has been struck silent, before bursting out in awkward giggles as the harsh hiss of piss pouring out of him had spread through the air. No, that wasn’t going to happen to Reana.

Something is going to happen though, she realises as she tries to discreetly rub her thighs together. The people next to her are still asleep, which gives her a small measure of privacy to discreetly hold herself under her airplane blanket. Even the firm pressure of her hand on her pussy is not going to be enough to hold back the flood gathering within her. She will have to think of something soon, or she will pee whatever she was meaning to do.

The mere thought of it- letting go, pee spurting out of her and gathering between her legs before dripping off the seat- is enough to send a spasm through her abdomen. She gasps as she can feel the fabric covering her crotch dampening against her hand. For a second or two the relief is too much to handle, but then she gets herself under control just enough to cut off the flow. But not for long… Knowing that she’s running out of time, she quickly rearranges the blanket over her lap to hide what she knows she won’t be able to stop. The cushion of the seat feels absorbent enough, and it’s not like she’s got any other option by now.

@@Right before her exhausted muscles give up completely, she tilts her hips so she is pressing her crotch into the seat as much as possible, and the next moment the floodgates open. Raena can feel the piss burst from her body in a forceful flood, the hot urine immediately soaking into the fabric of the seat. Her eyes flutter closed and she has to bite down on a groan as relief ripples through her. Not only is the sensation of finally letting go delicious, the feeling of doing something so… Forbidden is also enough to have her grind her hips so in the soaking seat in search of a more pleasurable friction. Her piss is flowing out faster than the seat can soak up, and she can feel the damp heat spread until she has a puddle under her ass as well, and even dripping along the front of her seat. The blanket is covering everything though, and continues to do so until her bladder has finally finished emptying itself. She sits back in the chair with a sigh, finally catching her breath back. The seat is hot and squishy underneath her, but no one seems to have noticed what she just did. A few hours to go in the flight, and then she will have to get up. But she can figure that out later. For now she just wants to enjoy the relief.

