Li Yanyan's Cycling Accident

Author: Guest CuckooForCaca

*000*2019-10-04 21:42

This cute story is a short one, my first attempt at omorashi fiction on this site.

Li Yanyan should have been having great fun. She was cycling home from work dressed in her smart white button up shirt and comfy red miniskirt, with the wind blowing through her hair under her helmet. But a gross misjudgement of her bladder capacity had left her in substantial pain. She had lost count of how much green tea she had drunk, and when she finished work, there was a queue for the toilet! Rather than wait around to use it and leave her boyfriend waiting at home, she decided to just hold it and cycle home.

Big mistake.

It might have been OK if traffic was clear, but traffic in Shenzhen was rarely clear, and she was stuck in a jam, absolutely bursting to wee, with no relief in sight. There had been an accident ahead, and the police were trying to sort it out. There was going to be a second accident if they didn't move soon, she thought, shuddering at the possibility. She couldn't wee her skirt, she was 20 years old. And what would her boyfriend think? She'd be in for a spanking for sure. She couldn't be so weak. She had to hold it, however painful it was. But she couldn't cross her legs or hold herself on her bicycle. She squirmed on her seat. How long was this going to take? The cute little shorts she wore as underwear beneath her skirt were still dry, but for how much longer? She knew she was only a few minutes away from starting to piddle in her skirt. But she had to hold it, however tempting it was to let go.

The team responding to the crash had managed to move the vehicles to the side. It wouldn't be too long until she could go on now. Just a few more minutes. But she was still at least 10 minutes' ride away from home! 10 minutes not to leak, while cycling intensely. It was going to be agony, and she whimpered at the prospect of it. How bad could it be to just wee her skirt? She could change when she got home...after her boyfriend had punished her, that is.

Nonetheless, she resolved to hold it to her limit. If she had an accident then, well, she did her best. She clenched her sphincter and got ready to pedal as the traffic started to move. Holding it while moving was so much harder. The temptation to leak a drop grew every second. But she couldn't. She couldn't let go. Just a few more minutes. She clenched as hard as she could as she rode past the accident. She noticed that the tearful young woman taken from one of the cars had wet her skirt in distress, and suspected that she too would be in that situation soon. But she was holding it for now. It wasn't too far.

As she turned onto her street, though, the urge became so intense she could no longer control it. A warm spurt moistened her underwear, and she knew more were coming. She was starting to wee her skirt already, and she still had to lock up her bicycle and ride the lift to her apartment. She wasn't going to make it. She knew it.

Her humiliating situation did not distract her from the small child who stepped out in front of her. She swerved wildly to avoid him, almost falling off her bicycle and swearing under her breath. She was OK...except her underwear. She felt the piss gush onto her seat and down her legs in torrents. She had lost control, and there was no way she was getting it back. And her boyfriend would see.

She got off her soaking wet bicycle seat and sheepishly pushed her bicycle over to the rack. She got the lock out of her bag and locked it, looking down at the rivers of urine tracked down her legs. Her skirt was damp, too. She was easily the cutest woman in her apartment building, but she looked a mess now. One of her elderly neighbours walked by and saw her predicament.

"Oh, little Yanyan", she said, concerned. "You've wet yourself."

"Yeah..." said Li Yanyan, blushing scarlet. "I got struck in traffic, and then I had to avoid a small boy...I just couldn't make it."

"I'm sorry to hear that," said her neighbour.

Li Yanyan was even more humiliated now someone had seen her disgrace herself. But she was more worried about what her boyfriend, Zhang Xiaodong, would think. He really loved her, but he was...rather perverted, to say the least. He was only 2 years older than she was, but he seemed to see her as his little slave girl, and she didn't like it. But he was so good at sex. Indescribably good. So good that she was willing to put up with his flaws.

She opened the door and looked in, with tears in her eyes. Zhang Xiaodong was waiting for her.

"...did you just piddle in your knickers?" he said, in aroused disbelief.

"Yeah," said Li Yanyan, accepting her fate. "I almost made it, but I had to swerve to avoid a small boy and...yeah." She looked down at her damp skirt and urine-streaked legs.

Zhang Xiaodong wasted no time in approaching her and laying hands on her. "How about you get your punishment for being so naughty?" he said, with a visible bulge in his trousers.

"Fine," said Li Yanyan. "But please don't be too rough."

Zhang Xiaodong picked her up, put her over his shoulder, and took her to the bathroom. There, he put her over his knees, and picked up the paddle that was resting by the door.

"Time for naughty girls to get spanked," he said.

Li Yanyan sighed as he yanked up her skirt, revealing her wet underwear. She felt the first strike of the paddle. He had heeded her instructions, and it wasn't too hard, just very naughty. She whimpered a little as the paddle struck again and again. After about 10 strikes, he stopped.

"Sorry, babe, I have to cut this short or I'm going to jizz my pants," he said, with little sense of romance. He undid his flies and revealed his cock. "Now...time for the real fun to start."

He slipped a condom out of his pocket and put it on, trying hard not to lose control of himself as he did so. Li Yanyan wasn't expecting much stamina from this session; what was it with him and women having embarrassing little accidents?

As soon as he got the condom on, he picked Li Yanyan up, shoved her against the wall, tugged her knickers down, and started fucking her as hard as he could. Li Yanyan gasped at the intensity of it, though he came fairly quickly as expected. After he withdrew he got to work with his fingers on her already aroused vulva, swiftly finding her G-spot and bringing her to moaning orgasm. This was worth pissing herself and getting spanked.

"So...after we've cleaned up...do you fancy eel stew for dinner?" said Zhang Xiaodong.

"Sure," said Li Yanyan, panting from exhaustion.

