Hannah's Birthday Weekend

Author: Gemmy

*000*2020-07-22 21:57

Background - This is a story that I am writing for a friend of mine and thought I would share it here too. I am writing this as a multi chapter story as he decided he wanted to read the story as it evolved and so it built excitement for the next chapter that I sent him. For here I thought about waiting and collecting the chapters into each major event of the story and posting them as individual parts but then I decided if he gets them on a chapter by chapter basis I should post them like that here so this will be spread out and posted as the story continues. As of now I know where the story will be going but not how and when it will end so posting it this way leaves it open for my imagination to do its thing. Hope you enjoy and if you do I hope it peaks your interest and keeps you coming back for each new instalment.

###

Chapter 1

Kayleigh groaned as the loud beeping woke her with a jolt. She reached out, fumbling for her phone to turn off the noise. She picked it up and grimaced as the bright light hit her eyes, quickly dismissing the alarm and throwing her phone back down. She wasn’t used to alarms, she mostly worked evenings at her job so she rarely needed them so to be suddenly woken up had her feeling groggy. She rolled over and buried herself under her duvet, thinking about why she had been so rudely awoken so early on a Saturday morning.

The more she thought about it the more excited she started feeling. It was her friend's birthday and to celebrate they were taking her away for the weekend to the seaside. The main focus of the trip was to go see a show that evening but they had lucked out and it just so happened that the weekend they had managed to book tickets for the show, the annual air show was taking place so they also had the added fun of that to enjoy. It should hopefully be an exciting weekend away.

She glanced at the time and noted she had plenty of time before she had to go and meet her friends. They had arranged to meet up at their local carvery pub as they did an amazing breakfast buffet and then they were hiring a minibus to take them to the coast. She laid there relaxing and looking forward to the weekend ahead as long as she could before her growing need to pee forced her to get up and head to the bathroom.

After having a quick shower she picked out her outfit for the day and then packed her other clothes and toiletries that she would need in her bag. She grabbed her hairdryer and stood in front of the mirror blow drying her long blonde hair. When she had done she pulled off her towel and dried herself off, admiring her naked body in the mirror as she did. She wasn’t ashamed to admit that she loved looking at herself naked. She loved the shape of her body and her soft curves and she often got compliments from guys. Not that she had ever bothered with guys, she liked the compliments sure but she had never had an interest in dating or relationships, she was happy being with herself. She grabbed some moisturiser and started applying it all over herself, as she stood there watching herself in the mirror rubbing her body she felt a rush.

Something about rubbing lotion all over her body always turned her on, the feeling of her fingers massaging her skin set her alight and she smiled as she spent a little too long rubbing the moisturiser between her legs. Had she not been getting ready she could have quite happily got back into bed and spent some more time exploring herself but alas she forced herself to stop and focus on getting ready. She pulled on a pair of white knickers and some denim ¾ pants and then put on a matching white bra and a summery top. After checking she looked okay in the mirror she grabbed her things and headed off for the short walk to the carvery.

It didn’t take her long and as she walked towards the pub she noticed a mini bus parked at the bottom end of the car park and guessed that that was theirs and that Mike and Lucy must already be here. As she entered the pub and walked towards the bar she looked around and sure enough she spotted her friends sitting at one of the tables in the corner. As she walked over Mike stood up and pointed at her bag. “I’ll go pop that in the bus if you want”.

“Oh thanks Mike” she replied, handing her little luggage bag to him. As he walked off she sat down and started talking to Lucy who told her that the others wouldn’t be too long then they would get breakfast. A few minutes later Mike reappeared and smiled when she saw Hannah and Tom walking in behind him.

“Look who I found outside, It’s the birthday girl” said Mike as he got to the table pointing at Hannah with a grin on his face. After everyone had wished her happy birthday Hannah sat herself down whilst Tom went to put their luggage in the bus. When he got back he sat down and looked round. He smiled and laughed. “ Of course we are waiting for Claire, that girl can never be on time for anything. They sat around chatting for a while until Lucy pointed out of the window and said “here she comes”.

Kayleigh looked around and saw Claire walking across the car park. She liked Claire but Kayleigh often wondered whether that was because they had been friends with her since school. If she had met her now she definitely wouldn’t have liked her from first impressions. Unlike Lucy and Hannah who were a lot like herself, girly and into cute fashion and feminine things, Claire was the complete opposite. She was and always had been a tom boy. On top of that she could act just like a man. Drinking, swearing, smoking, brazen attitude. Claire said what she thought and didn’t take shit from anybody. She had been in their friend group for so long everyone just loved her for who she was, Kayleigh included, though she did sometimes think given they were all almost 30 that she should calm it down and mellow out a little.

Once Claire had joined them they went up and hit the buffet. Kayleigh wanted to fill herself up for the day so helped herself to a bit of everything and poured herself a big glass of orange juice. Once she had finished her main full English she headed back to the buffet and got herself some toast and a cup of coffee to finish off. They sat around for a bit letting their breakfasts settle before they decided they should make a move. Kayleigh finished off her coffee and followed her friends out to the mini bus. She climbed on board and sat herself on the back seat. Lucy climbed in next to her and Claire and Hannah sat in the seats in front. Mike jumped in the driver's seat and Kayleigh looked around wondering where Tom had gone.

She spotted him over at his car and as he walked back to the bus she noticed he was carrying a big box. He opened the back door behind where she was sitting and said “here you are girls, I’ll just put this under your seat, help yourselves”. Kayleigh looked down and saw the box was full of lager and bottles of cider. She cheered and shouted “Woooo happy birthday Hannah, looks like we are starting the celebrations early”. They pulled out of the car park and headed for the motorway. They hadn’t even reached it before the cans of lager were out and they were toasting Hannah for her birthday.

Half an hour later Kayleigh was already enjoying her weekend away. She had finished her first can of lager and was definitely in the party mood. She reached down and grabbed herself a second can, handing two more to Claire and Hannah in front. As she popped it open and clinked it with her friends' can's as they cheered she felt the first signs of a need to pee. Not surprising after her orange juice and coffee. Plus she hadn’t used the loo before she left and now she was drinking lager. No wonder she was needing a wee. She was sure they would be stopping off at the services before long so ignored it and went back to singing along to the radio with her friends.

*004*2020-07-23 22:10

Chapter 2

Kayleigh found herself glancing at each road sign as it whizzed past. Details of junctions and how to get to certain places, the distance to those places, info about tourist attractions, roadworks signs. She had seen them all, just not the one she wanted to see the most. A sign for the services.

They had passed one about half an hour before so she was hoping there would be another one soon. When they had passed the first services they had only been on the road for about 45 minutes so stopping there hadn’t even crossed their minds, there had been no need to. However now they had been on the road for 1 hour and 20 minutes. Which really wasn’t such a long time on the face of it. However it was starting to feel like a long time for Kayleigh who was feeling a strong need to pee. She was cursing herself for not using the loo before they had left the pub. She hadn’t needed to at the time but on top of the juice and coffee she had had with breakfast she had now finished two cans of lager and half a bottle of cider.

When they had sailed past the first services she had only just started to notice her bladder, but over the past half an hour her need had grown. At first gradually where she noticed it every so often then it seemed to intensify quite quickly and now she could no longer ignore it. This is why she was checking every sign, looking for any indication of when they would be stopping for a break.

Another ten minutes passed and despite her growing need she had finished the rest of her cider and placed the empty bottle back in the beer box to dispose of later. As she sat back up she saw a sign coming up and she knew it was the one she had been waiting for. As they passed she read

“Welcome Break Services - 30 Miles”

She figured 30 miles would take about another 20 - 30 minutes. By then they would have been on the road for about 2 hours. The perfect time to stop for a break. At least now she knew how far it was and roughly when they would get there. She also knew that in another 20 minutes she would very much welcome the chance to pee. She knew she could comfortably hold it until the services but she also knew given the rate at which she had been drinking and her bladder had been filling she would definitely be bursting to go by then.

Ten minutes later she found herself subtly squirming as the pressure from her bladder intensified and sent spikes of desperate need through her. They passed another sign.

“Services - 20 Miles”

Another ten minutes passed and she found herself bouncing her legs and gently squeezing her thighs together to try and help ease the pressure. “Ooooo I’m busting for a pee” she thought to herself as another wave of desperation hit her causing her to squeeze her legs. Not much further to go. At least talking with Lucy about work was helping distract her.

“Services 10 Miles”

It seemed the nearer they got to the services the more intense her need got. Almost like her bladder knew relief was getting closer. She looked at her watch, by her estimate they should be there within 5 - 10 minutes.

“Services 1 Mile on Left”

“Just another minute or so” she thought to herself, as she listened to Lucy complaining about her bitchy co-worker. She glanced out of the window and saw the sign with the list of all the facilities and restaurants at the services and indicating the turn was coming up. She looked at the list of facilities but at that moment she only cared about one. She was absolutely bursting for a wee, bordering on being desperate, and could only think of getting to the toilets and enjoying a nice long pee.

She was so caught up in her thoughts that she hadn’t noticed they were still in the inside lane and only realised as they drove straight past the turn off for the services. She realised they weren’t stopping and was shocked. They always stopped off whenever they went anywhere, why not now. She had just assumed they would be. Had she known she would have asked if they could. Or would she. She had never been good when it came to asking for things, she just usually went along with what the others wanted to do. Even if she had asked to stop she definitely couldn’t explain why she wanted to stop. She wasn’t about to tell everyone she really needed to pee and as nobody else had said anything she didn’t want them to all stop just for her.

She thought maybe they hadn’t stopped as they were almost there, maybe they were only a few miles from coming off the motorway, or maybe they still had a while to go she wasn’t sure, This was the first time going to this place. As she thought it over she remembered Mike saying something about it taking three hours or a bit less depending if traffic was good. She checked her watch. They had left the pub about two hours ago and Mike was right then they still had about an hour left. There was no way they weren’t going to stop, right?. She was already bursting, there was no way she could go another hour without stopping somewhere. She would have to ask, have to say something. Though now they had passed the services god knows when the next ones would come along. For five minutes she sat squirming and debating what to do when suddenly she was distracted by Mike shouting.

“Right guys we have two options. We can come off this motorway and join the next one and not too far along there is a little service point where we can stop for a little break or we can carry on a bit further and come off and take the A roads. When we come off the slip road there there is a petrol station and a little park we can stop at”.

“I vote for whichever one lets us stop the soonest, I’m dying for a piss”

Usually if Claire had shouted something like that Kayleigh would have been disgusted at the crude language but right then it was like music to her ears. She was glad Claire had announced she needed to pee and wanted to stop as soon as possible, it meant she didn’t have to embarrass herself by asking for it.

“Motorway it is then”. Shouted Mike back “unless there are any objections”. Everyone agreed that was fine and Kayleigh sighed in relief. She just had hold on a little longer, and at least she now knew she wasn’t the only one bursting for the loo.

“How long will it take to get there Mike?” asked Claire.

“As long as traffic stays like this, probably about 15 minutes or so,” he replied.

“Well make it quick, I’m fucking busting for a piss, this lager is going right through me” said Claire. “If you don’t get a shift on I’ll fucking piss myself” she added laughing.

Kayleigh had no time to be shocked at Claire’s language. Her mind was racing with what Mike had just said, 15 minutes!. She was already bursting and bordering on being desperate, 15 more minutes and she definitely would be desperate. She knew Claire had been joking about wetting herself if he didn’t hurry up but with how quickly her desperation was growing Kayleigh was concerned she might end up doing that if they didn’t get there soon. She sat back in her seat, squirming and bouncing and she could see that Claire was jiggling in her seat. She focused on holding on, telling herself she would be fine, she would make it. 15 minutes wasn't that long....right?

*007*2020-07-24 15:13

Chapter 3

Kayleigh glanced at her watch for what must have been the tenth time in less than a minute. “Why does time seem to slow down when you are bursting for a pee” she thought to herself. She had been shocked when she had first heard it would be another fifteen minutes till they stopped off, but then the more she thought about it the less daunting it had seemed. Sure she was bursting but she knew she could hold it a little longer. That had been five minutes ago, only five minutes had passed but now she was starting to feel that 15 minutes was much longer than she had anticipated. Almost like the more her need intensified the slower time ran just to torture her.

She could handle holding a full bladder and quite often found herself bursting to pee. Whether it was at work, in a meeting, whilst out shopping, driving home from somewhere, she often found herself having gone hours without using the bathroom and being bursting. She was used to that. However she was now reaching the point of desperation, the point where she would go from being bursting and holding it quite comfortably to the stages of really having to hold back and struggling not to wet herself. It was rare she would get like that, it usually only happened when she had been drinking and it would make her bladder fill quicker and make the need intensify so much faster.

The kind of desperation she would often feel coming home after a night out, quickly going from needing to pee to oh god I’m about to pee, super fast. Right now she was almost at that point. With two cans of lager and a bottle of cider on top of her coffee she was quickly getting desperate, and it had only been five minutes. If what Mike had said was true she still had ten more minutes to wait. Hence why she kept glancing at her watch, urging time to hurry up or Mike to drive quicker. It also didn’t help that Claire kept suddenly making comments during the conversation about how much she needed to pee. Was hard to try and distract herself with the constant reminder.

Another five minutes passed. She just kept telling herself that they were almost there, she would be able to pee soon and hopefully she wouldn’t get so desperate that she started wetting her knickers. Though with each wave of desperation that hit her she felt herself getting closer and closer to that point. As a wave washed over her she instinctively squeezed her thighs together and let out a little gasp. Lucy shuffled over on the seat and leaned in to her and whispered “are you alright Kay?”.

Kayleigh looked round and nodded “yeah I’m fine”. She smiled at Lucy who then looked down at her legs bouncing, held tightly together and smiled. She leaned in again and whispered “You look a little squirmy there, that’s why I asked if you were okay”. Kayleigh felt her cheeks flush but before she could say anything Lucy continued “don’t worry you’re not alone, unlike Claire I don’t go around loudly announcing it but I’m getting pretty desperate for a wee myself, it’s not much further”. Kayleigh felt a little more relieved knowing Lucy was also in the same boat as she was and now she didn’t feel as conscious about squirming around.

“It’s like when we come back from a night out isn’t it, us lot in the back of a mini bus needing to pee” whispered Lucy, laughing as she mirrored Kayleigh’s squirming. Kayleigh couldn’t help but laugh, it was true they had often been in that situation, sat in a taxi on the way home after being out in town, all of them squirmy and desperate.

They pulled out of the inside lane and came off the motorway and down onto the joining motorway that would take them Westbound towards the coast. Now they were off the main motorway Kayleigh knew it wouldn’t be much further, Mike had said it wasn’t far down once they had joined this road. Sure enough a few minutes later they pulled off onto a slip road and up ahead was a small rest stop with a petrol station, a bakery and a shop. The moment Mike had pulled into a parking space Claire spoke up. “Come on Hannah let me out, I’m gonna piss myself”. Hannah jumped out followed by Claire who quickly set off towards the buildings. Once she had Kayleigh was able to move the seat forward and jump out. The sudden change to standing up sent a fresh wave of need through her bladder and she quickly crossed her legs. When Lucy got out they followed after Claire in search of the toilets.

They caught up to Claire who had stopped in front of the buildings. “Where are the toilets around here” she asked looking around. They weren’t immediately visible, the shop was to their right, the bakery next to that and beyond that was the petrol station forecourt. “Here mate, do you know where the loo’s are” shouted Claire, startling a young lad coming out of the bakery.

“They are just round the back of the shop over there” he replied, pointing around the corner of the shop. The three of them quickly walked around the corner and there towards the back of the building was a smaller building marked “Toilets”. When they went inside there was a row of four doors. Claire dashed into the first one and Lucy walked over to the second one. Upon finding it locked she went into the third one. Kayleigh quickly headed to the fourth door and to her dismay found it locked. She realised they must have all been occupied and she stood gently stepping from foot to foot, crossing her legs and hoping one of them would open soon. She heard a toilet flush and the first door opened.

“Fucking hell that feels better” moaned Claire as she walked out of the cubicle, buttoning up her tight jeans as she did. “You can’t beat a good piss can you”. She asked this, directing it towards Kayleigh who could only nod and dash inside the empty cubicle. She locked the door and undid the button on her pants, quickly pulling them down, along with her knickers and sitting on the toilet. She relaxed and sighed with relief as the pressure released and her bladder emptied. Claire was right, she may have put it rather crudely but she was right. The relief of peeing after holding it for so long was definitely good. She sat there happily smiling as she finished her pee and sorted herself out.

She headed back outside and found her friends looking around the shop. They bought some crisps and sweets and headed back to the bus. They stood around chatting for ten minutes, stretching their legs and enjoying the sunshine before getting back on board to finish off their journey. Kayleigh had to admit, the closer they got the more excited she felt, she was looking forward to her weekend away with everyone. It was rare these days that they all got to be together like this so any opportunity they could she relished in it.

As they pulled out of the car park Hannah swung around and said “chuck us another lager will you Kay, and one for Claire”. Kayleigh fished out the box from under her seat, handing out two cans of lager to the girls in front and taking two bottles of cider for her and Lucy. As they joined the motorway again Lucy shouted to the front asking Mike how much further it was.

“About an hour I would say” he replied.

“Oh good, not too long” said Lucy happily, cracking open her cider. Kayleigh did the same and they clinked their bottles. She glanced at her watch. Another hour or so would make it about 12:30. Once they had found their hotel and checked in it would give them plenty of time to enjoy the Air show for the afternoon before they got ready for the show that evening. Kayleigh couldn’t wait, it was going to be awesome.

*009*2020-07-25 12:05

Chapter 4

Kayleigh downed the last bit of cider from her bottle and reached under her seat for the box. She dropped the bottle inside and pulled herself out a can of lager. As she did Claire reached over holding an empty can which Kayleigh took from her, replacing it with a fresh one. She shoved the box back under her seat and cracked open the can, taking a sip before resuming her conversation with Lucy. Her and Mike had gotten engaged a few months back so quite often they found themselves talking about wedding related things. Claire and Hannah had started playing a game and Mike and Tom were talking about whatever they talked about, guy stuff she presumed.

In and amongst their conversation Kayleigh once again found herself glancing at the road signs as they went by. About ten minutes prior she had seen a sign with their destination stating they had 40 miles left. Now she couldn’t help but look at each sign, following their progress and keeping a running commentary to the others.

“35 Miles”

“30 Miles”

“25 Miles”

“20 Miles”

Along with the signs she kept looking at her watch, noting they were averaging a mile a minute. Mike’s estimate of an hour was looking on track. Just as they passed a sign that said 15 miles they pulled off the motorway and joined the roads that would lead them into the seaside town where they were staying. Now that they were on these roads their progress had slowed down, dealing with roundabouts and traffic lights. Still, only 15 miles to go, they would be there in no time.

Kayleigh had finished her lager and slid the box out to drop the empty can in. As she did Lucy downed the rest of her can and leaned over to throw hers into the box. She leaned into Kayleigh and whispered “what did you say was on the last sign you saw?”.

“15 miles, but that was just before we came off the motorway so I would say more like 10 miles now” replied Kayleigh.

Lucy smiled and said “oh good, not that far then, shouldn’t take us too long” before Kayleigh could respond Lucy whispered “at least I hope not, I’m busting for a pee”.

Kayleigh laughed. Although it had only been 45 minutes since they had stopped off she too had been feeling the ever growing need for another wee. With all the drinks she had consumed she wasn’t surprised. She had thought just as she had gotten back on the bus she was glad it was only another hour. She had realised she had “broken the seal” as people say and that she would soon need to pee again. Sure enough for the past half hour she had steadily felt her bladder filling and now she was definitely needed to go. She wasn’t quite bursting yet but given how quickly her need was growing she knew it wouldn’t be long.

She smiled at Lucy and whispered “me too”.

Lucy leaned back in and whispered “oh good, I’m glad I’m not the only one, how badly do you need to go?”

Kayleigh thought for a moment before replying “pretty bad, not quite bursting yet but I soon will be, you?”

Lucy nodded and said “oh I’m definitely bursting, have been for the past ten minutes or so, still we will be there shortly, I will be fine”. She squirmed as she said those last three words and Kayleigh knew how she felt. At least this time she knew they were close to where they were going, she would be fine too, no use making a fuss over nothing, another 15 minutes and they would arrive.

No sooner had she thought that they slowed right down almost coming to a stop. She looked up ahead and saw a line of traffic and in the distance a set of traffic lights. “Looks like everyone is coming for the air show” said Mike. “That’ll be why the traffic is bad”.

Lucy turned to Kayleigh biting her lip. “I hope it doesn't take too long to get through this lot,” she said pointing at the traffic ahead. Kayleigh agreed. She looked at Lucy squirming in her seat, knowing she was bursting to pee made Kayleigh hope the traffic didn’t take too long. Not just because she didn’t want too much of a delay for Lucy, also because seeing her friend squirming and knowing she badly needed a wee was reminding Kayleigh just how much she did too. She found herself squirming at the thought of being stuck in traffic for too long. Hopefully once they were through the lights it would be fine. Not much further to go.

*013*2020-07-27 12:51

Chapter 5

Kayleigh watched Lucy’s legs bouncing and squeezing then looked down at her own legs doing exactly the same. In the past ten minutes they had gradually moved closer to the lights that were holding them up but it had felt like they had hardly moved at all. Kayleigh wished the traffic was moving as quickly as her need to pee seemed to be growing. The aching pressure between her legs just kept getting more and more intense and she was now definitely bursting and quickly getting towards being desperate. They slowly crawled their way forward and finally got through the lights which to Kayleigh's dismay hadn’t changed anything. They were still queuing in traffic.

“Everyone is funnelling into the main road from all directions,” said Mike looking around. “I’m guessing they are all heading to the Air show and all the roads are slow with people looking for somewhere to park, at least we don’t have to worry about that, we can park in the hotel car park”.

It was good that they didn’t have to worry about parking but that didn’t help the fact they still had to deal with everyone else looking for parking and holding them up. Kayleigh squirmed as a wave of need washed over her body causing her to moan. Suddenly Hannah responded to Mike’s comment and made Kayleigh look up smiling.

“I know we are almost there Mike but is there anywhere nearby before we get into the town centre that we can stop at, a cafe or supermarket or something? I'm getting pretty desperate for a pee and I really don’t think I can wait to get through all this traffic”.

“Yes yes yes, thank you Hannah, yes!” Kayleigh could have shouted that but she thought it to herself. She was so glad Hannah had asked that. She had resigned herself to having to wait until they reached the hotel but now she was really hoping there was somewhere close by. As if spurred on by Hannah’s request Claire joined in.

“I second that, that sounds like a bloody good idea, I’m fucking desperate too, all that lager really doesn’t do my bladder any good”.

Tom said he would check on his phone and all Kayleigh could do was sit and hope something, anything was near enough that had a bathroom to use. She had been so focused on Lucy’s squirming that she was only now noticing Claire and Hannah were shifting. It seemed all of them were feeling the effects of the alcohol. It made Kayleigh feel a little better knowing it wasn’t just her and Lucy.

After a couple of minutes Tom shouted back saying there was a supermarket not too far away, it just meant diverting off their current route and heading away from the town centre. Hannah was the first to answer. “That’s fine, I don’t care which way we have to go, I just know if I have to sit in this traffic for much longer I am going to end up wetting myself, and by the sounds of it Claire feels the same”. She swung around and added “any objections from you two” directing the question at Kayleigh and Lucy.

“Actually I’m glad you mentioned stopping, I could really do with a wee myself” said Lucy.

“Yeah, me too” added Kayleigh, blushing”.

“Supermarket it is then” said Hannah turning to the guys in front.

“And make it quick Mike, unless you want a wet seat to clean” said Claire laughing but Kayleigh judged by her motions it wasn’t entirely a joke.

It took them ten minutes in the slow traffic to finally reach a turn off from the road. As they did Kayleigh was now super glad they were heading somewhere to pee. She was now definitely desperate and really having to hold back to keep her knickers dry. With each wave of desperation that hit her she had to clamp her legs shut in an effort to keep herself from leaking. She wasn’t sure how far the supermarket was but she was glad they were now moving quickly and not stuck in a line of traffic.

For the next few minutes all she could do was concentrate on holding her aching bladder. She felt like any moment she was going to start wetting herself. The pressure was getting so intense and each spike of need felt like she was going to leak. She wondered if the others were feeling the same but the more she thought about them the more torturous it was for her. Her heart and bladder skipped when she saw the supermarket in the distance. “Not much longer” she thought to herself and she slipped a hand between her thighs and pressed gently on her aching pussy.

As they pulled into the car park they hit another line of traffic. They slowly edged forward and it soon became apparent that it was going to be hard to find a spot to park. They drove up a row of spaces finding nothing and as they came back down the next row Hannah spoke up. “If you and Tom don’t need to come in can you just drop us off at the pick up point and wait for us there”. Mike said that was fine and slowly made his way around towards the front of the store. He pulled up in the pick up point and the moment he stopped Hannah quickly opened the door and jumped out followed by Claire.

Kayleigh pushed the seat forward and jumped out joining her friends. The sudden motion jolted her bladder and she gasped as she felt a little trickle escape into her knickers. She crossed her legs tight to regain control and waited for Lucy to get out. Once she was they set off through the crowds into the store. As they walked in they frantically looked around looking for any signs of where the bathrooms were. Across the store they could see a sign for the cafe so they assumed that would be the logical place for the bathrooms. They set off walking across the store, all hurrying along, weaving in and out of people, occasionally getting caught in the crowd. Kayleigh kept having to stop to get past people. She wanted to yell at them to move out of the way but her nature wouldn’t allow that. Unlike Claire who was just ahead of her loudly shouting “Scuse me” to anyone getting in her way.

As they reached the cafe Kayleigh saw what she so desperately wanted. A sign in the back corner marked “Toilets”. They made their way towards them, Claire at the front shoving her way through. Kayleigh gasped as another little trickle escaped dampening her knickers. She was so close but it was like the closer she got to that sign the quicker her need was growing. They reached the corridor and as Claire turned the corner ahead Kayleigh heard her swear. Just a single word but it was one Kayleigh didn’t like the sound of. “Fuck!”. Not because she didn’t like the word, more because of what would make Claire shout it.

As she turned the corner she saw why. Ahead of them outside the ladies toilets was a queue of about 5 people. It seemed like a lot of people had the same idea as them. They joined the queue and Kayleigh crossed her legs tight, being so close but having to wait was torture. It looked like her friends felt the same, all of them stood squirming and moaning. God she hoped this queue wouldn’t take long.

*017*2020-07-28 19:55

Chapter 6

Kayleigh's hand instinctively drifted towards her crotch but she caught herself and pulled her hand away. She longed to slip her hand between her legs, to press her fingers against her desperate pussy to try and relieve some of the intense pressure but she couldn’t do that. She would feel embarrassed doing that in front of her friends, the people she knew, she would die if she ended up doing that in front of the complete strangers in front of them in the queue. Unlike Claire, who in the past few minutes had openly held herself as she stood from foot to foot dancing in desperation. Lucy was leaning against the wall, her legs crossed and occasionally doing little curtsies and Hannah had spent the past few minutes unashamedly pee dancing and moaning about how badly she needed a wee.

Kayleigh had been watching them. She would have loved to hold herself, dance around, announce how badly she needed a wee because boy was she desperate, but her body wouldn’t let her do any of those things. She had always been shy about admitting her bathroom needs and tended to hide as much as she could when she was desperate to go.

Suddenly Hannah moved away from the wall and walked over to the disabled toilet. She pulled hard on the handle, finding it locked. She came back grumbling about it being locked. Kayleigh had expected it to be locked. She had looked at the disabled toilet a few times but had surmised it wasn’t open as no one else in the queue was using it. Although she had all but known it would be locked she had still felt a pang of disappointment when it hadn’t opened for Hannah. Or maybe it was a pang of desperation. She was getting those quite often now and it was definitely getting harder to control the leaks threatening to happen.

Hannah was moaning again about how much she had to pee and how slowly the queue was going down. Out of nowhere Claire joined in. “Tell me about it, I’m seriously gonna piss myself if they don’t get a move on, can’t take that long to pee surely”. She once again grabbed her crotch and suddenly said “fuck this”. She left the queue and walked straight over to the gents toilets. She pushed the door open and upon opening the second door into the toilets she looked inside and came back out. “There’s no one in there, anyone joining me”. She disappeared inside and Kayleigh couldn’t believe her audacity.

What if a guy came to use the toilets. Wouldn’t she feel embarrassed?. The moment she asked herself that she knew it was a stupid question. Claire rarely got embarrassed about anything. There were plenty of times Kayleigh found Claire’s brash attitude to be uncouth and ill fitting of a situation. But she did have to admit, she was sometimes jealous of her care free attitude. Her attitude of not caring what anyone else thought, not caring about what she did, just being able to do things without even thinking about it. Kayleigh would have loved to be like that. Like right now she thought to herself. She would have loved to be able to just follow Claire into the gents, not caring about who saw or what they thought. But she couldn’t do it, even the thought of it was making her feel embarrassed.

She had expected it to be just Claire so she was quite shocked when Hannah announced “You know what, I don’t care, I just need a wee” and walked across and into the gents. She was shocked at Hannah following suit but given how much she had been moaning she must have been desperate to do so. Kayleigh could only imagine how desperate she would have to get before she did anything like that. At least now they had left the queue a little shorter.

A couple of minutes later Claire emerged from the gents looking much happier. “Fuck me that felt amazing” she said as she walked past Kayleigh and Lucy and headed out back into the store. Kayleigh definitely felt jealous of her friend having found relief and was glad they were now at the door. She could see inside the bathroom and saw it was similar to the one at the supermarket back at home. Small room with two cubicles and two sinks. At least that meant there was no hidden queue inside. There was one person in front of her and Lucy now so it shouldn’t be too much longer. As a woman exited one of the cubicles and went to the sink the lady in front had gone in allowing Lucy to move forward into the bathroom and as the woman washing her hands finished and headed out Kayleigh moved in beside Lucy.

Now she was in the bathroom her bladder sensed relief was close and a wave of need washed over her body. She crossed her legs tight but it didn’t stop the leak dampening her knickers. She was so close, she had to hold on a little longer. A little leak was fine, as long as there were no more. Listening to the sound of the ladies already in the cubicles peeing really wasn’t helping and judging by Lucy’s dancing it wasn’t helping her either. The sound of one of the toilets flushing was both a wonderful sound as it meant being closer to relief but the sound of the gushing water caused Kayleigh to leak again. She squeezed her legs tight and waited for the cubicle to become free.

Had she been more like Claire she would have definitely been asking Lucy if she could go first, telling her that she was starting to wet her knickers. But she couldn’t say that, she couldn’t admit that to Lucy, no matter how true it was. So she just had to watch as the cubicle opened and Lucy dashed inside. She heard her friend fumbling with her dress and then a loud gushing stream with a sigh of relief.

“Come on come come on” she chanted to herself as her bladder threatened to leak again. “Just a little longer, tiny bit longer”.

Finally the toilet flushed and the door opened. The woman walked out heading for the sinks. As soon as she was out of the way Kayleigh dashed in, quickly locking the door. The sight of the toilet was almost too much for her aching bladder and she quickly jammed her hand between her legs, at least now no one could see her doing that. She fumbled with the button on her jeans, it suddenly seeming like an impenetrable safe in her desperate state. Finally she got it undone and slid down her jeans and her damp knickers.

Sinking on to the toilet she sighed in relief as she started peeing full force. The relief washing over her was amazing. She couldn’t help but moan slightly with how good it felt to finally pee. She was so caught up in the moment she forgot herself and it was only Lucy giggling and saying “sounds like you are enjoying that” that made her catch herself and quiet down.

After what felt like an eternity her bladder finally emptied and she sat there for a moment making sure it was completely done before she wiped her pussy and stood up. As she pulled her knickers up she noticed they were a little damp but nothing too major, they would dry soon enough. She pulled her jeans back into place and buttoned them up before heading out to join Lucy at the sinks. Once she had washed and dried her hands she followed Lucy out into the store. As they got back to the bus Kayleigh noticed Hannah hadn’t come back. She thought she must have been looking around the store with Claire as she wasn’t back either. A few minutes later Claire came back and Lucy asked where Hannah was. Tom said she wouldn’t be long so they got on board to wait.

It wasn’t long before Kayleigh saw her coming out of the store towards them. At first Kayleigh couldn’t figure out what was wrong, then she realised Hannah was no longer wearing the white shorts she had been wearing earlier. She was now wearing denim shorts. Or had she imagined white shorts. Maybe she had always had on denim shorts. The more she thought about it the more unsure she was. When Hannah got on and they pulled off to head for the hotel it was Claire who answered Kayleigh's question.

“Did you get sorted out then?” she asked, directing it at Hannah.

“Yeah, thankfully we are here for the weekend so it was fine” she replied.

“You alright Hannah” asked Lucy, looking concerned.

Hannah turned around and Kayleigh could see her cheeks were flushed. “Yeah, I just...I had a little accident in the bathroom”.

“Why what happened?” asked Lucy looking even more concerned.

“I was getting really desperate so decided to follow Claire’s lead and go into the gents, when I got in there I had a little trouble with my getting my belt undone and unfortunately standing next to the toilet was making my desperation worse and I was starting to wee myself. By the time I managed to get my belt undone I had already wet my shorts quite a bit and my knickers were soaked, luckily I had spare clothes in our luggage so I asked Tom to bring me some new shorts” She replied, blushing even harder.

“So being the loving boyfriend I am, I obliged,” shouted Tom from the front seat. “Wasn’t sure why she wanted new shorts she just told me to bring new shorts and knickers to the gents, not often you get a request like that” he added laughing.

They all laughed and joked about it being funny. It did seem funny and at least Hannah found it that way, she didn’t seem to care. Kayleigh thought about how close she had come to wetting herself and how mortified she would have been had she had to message one of her friends to bring her clean clothes. It didn’t bear thinking about.

*020*2020-07-30 01:21

{{3 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Not sure if that was the last chapter or not, but this is/was a fantastic story

}}

Nope, still more to come Glad you are enjoying it.

*021*2020-07-30 12:12

Chapter 7

They rejoined the slow moving queue of traffic heading towards the sea front but now Kayleigh didn’t care about the traffic. She was just excited about the fact they were almost there. She loved being by the sea, she always thought that one day she would love to move to the coast and live by the sea. Perhaps one day she might, for now it was just a pipe dream. She was also excited as she had never been to this place before and always loved exploring new places.

Finally the sight she had been waiting for came into view. Ahead of them was the seafront road, beyond that the beach and then the sea. Such a lovely sight. It took them a few minutes of fighting through the traffic but they finally pulled out onto the sea front and headed towards their hotel which she knew was towards the far end. She was amazed as they drove along. She had read somewhere that this place was a “mini Las Vegas”. She wondered what that could possibly mean but now driving along the sea front she could see why it had been described that way. Along one side of the seafront were countless Amusement arcades and bars as far as she could see. All adorned with lights and she could only imagine how this place would look at night when everything was lit up. The further they drove the more she couldn’t believe it. The arcades and amusements never seemed to end. She loved going to the amusements when at the seaside so right now she was in heaven.

Eventually the arcades ended and across the road she saw something else she loved. A pier jutting out into the ocean and right at the end a huge funfair. She had read there were 3 piers in the town. One of which was where they were going for their show that evening. She hadn't seen the other two and as this one she was looking at was called the South pier she could only assume they were back the way they had just driven. She thought this place couldn’t possibly get any better but boy was she wrong. As they drove on a little further her mind was blown when she saw the roller coaster rising up towards the sky. An amusement park!! At the seaside!!. Yep it was official, this place was awesome. She had been excited by the funfair but a whole amusement park, that was next level. Why had she never been here before. She got even more excited when Mike commented on the roller coaster saying maybe they should come check that out tomorrow. A suggestion that everyone seemed to love.

Just after the amusement park they found their hotel. It looked lovely and a bonus that it was right next to the sea. They parked up and Mike and Tom headed inside to check in. Now they were here all Kayleigh wanted to do was drop her luggage off and get out and explore. Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a loud noise followed by a huge bang that made her jump. From the others' reactions it seemed they had been caught off guard too.

“What the hell was that” she shouted, her heart racing.

“It was that” replied Claire, pointing out of the window. “Fuck yeah that was awesome”

Kayleigh swung around and looked out to where Claire was pointing. In the distance she saw a fighter jet soaring through the sky, circling back around. The air show must have started. She didn’t know enough about aircraft to know what kind of jet it was but it was awesome to watch. Even if the sonic boom had scared her half to death. She sat watching it in awe of how amazing it was and the skill it must take to fly like that. When Tom and Mike returned he explained the rooms and handed out keys. As arranged she was sharing with Claire and the two couples had their own rooms.

She grabbed her bag and followed Claire into the hotel to go look for their room. Upon finding it she was pleasantly surprised with how big the room was. They each had a double bed and plenty of space. The part she was most impressed with was the fact they were at the front of the hotel facing the sea and the cherry on the cake was the balcony. She suddenly found it sad they were only here for two days. They had decided to spend two full days here before heading home on Monday. With all that she had seen she could have happily spent all week there. She quickly unpacked her bag, setting her stuff out and hanging her clothes in the wardrobe before going and standing on the balcony to take in the sea air. She could see way down in the distance the crowds of people gathered watching the air show and couldn’t wait to join them.

Shortly after Hannah came in and said they were ready and would be downstairs waiting. Kayleigh grabbed her things and as she headed to leave the room she decided she would pee before they left. It hadn’t been that long since she had been at the supermarket but she thought she better play it safe and go before they headed out. As she expected it wasn’t much but at least she was now heading out empty.

She joined her friends outside the hotel and they set off walking along the seafront. Kayleigh checked her watch. Their show that evening started at 9 o’clock so they had plenty of time before they needed to head back to get ready. Plenty of time to take everything in and enjoy themselves. Another loud noise signalled the arrival of another aircraft and they whooped and cheered when it went flying by.

A little way up the front Kayleigh's attention was solely focused on the amusement park. Now they were on foot she could really take it in. She could see a few big roller coasters and Mike was telling them about some of the other rides they had. It sounded fun and she definitely hoped they went there the following day. It had been ages since they had been to a theme park. They usually went to Alton Towers but it had been some time since they had last gone. They carried on a while enjoying the views of the beach and the aircraft going by and soon reached the pier. They decided they would walk to the other end and then work their way back and go onto the pier later. As they walked along Kayleigh was in awe at all the different arcades and really couldn’t wait to see them in the evening.

They soon reached the crowds and they saw that around the beach there were stalls set up for the air show and they headed down to look at them. As they were wandering round the stalls they spotted one selling burgers and decided to grab one for lunch. Next to the burger stall was a pop up bar so whilst three of them went to get food the other three went to get drinks. When they met back up they found a table and sat down, enjoying their lunch and lovely cold bottles of beer. After they finished eating they moved off the table to leave it free for other people buying food and went and found a spot next to the beach to stand and watch the aircraft performances. There were two huge helicopters that were doing aerial acrobatics and almost dancing with each other. Kayleigh was bewildered, how on earth could helicopters be flown like that, so close to one another and do those moves without crashing. She couldn’t fathom it, it was incredible.

When they had all finished their drinks they moved on and finally reached the central pier. Mike told them the North pier where they were going that evening was much further down but the main hub of activity was here so there was no point heading any further. Kayleigh was fine with that and she was happy watching the show so they wandered along the pier and found a bench where they could sit and watch in the beautiful sunshine.

*023*2020-07-30 19:12

Chapter 8

Kayleigh squeezed her legs as they stopped to watch the plane fly past. She was really starting to need a wee. They had spent the last few hours watching the air show and wandering along the seafront dabbling in some of the arcades and looking around the shops, they had even stopped off for an ice cream. She wasn’t surprised she needed a wee. It had been about 4 hours since she had been in her hotel room and since then they had had a few drinks. Whilst sat watching the Air Show they had been to the pop up bar a few times to get some nice cold bottles of lager. Now they were heading back to their hotel and as they had been in some of the arcades and walking along the seafront those drinks had gradually been filling her bladder and now she was busting for a pee.

They kept stopping to watch the different aircraft going by and each time they did she found herself squeezing her legs to try and quell the growing need. Unfortunately they had gone past all the arcades and bars so there wasn’t anywhere she could go. The stretch of seafront they were walking along was made up of houses and bed and breakfasts. Not anywhere with a public loo. They still had a little while to walk until they reached their hotel and she had resigned herself to having to wait until they got there. Had they just been walking that wouldn’t have seemed so bad but the fact they kept stopping was making it seem like a much longer wait. They hadn’t even reached the amusement park yet and she knew their hotel was a little way after that.

They continued along and when they finally reached the point where they were opposite the amusement park Kayleigh glanced across the road to see if there were any toilets available around the entrance but as she expected there were none, they were inside the park. She had guessed that would be the case but it would have been lovely if there had been. She really needed to pee, the lagers were hitting her bladder hard, alcohol always made her need to pee really badly and this time was no different. She could see their hotel in the distance but god did it look far away.

15 minutes later and a number of stops later they were almost back. Something Kayleigh was very glad about. In those 15 minutes her need had grown and now she was bursting. Each time they stopped she had to cross her legs and subtly squirm. At least it wasn’t too much further to go she thought to herself, she kept telling herself that to make herself feel better.

When they reached the hotel they stopped opposite it and Hannah checked the time. She said they still had some time so she was going to sit on the beach for a bit. The others agreed they would do the same. Mike said he would go and go and get some things from their room and Kayleigh said she would do the same. She couldn’t think of anything she needed; she just didn’t want to admit she was just going in for a pee. She asked Claire if she needed anything and when she said she was fine she set off after Mike.

She found Mike standing outside the lifts waiting for one to come. When it did they got inside and Kayleigh found herself unable to stand still. Mike noticed her squirming and said “Yeah me too, first thing I’m doing when I get to my room is peeing. Kayleigh blushed and just nodded in agreement. When they exited the lift Mike headed off down the corridor to his room and Kayleigh went the other way towards hers and Claires. When she got to the door she fished the keycard out of her purse and pushed it in. When she tried the door nothing happened, god she hated these things, they never seemed to work first try. She squeezed her legs and tried the card a few more times, begging it to work. She really didn’t want to have to go all the way back outside to get Claire’s card.

Finally the door beeped and she pushed it open. She dashed inside and quickly turned into the bathroom. She danced for a moment as she undid her button and quickly pulled them down. She sighed in relief as she sat down and started peeing. Releasing the pressure she had been holding for a while. As she finished she realised she would most likely need to pee again soon but at least they were just across the road.

She went into her room, looking round for anything she might need and decided to change into her shorts. After she had done she stepped out onto the balcony and looked across at the beach, spotting her friends. She admired the view for a moment before heading back out to join them. She looked at her watch and decided she would enjoy the sun for an hour or so then she would come and have a shower and get ready for the evening. She couldn’t wait to see Hannah’s reaction when she found out what they were seeing.

