Kim and Anouk: A Risky Bet with a Wet Reward

Author: GirlsLovePee

*000*2023-04-23 11:28

"Why not?!" said Kim to Anouk, "doing something fun every once in a while can't hurt, can it?"

"Yeah, I know," Anouk thought, "but I have to work tomorrow and I want to be rested. But I guess it's true that I'm young now and should take advantage of it."

"Okay, let's do it then. You buy the tickets online; they're probably cheaper than at the theater," said Anouk. "Okay, I'll do that. See you at seven o'clock at my house?" asked Kim. "Sure, see you then," replied Anouk as she hung up the phone.

Kim had been nagging her for two days to go see the new film about a dance group trying to make it big. So, being a good friend, Anouk agreed to go. But she had to be at Kim's house in forty-five minutes, so she'd better start getting ready. After some consideration, she decided to wear a black dress with short sleeves, an orange leggings and black sneakers. She left her hair down and didn't put on too much makeup. She quickly drank her tea, which she had already made, and hopped on her bike. "Hi there, are you coming outside?" she asked Kim on the phone. "Oh, you're on time! I'll just print the tickets and be right out," replied Kim.

Kim was her best friend, and they had known each other since elementary school. They had been through many adventures together, but lately they had been seeing each other less often, which was a shame because Anouk realized that she really wanted to see her friend more often. Ah, there's Kim. Oh, she didn't go too crazy with her outfit because Kim is wearing grey jeans and a cute green t-shirt. After a big hug, Kim jumps on the back of Anouk's bike because she doesn't feel like biking herself, and Anouk doesn't feel like arguing with her. She'll make Kim bike back later.

The train to the theater is quiet, as it's just a Thursday evening, so we can catch up on things. Kim, as always, has been up to all sorts of things. Two days ago, she took up a challenge at work as a waitress to kiss a customer. If she did it, she'd get $20, and yes, that $20 is now hers. I, on the other hand, am more cautious, although I would like to have more courage. Before we go into the theater, we grab two bottles of sparkling water because we have to watch our figures, and we also buy a box of popcorn to balance it out. "Oh, that's right, this is the theater with those big chairs you sink into," I say surprised.

"Yeah, that's right," Kim replies. "It's so quiet; the movie starts in five minutes, and there's no one here yet," I say. "Yeah, I don't know, I hope it's not a bad sign for the movie..."

"Oh well, I still think it's cozy," I say, touching her leg. "Nice pants, by the way. They look good on you. Where did you get them?"

"Oh, thank you, just at Jeans Center, I think." Just as the movie starts, I feel that the tea from home is trying to tell me something. "Crap, I actually have to pee," I say a bit foolishly. "Haha, idiot, the movie just started, and if you miss the beginning, you won't understand the rest of the movie," says Kim. "Yeah, haha, you're right. It's not too bad," I reply.

"Well, that bottle of sparkling water went down pretty smoothly on this pleasant summer evening, and I really need to use the restroom now, but the movie is already more than halfway through. Next time, I really need to remember to do these things beforehand, as I cross my legs in a different way to alleviate the feeling. "Do you need to use the restroom now or what? I see you shifting back and forth," Kim says. "Haha, yeah, kinda," I reply shyly. "You know what, I have an idea. Do you want to earn 30 euros?" Oh no, where is this going, I think. "Uh, yeah, but what do you have in mind?"

"Okay, I know a way to relieve you a bit, and you're wearing the perfect outfit for it," Kim says cheerfully. "Yeah, sounds good, but what do you want me to do?" I ask.

"Pee," she says softly. "PEE!?" I reply in a loud whisper. "Yeah, pee, in the movie theater seat, but secretly. If you lift up your dress so that you're sitting on your leggings, we'll just walk out later, and no one will see anything!" Okay, this is really weird. "Kim, come on, I can't do that."

"Of course you can, and you probably won't be the first one, and you'll get 30 euros for it. I would have done it for that much, but I'm not wearing a dress." Okay, this is really weird, but "okay," I say softly after some consideration. I see a big smile on Kim's face, and I lift up the back of my dress a bit. Kim takes my hand and squeezes it softly. I look at Kim with a small smile, then back at the movie, and immediately feel why I'm crossing my legs. I put them side by side and sit a bit wider. I already feel a bit of urine coming up. Am I really going to do this?! I don't believe myself and let out a little bit of pee, feeling my pink Hello Kitty panties getting a bit warm, and I look at Kim. "Are you peeing yet?" she asks softly. “Just a little bit," I reply.

"Haha," Kim laughs. I feel a little bit on my leggings and can already feel that not only my panties have gotten a bit wet, oops. Well, in that case, the rest doesn't really matter, and as I say it, I let out a little bit of pee again. Oh, that feels good, and shortly after, I relax even more and start peeing. Oh, that's relieving. I look at Kim and spread my legs a bit wider so she can watch too. She leans against me and watches, while I feel the warmth more and more as I pee. I see that the seat is doing its best to absorb it, but it's not entirely successful. Fortunately, it's not overflowing, otherwise, it would have made a lot of noise.

That feels good as I let out the last bit, and I see that the rest is now being sucked up by the seat, so I stay in a pretty comfortable warm seat. Kim is still leaning against me and turns her face to me and gives me a kiss on my cheek. I smile back at her, and then Kim goes with her hand to my knee and goes from there over the inside of my leg towards the warm spot and feels the wet and warm part. I quickly cross my legs again and feel my heart beating faster. She pulls her hand back and says "Just checking if you really earned the 30 euros," she says laughing and runs her hand through her hair. "But yes, you have more than earned them! I can't pay you right now, but I have the money at home. I have to say, I didn't think you would do it."

"No, neither did I, haha."

"How did it feel?"

"Actually quite nice, surprisingly. Of course, because I really had to pee, but it's also quite warm, and still is," I say, while feeling between my legs with my hand.

"Okay, I think the movie is almost over. Can you check to make sure you can't see anything when I pull my dress back down?"

"Sure, I can do that," Kim says. "No, you can't see anything at all, see?"

"Okay, I still think it's weird," I say. "I understand, but you have to give something to get something, right?!"

"Haha, yeah, okay," I laugh back, but it feels very strange to me, and I also feel like I'm being looked at. Let's just walk away. "Shall we buy some drinks for on the train?"

"Mmmm, okay,"

"Oh, I actually feel like having a beer. What about you? We can toast to your achievement?"

"Yeah, I've earned that," I say. Once back on the train, we enjoy our beer and watch as the day begins to come to an end with beautiful orange-red colors. I'm glad it's quiet on the train again, there's only an old couple in our compartment and a few seats in front of us. And now that it's starting to get dark, it won't be noticed if you can see anything. Later, we're on our bikes again, and I managed to persuade Kim to do the cycling, while I sit behind her with my arms around her waist to hold on a little. "Do you want to come in for your reward?" Kim asks with sparkling eyes. "Um," I mutter, "Oh, there's no one home if you're wondering." Kim says. That's exactly why I mumbled, Kim always sees through me quickly, which is nice. "Sure, then I'll definitely come in.”.

We walk straight up to Kim's room, and she flops down on her bed. I'm still standing there waiting when Kim gestures for me to sit down too. "Oh, I thought maybe..." I say. "Well, that will have to wait a little longer, won't it? Show me, by the way, I'm curious to see what your butt looks like now, haha." Kim commands. I turn around and lie down on my stomach. Kim pulls up my dress and starts laughing; "haha, are you still wearing Hello Kitty underwear?!" I quickly turn around and sit up straight, giving her a push on her shoulder. "Yes, why not! They're very comfortable and still pretty nice...haha, okay, except now."

"Haha, you can say that again. Well, I haven't worn them in years," says Kim, "but hey, is that reward coming or what?" I ask. "So impatient, yes, it's coming," she says as she walks to a drawer and pulls out three ten-euro bills, waving them around in the air. She comes over to me, and just as I'm about to grab them, she quickly pulls them back and puts them in her pants from above. "Oh, now it's really over for you," I say as I grab her hands and we start wrestling and rolling around on the bed.

I am always a bit stronger built than Kim, even if I say so myself, and I can quickly get her on her back with me on top of her, or on her stomach while holding her hands above her head. "NO," Kim screams, laughing. "You know I can't stand tickling."

"Well, you thought of that a little too late. Tough luck now," I say as I quickly grab her armpits and show Kim who's boss. When Kim starts to break free, I quickly grab her wrists again and forcefully bring them back above her head. "Anouk, I need to pee!" Kim begs. "Excuses, excuses, I'm not done with you yet!" I say as I tickle her armpits again and hold on for a bit longer. Kim keeps laughing and repeating, "NO, NO, STOP, I NEED TO PEE." I am quite comfortable sitting on top of her and bring my hand to her neck to tickle her a little bit there as well.

"STOP, STOP, STOP!" Kim screams. I grab her hands again and bring them back above her head. "Anouk, you really have to stop now because I think I've already peed a little," Kim pleads. "Haha, excuses, I'm going to tickle you one more time. You deserve it," I say and tickle her armpits one last time. After a good tickle session, I let her go and ask, "So, how did that feel?"

"Uh, I think I have to do laundry tonight," she says, half-jokingly. Did she mean that? If so, well, good. Now she knows what I went through today. I sit next to her and turn around. Oh, hahaha, her beautiful gray jeans are now darker in a circular pattern at the top, just like my leggings in the theater. "Oops," I hear Kim say softly and cheerfully. We look at each other as Kim sits up in bed, and we both start laughing. "Okay, sorry if I..." But before I can finish my sentence, Kim says, "It's okay, check out how wet my bed has become."

My heart rate speeds up a bit, and I follow her hand that's already pushing down on the bed, causing us to see a bit more urine forming in the dimple. I do the same; it feels pleasantly warm again, and I move my hand along her pants. As I do so, I suddenly feel it getting warmer. No way. I look at her, and she looks back with a big smile. "You're really weird," I say in disbelief. "Haha, I know, I have to wash my bed anyway," Kim laughs. Oddly enough, I still feel her pants and see a puddle of urine forming where she's sitting. I move my hand towards it, feeling myself getting a bit damp again, but this time not from urine. Okay, I'll think about that later, I think as I sit with my hand in the warm water of Kim. Then Kim stops peeing and says, "Damn it, hahaha, the ten euro bills.”.

