A Ghost Story - Pt.1

Author: Gothes

*000*2020-01-31 16:12

The story takes place during the 19th century in a forgotten village somewhere in the alps.

The build up is quite slow (that's why I divided it in 3 parts) It might take a while until the story get's going but please try to stick to it, the upcoming parts will be more exciting.

PS: Same as always, english is not my native language so apologies if there are mistakes.

CHAPTER ONE: EMBARASSMENT

"Mother!", Sofie (22) called from outside her house. The door was locked and she couldn't get in. The girl forgot her keys at a friend's house where she just came from. It was a long way and Sofie didn't want to go back again to take the keys just to do the same walk one more time all over again.

"Mother!", she screamed this time, nobody seemed to be home and even a look inside the dusty window revealed her mother's absence. Sofie's mother Laureen has always been quite a busy woman so it wasn't unusual for the young woman to find a locked door as she got home. Still, Sofie was frustrated, because not only did she forget to take the house keys with her for the first time in her life, she also needed to relieve herself quite urgently as well, something that happened quite often whenever she got home.

She knew it was going to take a while until her mother returned so without thinking twice Sofie moved to the back of the house. She snuck on the backside of their woodshed making sure nobody was around when she then pulled her skirt up, her underware down, took a deep breath and started to relieve herself. Her urine splashed gracefully on the dryish ground creating a puddle that slowly moved underneath the wooden planks and into the old shed. Sofie was enjoying the relief more and more when all of a sudden: "Sofie?!" The girl turned to the right and saw her mother staring at her with surprise. "Mother!" she said shocked and immediately stood up, interrupting her stream while making her skirt fall to the ground, hiding everything. Slightly speechless Laureen said: "What are you doing ... where you just peeing here?!"

"I .. I ... I had to. The door was locked and I ... I felt the need ..."

"But why didn't you go inside?"

"I forgot my keys at Mary's house and I thought you were gone."

"Well ... No, I was here do ... doing some gardening."

"Where you in the shed?", asked Sofie incredibly embarassed. She knew her mother heard the splashes.

"Yes", Laura was still a bit shocked, many years had passed since the last time she saw her daughter urinating right in front of her.

"I'm sorry mother. I really had to go."

"Don't worry, Sofie. It happens ... But please, next time you need to relieve yourself like this don't do it in our garden. Alright?"

Sofie nodded as her face turned red. Overflown with shyness she asked Laureen for the keys. Her mother smiled a little and gave them to Sofie. She said "thank you" and moved away from her quickly while Laureen, behind her daughter's back, took a closer look at the big puddle she just made.

"I'm going back to Mary to take the keys", said Sofie hours later.

"Now?", asked her mother "It's getting dark soon."

"Mother, it's summer, it's gonna be dark after 10pm ... and now it's almost seven o'clock", she said.

"But Mary doesn't just live here around the corner."

"I know, I know, but I'm gonna do it anyway."

"Fine, but take care."

"I will", Sofie got a bit annoyed. She said goodbye to her mother and got out of the house.

Sofie's friend Mary and her family lived on an isolated farm, high up on the hills and among the trees above the village. The walk was exhausting since the path was quite long and steep. Sofie didn't care, she still had to process what happened earlier that day and couldn't believe her mother caught her grown up daughter peeing behind the shed. She started to wonder how long Laureen had been staring at her before even saying anything, after all, Sofie didn't even see her mother before she called her name.

Sofie was embarassed and criged everytime her mother's suprised expression crossed her mind. She tried to distract herself as much as she could, by just enjoying the nature all around her. The beautiful trees, the last sunrays of the day that turned the big mountain walls red, the silence and the overall evening atmosphere. For a moment Sofie felt relaxed and in peace when all of a sudden something strange caught her eye. On a rolling hill right above her she spotted a silhouette, dark, still and observing. At first the young woman thought it was a deer but after a closer look the silhouette turned out to be human.

Sofie started to feel uneasy, and the silence all around her didn't help.

"Mary?", Sofie called with a trembling voice.

The person kept standing still. Even though she couldn't recognize a face Sofie knew the silhouette was staring at her. She was feeling more and more uncomfortable and wanted to keep going but her curiosity decided to stay and observe. It was a strange moment.

Shortly after, without any premonition the figure started to move. It was moving along the hill's profile and Sofie couldn't keep an eye off it. A strange feeling of relaxation and warmth overcame the girl as her eyes, almost hypnotized, moved along with the silhouette. The warm sensation increased as Sofie realized that underneath her skirt lots and lots of urine was slowly pouring down her legs and into her shoes. Scared she tried to stop the flow by pressing her hands against her crotch as thight as she could but the urine kept pouring out of her uncontrolably. Sofie panicked, it felt like she just lost the power over her body.

End of part one.

