White Sheets

Author: Guest cherry65

*000*2021-01-19 14:06

(Disclaimer: Some of this really happened... about no one person in-particular lol. However thank you T, J,J,C,L and P for being apart of and inspiring the majority of the situations about to be recounted. I loved our "play" times very much. Thank you all for the positive feedback on my content! Enjoy.)

For as long as I could remember I had a secret. A certain desire, you could say... A feeling most pleasurable, and kept private. As I'm sure most of you can guess I was so turned on by the idea of wetting. I was curious to do so myself but always attracted to the idea of caring for someone else doing so. I later on derived that is because my abusive mother toilet trained me far too early into infancy. She also never breastfed me which led to an additional denial of intimacy. I was her support system always caring for her doing everything, so there began my need to mother or "mommy" every needy immature beautiful man I could find.

I was always so afraid to have an accident that it only ever happened once, I've never even wet the bed so I fall into the care taker role primary. I've had my own fun but we'll get to that later... Have you ever had a secret you thought you'd keep forever? I did. I thought I would never voice or initiate any type of omo experience but things sure can change a girl. Are you ready?

It was at a school dance the first time he came up to me, the dance was almost over and I had been on the floor for every song. My dress was red and tight showcasing the sweat glistening atop my perky breasts then flowing into a sparkly tule bottom. My feet bare and my red bottom heels thrown into a pile with the rest of the girl's shoes. The song finishes into a slower one and a boy walks up to me, I turn to him my blonde wavy hair shines below the school auditoriums lights. "Hi" he says, and I smile "Would you like to dance?" I say softly. Immediately he freezes and I see his hand slip between his legs and he darts out of the room. I blush, I don't think anyone else saw that on the dimly lit dance floor so I find my shoes and head down the hallway. I see no one and leave through the closest exit.

I feel the hot summer night's air and at first glance see no one. Disappointed I turn to go back inside and I see him sitting up against the brick wall knees bent, puddle on the pavement, his face hidden, wrapped by his arms. I approach quietly and crouch down to his level, I put my hand on his shoulder and whisper to him "It's okay you had an accident, are you alright?". He looks up to me and begins quickly wiping tears away from his blue eyes. "I'm sorry-" He musters "You must think I'm a total loser." with two fingers I turn his chin to me and I kiss him gently. We kiss for a moment and then pull away, and he's no longer crying. "You know I think you're adorable." I say blushing, but he smiles. "I'm Jake.." "Nice to meet you, I'm Jess.".

"Do you want a ride home Jake?" I ask. He looks down at the puddle, which I believe is now a little larger "Do you mind?" He asks making notion to the fact that he's soaked and will be in my vehicle. "Not at all." I emphasize slightly to make him feel more comfortable. I stand and offer him a hand, he takes it and stands. His pants soaked from front to back, visibly having been peed in. We make our way to the parking lot discreetly and find out vehicle. I can tell he's relieved by the fact the seats in my car are leather- not fabric. He tells me where he lives and we pull away from the school and begin driving.

"Thanks for taking me home." he says. "You're welcome, but you owe me a dance." I say winking at him. He laughs "Why are you being so nice to me..?" I shrug "I guess I was just traumatically conditioned into being attracted to incontinence." he laughs again "Wow, ok." I can tell that he is smiling when he says this. We don't say anything else into he pull up in front of his house. It's dark and the lights are off except for the TV which beams and flickers agains the wall through the front window. "Can I get your number?" He asks. Infatuated by his ocean eyes I grab a pink marker from the console and write it on his arm.

When I finish he kisses me this time, stronger and sweeter. Swiftly I glide my hand between his legs while we kiss and grab his soaked package which- is warmer than it should be at this point. Meaning he's been dribbling in the car, which the shear thought makes my pussy also warm and wet. I feel him stiffen underneath his pants and he pulls away. "I'd better get changed" He says sheepishly with an awkward smile. "Goodnight Jake." I smile back and he leaves the car running up to the house. He doesn't use the front door instead goes around the back, and I drive away.

