The OasisMasterOffices Door

Author: Goober57

*000*2024-01-08 08:54

A/N: I know the concept of this story isn’t realistic at all, but I just liked the idea of it. That being said, I hope you like this! I’ve been working on it for a while now, and I think it turned out nicely. Let me know if there’s any spelling or grammar mistakes I can fix. After this, I'm gonna work on a story about Reese from Everhood because there’s literally no omo content about them.

Alex had always been rightfully stubborn about not using the gendered toilets when out in public. It made them feel uncomfortable to use a bathroom that wasn’t for someone like them. This was a stubbornness that didn’t exactly pair well with their small bladder, and they’ve had to stop on the side of the road to "water the bushes" more times than they’d like to admit, something that’s especially common after they’ve sat in a restaurant for hours with their friends.

Another thing Alex is particularly stubborn about is always ordering the largest drink size when they go out, even when their friends warn them that they’re "Gonna have to piss like a racehorse," and that they’ll need to "Pull over so they can pee on the side of the road again." Of course, they never listened. And of course, they’re regretting it once again.

They had sat down in the food court with their friends a few hours ago to catch up with them, and after letting the time get away from them, they downed an entire Big Gulp. They said goodbye to their friends, and they left while Alex went to do some shopping.

They were about halfway through browsing Spencer’s when they first felt their poor choice in drinks hit them like a wrecking ball, a feeling they were all too familiar with. They stopped for a second and discreetly crossed their legs with pretending to pay attention to the row of lava lamps on the shelf. They didn’t think it would get this bad this fast, and if the fun fact they read on Instagram last week was true, and a Big Gulp is twice the amount of liquid that a regular sized bladder can hold, they didn’t have much longer to find a suitable place to let loose.

They quickly speed-walked to the back of the shop, hoping for the miracle of an open and gender neutral bathroom. They got the back half of their wish, but after seeing the out of order sign on the door, they started walking back to the front door, but right as they were about to step out,

"Hey," the cashier called, just barely sounding like she cared, "You gonna pay for that?"

Alex stopped in their tracks, and as they looked down, they realized they had completely forgotten the novelty pillow they had picked up earlier. They considered just putting it back and finding a place to pee as fast as possible, but they figured they could wait an extra minute to pay for it.

"Oh, right, sorry." They didn’t want to draw any attention to their predicament, so they walked up to the counter as normally as their bladder allowed them to. They handed the tchotchke to the cashier, and she rung it up. After a bit of fumbling to get their wallet out of the pocket of their shorts, they paid for the item. Thankfully, the desk separating Alex and the cashier acted as a good enough way for them to cross their legs without being noticed. They thought about grabbing their crotch for a bit of extra security, but they wanted to retain a shred of modesty in the eyes of the other customers.

The receipt printing felt like it took way longer than usual, and with a "Kaythanksbye!", Alex grabbed the bag and rushed out the door. "Okay," Alex thought to themself, "I just gotta get to a bathroom, and then I can pee. Simple."

As they came up on the gender neutral bathrooms, they noticed a young woman walking out of the door. Usually for Alex, this would be a sign that the bathroom isn’t occupied and they can dash right in and take a much-needed whiz. But something was off. The woman seemed to be in a hurry, and she had her hands clamped on her crotch. It wasn’t until Alex entered the bathroom that they realized why she looked so desperate.

They dropped their bag outside the door, rushed in and tried to open the stall door, but it wouldn’t budge. The lock clearly said "vacant," so why wasn’t it opening? It was then that a screen on the door sprang to life, playing a loud startup sound that surprised Alex and made them spring a small leak in their panties. They immediately put their hand to their crotch and squeezed as hard as they could to prevent any further damage. "Welcome, valued customer, and thank you for choosing the OasisMasterOffices restroom door!" Said a voice from the screen, "Our products add a fun twist to your basic routine!"

"What? I just want to use the bathroom!" Alex was now shifting from foot to foot, their hand still locked on their slightly damp shorts. They couldn’t care less about modesty anymore, they cared more about leaving this room as dry as possible.

"Now, now, we’ll get to that," The screen on the door said, it seemed to be some kind of AI assistant, "Our studies have shown that stress from a temporary source, like needing to use the restroom, can improve problem solving abilities!" An animated video starting playing on the screen, showing two women sitting at desks working on a problem sheet of some kind, the woman on the left looked relaxed, while the woman on the right had her legs crossed and was sweating. A graphic appeared above both of them, showing their scores. The woman on the left had a 76/100, and the woman on the right had a 92/100. "These studies have had consistent results in our small groups of test subjects, but we’re ready to expand our testing. Which is why we need you, valued customer, to aid in our studies!"

Alex was having none of this. "Listen, I’m going to piss myself if I don’t get into that stall right now. Please, unlock the door!" "That’s exactly the kind of stress we’re looking for! You can use the virtual keyboard on the door to answer the quiz. The door will unlock as soon as you answer every question correctly. Good luck!" "What? No, I-" The assistant’s voice went away, and it was replaced by loud waterfall noises. Alex groaned loudly, crossing their legs even tighter and using both of their hands to hold back the flood. The screen pulled up a quiz consisting of five questions. All Alex could do now is answer as fast as possible.

"Question one: What do you plan on doing once you’ve completed this quiz?" Alex would’ve loved to make a sarcastic comment on how easy of a question this was, but they were already leaking, so they instead started typing in their answer as fast as they could. They typed in "peeing" and hit enter. After an agonizing few seconds of loading, the door accepted the answer. Alex sighed. One down, four to go.

"Question two: On a scale of one to ten, how much stress is being caused by your urgency to use the toilet?" Alex immediately clicked the "ten" button and hit enter again. It took even longer for the next question to load than it did before, and in that time Alex considered just going over to the sink and peeing in there. They’d peed in their fair share of sinks, and it had always been an extremely uncomfortable experience. Plus, what if someone walked in while they were peeing in the sink? It was too much of a risk, but the idea caused them to accidentally let another short spurt out into their panties. They decided to stick their hand into their shorts to get a better grip on their urethra. Their hand got a bit wet, but it was a worthy sacrifice. They turned their knees inward and focused on the next question.

"Question three: What is the square root of 169?" This is what Alex was afraid of. They had never paid attention in math class, and the state of their bladder was making it nearly impossible to think straight, despite what the assistant on the door said. They tried to think about it, but they couldn’t wait any longer. A small stream of urine had started running down their leg, getting their sock wet in the process. They squeezed even harder on their groin, and started entering numbers in order as fast as they could, starting from one, and getting it wrong every time until they hit thirteen. They breathed a sigh of relief as the screen flashed green, hoping for it to load the next question as fast as possible. They were now doing a full-on potty dance, but it wasn’t enough to stop a small puddle of yellow liquid from forming on the tile floor. They were now determined to beat this stupid door and release the little urine they were still holding onto in the toilet.

Finally, the next question appeared. "Question four: What is the fastest flowing river in the world?" Although rivers were the last thing Alex wanted to think about, they gritted their teeth and typed in "the Amazon," once again thanking their love for fun fact accounts on Instagram. They guessed their bladder was around half empty from leaking at this point, but they were still extremely desperate. Their shorts and panties were now completely soaked in piss, adding an extra layer of discomfort to the whole situation.

The last question appeared on the screen, but not before they fell to their knees in desperation, just barely hanging on to their bladder. The aforementioned puddle was now being soaked up into their socks. They briefly thought about the shower they would take once they got home, but the image of rushing water made them immediately push that thought away.

"Question five: how long has it been since you last used the toilet?" Alex, who was still on their knees with a steady river flowing from their shorts, could barely think straight, but they entered their answer: eight hours. The assistant appeared on the door again, congratulating Alex on earning their relief and finally unlocking the door. Alex wasted no time standing up and rushing into the stall, not even bothering to close the door. Even though they had already released about three quarters of the pee in their bladder while doing the quiz, the relief they felt was unparalleled.

They sighed loudly, and their stream rushed against the water in the toilet furiously. They tilted their head back, savoring the release they do badly needed. The lead-up may have been messier than they had hoped for, but the payoff was well worth it. They took a few more minutes fully empty their bladder and, after finishing up the best piss of their life, they took off their shorts and underwear and wrung them into the toilet bowl, getting them as dry as possible. They flushed, put their clothes back on, and washed their hands, still sighing in relief.

They left the bathroom, grabbed their bag and headed home as fast as possible to get a nice, relaxing shower. “In all honesty,” they thought to themself, “I might see if I can get one of those installed in my apartment. It might be kinda fun.”

