Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Videl Needs to Pee & Her Sudden Urges

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-26 15:01

In Dragon Ball Z during the events of the World Martial Arts Tournament & the Coming of Majin Buu. Videl was flying with Gohan and the others to head towards for Babidi's Location. Gohan tells Videl that it might be best to go back to the Tournament because it would be too dangerous so Videl listens to Gohan and heads back to the Tournament. While heading back she ran into Trunks & Goten just for a moment...

Videl: I know you can do it Gohan, beat those guys to a pulp.

Videl: Huh? *stops flying for a moment* Ah man I need to pee!

Videl: Well I'm not back in Civilization yet so it might be best to do it out here but not in the open.

(Videl looks around her surroundings)

Videl: Oh that looks like a good spot!

Videl: (Gotta Go! Gotta Go! Gotta Go! Gotta Go!)

Videl: No time to pull down my white pants... wait WHITE pants... I can't wait myself in those everyone will think Mr. Satan's Daughter is a Wetter.

Videl: Luckily I wear Black Panties so what I am going to do is take off my White Pants and then wet myself in my Black Underwear.

Videl: Okay this time I'm going to be standing up *spreads her legs just a tiny bit* in 3, 2, 1.... Aaahhh *starts peeing through Black Panties* much better.

Videl: I can't believe I almost wet my White Pants it would look wet & a little yellow. *Continues Peeing* Ah this feels so good for some reason it makes me want to--- no it's not improper for a girl like me.

Videl: *Still peeing* Wow did I have to go this bad than before? I hope Gohan will be alright fighting off the bad guys. Oh Gohan I wish I can get to know you better. *stops peeing*

Videl: Eh! *rubs herself inside of her panties* it may be improper but I can't help myself for some reason. *Starts rubbing around her breast while touching inside of her panties*

Videl: *Lays down on grass & continues* Oh yeah, it feels good. This feels really good. I'm going to--I'm gonna-oh yes I like this feeling!

Videl: *Continues Pleasuring herself* Oh my why I am feeling this way it's so good, so good *wet sounds coming from Videl's groin area*

Videl: *Closely reaches to the Climax* *Yell's in Joy* Ah! This is great! I'm going to-I'm gonna-gonna-my gosh! *Yell's in Relief of Satisfaction*

Videl: Wow what got over me? Is it how I peed or is it because I was thinking about Gohan?

Videl: Oh well time to take off (I think it I should change my underwear back at my place... also to clean up a little)

Videl leaves the landscape and heads straight back to the Tournament to change herself yet again. This time she had a sudden urge but has no idea why. Will Gohan & the others reach Babidi's Location to stop the Coming of Buu? Will Goten & Trunks meet up with them? Will Videl need to talk to someone about Urges? Find out next time on Dragon Ball Z.

$$

*001*2017-09-26 21:14

Yes, great story. Love videl!

*002*2017-09-27 01:32

{{4 hours ago, Skyde said:

Yes, great story. Love videl!

}}

I'm glad you loved it. It's a good thing I didn't just make it a plain Peeing Situation.

