Long Huntlow Roadtrip (The Owl House)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2024-07-17 03:14

Ao3 Summary: Luz and Amity decide to have their wedding on the beautiful Fishers Island. It's normally a 3 hour roadtrip from Gravesfield under ideal conditions. Willow and Hunter decide to go on a roadtrip together to attend the wedding. Things don't go according to plan.

Disclaimer: I usually write female omorashi fics. This fic will mainly focus on male (Hunter) and a bit of female (Willow) omorashi.

A/N: In this modern AU, Hunter and Willow are not dating. The reason why they're not is explained in the story. I usually write canon compliant stories, but this fic is full of divergent headcanons cause it's based off of real life events, so I needed to impose some divergent headcanons to make it work lol. Hopefully it's not too divergent and you're still able to follow along. I've seen other fanfic authors use similar headcanons, so if you're an avid reader of TOH fanfics, some of these headcanons might be familiar.

Chapter 1: Traffic Ahead "Willow should be here any minute now," Hunter thought. "She said she'd pick me up at around 14:30. It is now 14:32."

Hunter continued to pace his room. "What if something happened to her? No, stop worrying, she's probably just delayed by traffic."

The house was quiet because Luz, Vee and Camila already left for Fishers Island earlier in the day to help setup for the wedding. The island was beautiful which is why Luz and Amity chose it as their wedding venue. They all knew that going from Gravesfield to Fishers Island would mean driving across Connecticut for a substantial amount of time. Which is why they all left early.

Too early for Hunter's liking. Hunter was happy for Luz and Amity, he was excited to celebrate their wedding, but he wasn't an early bird, he wasn't going to wake up at 6:00 for them, and neither was Willow. Which is why they agreed to head over together later. The wedding doesn't start till tomorrow anyways.

Hunter checked his phone again, despite the fact that he knew she wouldn't text him while driving. Willow was a safe driver, most of the time... "Still nothing," Hunter thought with a bit of anxiety.

He took a sip of water to calm his nerves as he looked out the window again. Just as he was about to look away, he saw Willow's car. "She's here!" Hunter thought as he bolted to the front door.

He opened the door and excitedly waved to Willow. She was looking as beautiful as ever.

Willow spedwalked up to the front door and before Hunter could say "Hey Captain!", Willow started speaking urgently with, "Hey Hunter, can I use your bathroom real quick?" Willow rubbed her legs together towards the end of her question.

"For sure Captain!" Hunter replied as he pointed her towards the direction of the ground floor bathroom.

Willow quickly walked to the bathroom and closed the door. It was about 10 m away from the front door, which Hunter thought would've been out of earshot for him. But just seconds after he heard the door close, he heard her stream hitting the toilet bowl. "Wow, Willow really had to pee, huh?" Hunter thought. He felt his member stiffen a little and decided it was a good idea to also empty his bladder before their long road trip.

"She must've had a lot of tea before she left. Unless she just didn't use the bathroom before she left." Hunter thought as he was using his ensuite to empty his own bladder. "She only lives an hour away, and she's usually able to hold it for longer without problem. After all, we watched the entire Barbie movie together and she didn't go until after we got back to my place."

"Maybe she also drank a lot of water on the way here? After all, it's a hot day and her car's AC is probably still broken..."

After Hunter finished his business, he washed his hands and drank another few gulps of water after being reminded that he would be in an oven for the next 2 hours.

When Hunter walked back up to the ground floor, Willow was still in the bathroom, but he couldn't hear her stream anymore. Their bladders would both be pretty much empty soon. He wondered how quickly their bladders would fill up during their roadtrip. If they filled at the same rate, then he'd know roughly how badly Willow needed to pee based on his own bladder. That was unlikely though, Hunter knows that he usually drinks water at a faster rate than Willow does. Then again, being taller, his bladder would be naturally larger than hers. He stopped his train of thought as he saw Willow walk out of the bathroom.

"Ready to leave?" Willow asked.

"Yeah, I just need some help getting my stuff to your car," Hunter replied.

Willow proceeded to carry most of Hunter's things to her car. Hunter stood there blushing for a few seconds admiring her muscular arms before taking his backpack and going into Willow's car himself.

###

"It's roadtrippin' time!" Hunter excitedly exclaimed.

Willow giggled. "Here's my phone, you can control the music as I drive." Willow stated. Hunter was happy to add his favourite classical and film soundtracks to the Spotify Now Playing queue. There weren't many friends in their generation that liked that genre of music. But he was glad that Willow liked the same types of music that he did too.

Willow pulled out of the driveway and the roadtrip officially began.

"I'm glad they're finally getting married. It's about time." Hunter stated.

"Yeah, both of them keep coming to me about wedding advice, what they should wear, and how to best impress the other on the day. Like I know anything about that." Willow said with some sarcasm at the end.

Hunter chuckled at her comment. He wished he was in a relationship as wholesome as what Luz and Amity have. He still remembers that day a year and a half ago when he confessed his feelings for Willow, only for her to tell him that she was aromantic. She's never felt any romantic attraction towards anyone before. But luckily, that didn't end their close friendship. Hunter felt lucky to have such a great friend like Willow and that their friendship didn't end on awkward terms that day. Still, he wished he didn't feel these feelings towards her anymore. He tried using dating apps to find other girls to get his mind off of her, but uni and exams kept him too busy to establish and pursue long term relationships. Plus, they just shared so many common interests and got along so well that it was difficult for him to imagine finding happiness in getting together with another girl. But, he'll get over her eventually... right?

As Hunter got lost in his thoughts, they approached the highway. "Alright, gotta close the windows now. Sorry that my AC is still broken. There's some ice water in the cooler in the backseat to help you stay cool."

Hunter nodded and closed his window. It was nice to feel the breeze in his hair, but now he'll have to suffer in this oven for the next 2 hours.

Shortly after, he took two bottles from the cooler in the back and drank from one. He kept it close to his body to help himself cool down.

"Do you also want a sip of water?" Hunter asked.

Willow nodded. "Can you unscrew the lid and help pour some down my mouth? I gotta keep both hands on the wheel after all." Willow replied.

Hunter uncapped the bottle and slowly poured some water into Willow's mouth. When she nodded that she had enough, Hunter screwed the lid back on and placed it in the cupholder.

Hunter's thoughts went back to earlier when Willow was urgently asking to use his washroom. He fantasized telling her no, making her wait, and seeing her potty dance. He would've never done that in real life, he cared way too much about Willow to put her through that torture intentionally. But being someone who was turned on by omorashi, the fantasy kept him entertained in this otherwise monotonous car ride.

Willow had to tap the brakes as they approached a stretch of highway with a bit of congestion. It wasn't a lot, but the additional g-forces that Hunter felt during this maneuver pressed on his bladder just enough that he felt a small urge to pee.

"Oh wow, already?" Hunter thought. "This roadtrip just started, we literally just passed North Canaan and I already feel a slight urge to pee. We're still quite far from the New London Ferry. I wonder if Willow feels the same?"

Hunter knew that Willow was super accommodating and would immediately seek and then pull into a rest stop if Hunter ever told her that he needed to pee. But Hunter didn't intend to ever ask her to stop. Cause secretly, he got a thrill at the idea that his own bladder was at Willow's mercy, even if she didn't know about it. He won't allow himself to pee unless Willow needs to pee too. And he typically drinks more water than Willow, so he knows he'll be testing his bladder's limits.

The heat was making Hunter parched again, so he took another sip of water.

"Could you give me a sip everytime you take a sip?" Willow asked.

Hunter nodded and proceeded to give Willow another sip of water.

"Now I have a way of controlling Willow's fluid intake... By syncing it up with mine... This is stupid," Hunter thought. "I really shouldn't be thinking about controlling my friend like this."

So he decided not to abuse this power, he'd only take a drink if he was legitimately thirsty. Though he had a feeling that over a long enough period of time, both their bladders would be carrying roughly the same amount of pee in terms of proportion vs capacity.

At around 15:00, the tiny bit of congestion they encountered turned into a traffic jam. Hunter could see the hairs of the driver in front of them and cars in every direction he looked out.

"Aw man, there must be an accident ahead. This section of highway is usually really clear." Willow stated.

They were moving at a snail's place. Hunter has noticed that Willow tends to be a bit aggressive in stop and go traffic. She likes to step on the gas harder than she needs to, and then slam the brakes just to advance a yard (A/N: As a Canadian writing about a roadtrip that takes place in Connecticut, I vomited while begrudgingly writing down an appropriate length in imperial units). That maneuver contributes a lot more g-forces than Hunter thought would be appropriate to cover such a small distance. "I thought Willow was a safe driver, but I guess she gets a bit antsy and wants some entertainment when she's frustratingly stuck in stop and go traffic," Hunter thought.

During one of these "distance bursts", Willow stepped on the gas a little too hard, and so had to slam on the brakes even harder to prevent herself from crashing into the car just inches in front of her. This jostled Hunter's bladder and made him realize just how quickly it was filling up.

"C-," Hunter tried to say. He took a sip of water and offered Willow the same. She happily took the sip. Clearly, she was just as thirsty as he was. "Can I open a window? It's so hot in here and we're not even moving that quickly." Hunter said.

Willow nodded and proceeded to open all of the car's windows. Hunter felt immediate bliss as the cool breeze hit his skin. It was enough to make him shiver a bit and he felt it in his bladder, but he also enjoyed that feeling. He looked over at Willow to see if he could spot any sign of desperation. But she looked super focused, her eyes locked onto the road waiting for the next yard long gap between her car and the one in front. "She must take joy in doing that distance burst maneuver," Hunter thought.

Hunter brought his legs together as his bladder continued to fill. It was now more comfortable to not manspread. He kept his head still, facing forward, but quickly moved his eyes to glance over at Willow's legs. He could've sworn he saw her shaking them. Or it could've just been his eyes moving too quickly. It was hard to tell, but Hunter didn't want to be caught staring at Willow's legs.

At 16:00, the traffic finally began to clear. Willow was no longer doing her distance burst maneuvers cause it was no longer safe to do so. Hunter would argue it was never safe to do so, but he's not in the driver's seat so who was he to say anything about it. They still weren't in the clear though. Now, they were moving at a speed you'd expect to move at in a residential area. Far off from highway speed, but still better than the snail's pace they were in a few minutes ago. Hunter began to subtly rub his legs together. All that water he drank was catching up to him.

They were now driving fast enough that it was best to close the windows again. The heat returning made Hunter drink several more sips. He offered water to Willow and she only drank a small sip this time. "Hmm, seems like she's starting to reduce her fluid intake." Hunter thought.

A few minutes later, Hunter took a few more sips of water. "It's ok, I'm good for now." Willow said, before Hunter offered her some more water. Hunter shrugged and put the water away.

Now Hunter was questioning whether he should continue to stay hydrated, or bare the dry mouth so that he could slow down the rate at which his bladder was filling. And it was filling fast. At this point, Hunter was paying attention to all the road signs, looking to see if any of them indicated an upcoming service plaza. He didn't like using gas station bathrooms, and judging by the fact that Willow just passed a sign that said "gas station", he's willing to bet Willow hates them too. He doesn't have any conclusive evidence that Willow needs to pee now. But he feels like after seeing her legs possibly figet around and her refusal to drink more water despite how hot it was, he could infer that she had to go, at least a little. It's been a while since they left home and they both stayed fairly hydrated the entire time.

"She did have to go pretty badly in the hour it took her to get to my place, so maybe she had some caffeine this morning," Hunter thought. "She's gonna pull over to a service plaza any second now and I'll have a chance to pee."

It was 16:30 and they still hadn't seen any service plaza signs yet. Hunter was starting to worry. "What if she doesn't even need to pee. What if she just skips over the next service plaza sign. Would I be able to hold it until the next one after that?" Every second that passed, it got more and more tempting to ask to pull over to the next gas station, like the one she had just passed. But Hunter was also a bit turned on that Willow was unintentionally denying him from peeing.

At 16:45, Hunter spotted a "Service Plaza 10 mi" sign. He was secretly hoping that Willow would skip over it. He was good at holding his pee. He could probably hold it until the next one after that, right?

"I'm gonna stop at the next rest stop for some gas, do you need anything?" Willow asked Hunter.

"A bathroom would be nice. I kinda have to pee." Hunter replied.

"Same, been holding it for a while now." Willow responded.

"So she does need to pee!" Hunter thought. He glanced over at her to see if he could catch any signs of desperation. But Willow was good at staying composed. He couldn't find any signs that she needed to pee except for the fact that she just told him.

Hunter squeezed his legs together in anticipation of the approaching rest stop. He's gonna be able to empty his bladder soon.

Hunter was hoping that Willow would get some gas first, but to his surprise, she parked right outside the main plaza building instead of by the gas pumps.

The two walked out of the car and went into the service plaza. They were both disappointed to find out that there was a line for both the men's and the women's bathrooms. The women's was a lot longer and almost stretched all the way outside the building.

Hunter squeezed his legs at the sight. Though the men's line wasn't that long, he knew he'd be able to pee soon, he felt a bit sorry for Willow cause he knew she'd be waiting a while.

"All these people must've been stuck in the same traffic jam that we were," Hunter stated.

Willow nodded, but otherwise stayed quiet.

"Do you want me to keep you company while you wait?" Hunter asked, not aware that he was slightly doubled over and squeezing his legs together.

Willow noticed Hunter's desperation and replied. "No it's ok, no point in having both of us suffer. Go do your business and I'll meet you outside."

Hunter nodded and proceeded to join the men's line. As he predicted, it was moving pretty quickly. That didn't stop him from doing the occasional leg crosses and bending over a bit. He was nearing his limit after all.

He finally entered the bathroom, but waited for a stall to open instead of using the urinals. He wanted to enjoy the sensation of his full bladder just a tiny bit longer. The sound of all the pee streams wasn't helping. He doubled over and grabbed his crotch as a wave of desperation caught him off guard. A stall opened up and Hunter walked inside and locked the door.

He pulled down his pants and boxers and just stood there with his penis pointed towards the toilet bowl. He stood up straight with his legs spread apart. This was the position that made it the most difficult to hold his pee. He fought his body's natural tendency to squeeze his legs together and to double over, or to simply relax his spincter.

He liked the sensation of his pee being forced to leave his body despite his own willpower keeping his sphincter closed rather than choose the boring route and voluntarily opening his spincter. He felt tremendous pressure from his bladder pushing on his poor weakened spincter. It would give in any second now.

He started rubbing his lower abdomen and felt a wave of desperation at the same time he touched his rock hard bladder bulge. He gently moved his hand around the contours of his bladder, causing even more tension for his poor, overworked spincter.

Then came the pulses. His urethra started twitching as a bit of pee started to bypass his barely closed spincter. He started leaking a bit into the toilet. He imagined that Willow had to pee just as badly as he did right now, except she didn't have the luxury of standing right next to a toilet. He imagined her doing a potty dance in line fighting every sensation to pee that he was currently forcing his body to endure right now. He knew that Willow would never let her own desperation get to this point, but he just couldn't help but fantasize about that scenario at the moment.

When his leaks turned into steady, uncontrollable spurts, Hunter decided he had enough. He didn't want his crotch to be too stained with dried urine, they still had a ways to go with their roadtrip after all. He released his stream and he felt blissful relief.

He let his muscles relax as his urine continued to shoot out of him. He never got tired of this feeling. All good things come to an end though, and his stream eventually slowed down, then stopped. He shook three times, then used some toilet paper to clean up the areas around his crotch and legs where his uncontrolled spurts hit earlier. He washed his hands, then walked out of the bathroom.

The women's line was still quite long by the time Hunter walked out. Hunter was only able to sneak a quick glance at Willow before she noticed him and composed herself. But the cute image of what he saw would replay in his mind for the next little while. He saw Willow doubled over with her legs crossed. Her hand was jammed to her crotch. And when she noticed Hunter, her face turned red as she composed herself, standing straight as if she wasn't holding back a massive flood right now.

Willow looked slightly away from Hunter, as if embarrassed that he had to see her like this. "Imma grab a sandwich," Hunter said as he passed her. Willow nodded, her face had a slight grimace of discomfort. She continued to hold her pee in silence.

Hunter went to the convenience store within the service plaza to grab himself a sandwich while he waited for Willow. As he waited for his sandwich, he glanced over at Willow and saw her shifting her weight back and forth. He did feel sorry for her. She clearly has to pee quite badly if she's already resorted to holding herself and doing a mild potty dance. Even if she's able to put up a front to save face when Hunter's around, he knew that Willow was probably nearing her limit. He hoped that his friend could make it to a toilet in time.

As Hunter was munching on his sandwich, Willow was finally inside the women's room and out of sight. That was good, it meant Willow was close to the toilet now. Hunter checked the time. It was a bit before 17:00.

After he finished his sandwich, Willow finally came out. "That was a close call, I almost didn't make it," she admitted to him. Hunter blushed slightly at Willow's comment. It replayed her cute potty dance in his mind.

Hunter slapped himself mentally and brought himself back to the real world. "Well, I'm glad you made it. Let's grab some gas and hit the road now." Hunter replied.

###

End of chapter 1

###

A/N: Thank you mourn365 for beta reading this fic!

The relationship between Hunter and Willow I wrote here is partially based off of my own experience with my friend, and inspired by this short (non-omo) fanfic I read a year and a half ago: "Unrequited (But Not Unloved)" by newwwwusername [https://archiveofourown.org/works/39404319]

I know it's not canonical, but that's the context I want my readers to be aware of going forward for this and my (possible) future Huntlow fics.

*002*2025-07-26 02:47

Chapter 2: Life Ain't Ferry

Willow grabbed her water bottle and took several big gulps of water before starting the car. It appeared that the traffic had totally cleared up now. Willow was now able to drive at the speed limit with no congestion in sight. If this kept up, then they were due to arrive in New London at 18:00. A nice margin considering a ferry to Fishers Island was departing at 18:15.

The intense heat came back after driving on the highway for a while. Hunter drank several gulps of water to help himself cool down. He also continued to help Willow hold and tilt her bottle into her mouth after each time he drank water. It seemed that their previous agreement to help keep her hydrated was in effect again. Any little bit of cooling helps when the car was as hot as Willow's currently was. Hunter would've removed his clothes if it weren't for the fact that Willow was sitting right next to him.

It was just a bit after 17:45 when Hunter felt the need to pee again. They were just 15 minutes away from New London and the roads were still clear. Hunter drank a sip of water so that he could feel his bladder complaining. It had been a while since his last sip of water anyways, so the rehydration of his throat was a welcomed sensation. He gave Willow the same treatment and she took multiple sips. The intense focus required for driving must've made her parched in this heat.

As they arrived at the Fishers Island Ferry queue, they were surprised to see most of the queue lot already occupied. The ferry staff directed Willow to park at the end of the queue to wait for the ferry. It was now 18:03, they had 12 minutes to spare before the ferry left.

Hunter smiled at Willow and said, "I don't go on ferries very often. I'm excited to see the sunset over New London while we're out in the water."

"Yeah, I don't go on ferries very often either. The views of cities over water always looks so nice. And it'll be a relief to feel the ocean breeze after being couped up in this oven all day," Willow replied.

Hunter brought his legs together after hearing about water so many times in the past minute. It was now 18:10, five minutes before the ferry departs. "Imma try holding it till we get to our B&B," Hunter thought. "The ferry ride is 45 minutes, then it's about a 10 min drive to the B&B. I can totally hold it for another 55 min!"

It was now 18:14 and the ferry crew began allowing cars to enter the ferry. As they politely waited their turn, Willow and Hunter witnessed several cars, most of them pickup trucks or SUVs attempting to cut off the cars that were in front of them in the queue. "That's rude!" Willow said out loud to no one in particular. "We're all getting on the same ferry, just wait your turn!"

Hunter nodded. "Yeah, I don't understand why those people are in a rush, we're all going to arrive at the same island at roughly the same time."

But as the ferry got more and more full with cars, Hunter and Willow realized something: There wasn't gonna be enough room for all the cars currently in the queue lot. They were near the back of the queue, so there's a strong possibility that they might miss this ferry.

As Willow was allowed to drive closer and closer to the ferry, their hopes of catching the 18:15 ferry started dwindling.

"Shit," Willow swore, "maybe we should've reserved tickets."

Hunter nodded along with less hope in his eyes as he saw only about 5 spots left on the ferry while there were 20 cars ahead of them in the queue. "Shoot, when's the next ferry after this one?" Hunter asked.

"20:30," Willow stated. "Gosh, I really should've reserved tickets. I was afraid traffic would make us late to the ferry, which it did, we missed the 17:15 due to the traffic we encountered earlier. But I should've asked you to reserve 18:15 tickets while we were on the road after that. This is all my fault."

"Hey, don't talk about yourself like that." Hunter stated. "We didn't know what the situation would be, and I could've done more to help plan our itinerary too. It's not your fault. And hey, now we're practically next in line for the 20:30 ferry, so we'll definitely catch that, right?"

Willow smiled a bit at Hunter's reassurance. "I'll go book the 20:30 tickets right now so we don't lose our spot." Willow replied.

"That's the spirit!" Hunter responded.

As Hunter waited for Willow to book the tickets, he was reminded of his predicament, he still needed to pee. It wasn't that bad yet, but they had to wait 2 hours and 15 minutes for the next ferry, and then he'd have to wait out the 45 min ferry ride, then the 10 min drive to the B&B. Hunter was starting to question whether he'd be able to hold it for that long. Sure, he's held it for longer than that before. But the stakes are higher when you're sitting in your best friend's car. "I don't want to make a mess in Willow's car," Hunter thought. "If things get really bad..., hopefully the ferry has washrooms on board..."

"Well, we have 2 hours to kill now, any suggestions?" Willow asked.

"Ooh, I recently downloaded this cool new mobile game that has a co-op mode..."

###

It wasn't till an hour and a half later at 19:45 that Hunter's bladder decided to give him a reminder about how full it was. Hunter squeezed his legs together as he waited for Willow to finish her action. Technically, they could've gone anywhere they wanted to in New London now that they had their ferry tickets reserved. But Willow just kept the car in the queue, preferring to play games with Hunter. Hunter took this into his fantasies and ran with it: "Clearly, Willow doesn't want me to pee, so I won't," Hunter thought to himself.

There was actually a set of bathrooms just outside near the ferry docking area that Hunter could've excused himself to use them at any moment. But he was having so much fun gaming with Willow that he didn't want to. And he also hasn't received any "permission" from her. He will not allow himself to pee if Willow doesn't either. And Willow has showed zero signs of needing to pee, so Hunter doubted that she would go anytime soon, despite the fact that it's been almost 3 hours since their last potty break. "Man, whatever diuretic she had earlier today must've worn off," Hunter thought. "This is exactly the big bladder that I remember Willow typically having."

Hunter thought back to the many other times where he tried this experiment, where he would drink roughly the same amount of water that Willow did, and denied himself of using the bathroom until he saw Willow use it too. Back when they were college roommates, it was an easy experiment to replicate. He would always struggle, his bladder feeling full for hours while Willow would go about her day normally. Previously, he thought that there might've been times when Willow would use the bathroom without his knowledge, since they'd be doing chores or other mundane tasks, doing homework, playing video games, or hanging out with other friends. There were plenty of things happening around him that would distract him from knowing if or when Willow would actually use the bathroom.

But now, Hunter knows for a fact that she hasn't gone to a bathroom for the last 2.75 hours, she's been too busy driving after all. It also seemed that Willow wasn't drinking as much water now that her car windows were wide open. But with the amount of water he got her to drink previously and for her to hold it this long without showing any signs of desperation, or even excusing herself to use the ferry dock bathrooms was impressive to Hunter.

Though, Hunter did catch Willow staring at the ferry dock bathrooms 10 minutes ago. The outside of those bathrooms looked old, decrepit, and gross, so the inside probably looked worse. If Willow did have to pee, she was probably holding it to avoid using such a disgusting public restroom.

Not that Hunter was showing any overt signs of desperation himself either. Besides the occasional leg squeezes, Hunter has kept himself composed despite his bladder's growing complaints. He doesn't want to embarrass himself in front of Willow after all. While it would be nice to grab his crotch to help himself hold, he wasn't at the point where that was necessary yet.

Willow took another sip of water, so Hunter followed suit. Hunter wondered if Willow truly didn't have to pee yet, or if she just decided to hold her pee due to the disgusting bathrooms. He wondered if she's also decided to wait till they got to the B&B, where their ensuite bathroom would presumably be in a much nicer condition than these public bathrooms. "Just another 45 minutes till the next ferry arrives," Hunter thought to himself.

Hunter wondered how far he should take his little game. Another 15 minutes passed, it was now 20:00, and he had to squeeze his legs together again. Assuming things went smoothly, he was fairly certain that he could hold it till they got to the B&B in about 1.5 hours. But should he use the bathroom right away? Or wait until Willow uses it first? He knows he can hold it for 85 minutes, but he also knows that he'll be really desperate at that point. "And how desperate would Willow be at that point?" Hunter thought to himself.

"Where are my manners, if Willow has to pee, of course I'll let her use the bathroom first. She's the one that's been doing all the hard work driving after all." Hunter looked over at Willow and quickly glanced over at her legs. Still no signs of desperation. "Gosh, this is so unlike all the omorashi fanfics I read. Irl people don't really display overt physical signs of desperation most of the time, even when they really have to pee, huh? If I was in the privacy of my own room, I'd be twisting my legs and jamming my hand to my crotch right about now." It was hard to tell how bad Willow had to pee, but Hunter assumed that since they both stayed hydrated and the fact that it's been a while since their last potty break at around 17:00, surely Willow has to at least feel a small urge, right? He did catch her staring at the bathrooms earlier after all. But other than that, she's shown no other signs.

"And what if she doesn't pee immediately after entering the B&B, how long am I willing to let her keep me from using the toilet?" Hunter thought to himself. Willow was completely unaware of how much power Hunter was giving her over his bladder. Hunter continued to pretend to take Willow's silence as a "No, you're not allowed to use the ferry dock restrooms" and he continued to hold it.

30 minutes later, it was 20:15 and Hunter saw the ferry approaching the dock. Hunter would squeeze his legs and rub them together whenever he thought Willow was too distracted by the game to be looking at him. When he finally saw the ferry at the dock, he told Willow, "Hey look, the ferry's back!"

"Ooh, that's good news, we'll finally be able to load the car on now!" Willow replied. Hunter saw Willow squeeze her legs a little as she said that. "Did I just imagine that?" Hunter thought. "She realizes she's a step closer to using a bathroom now so she felt a wave of desperation. Or maybe I'm overthinking this..."

Willow started the car as they saw the ferry crew start to corral the cars at the front onto the ferry. They went through the motions of packing their car tightly, bumper to bumper with the car in front so that there was ample room for others to come on to the ferry. Then, when the ferry finally started moving, they got out of the car to explore the ferry and view the sights on the Thames River. "Hehe, funny how Connecticut stole a bunch of names from England," Hunter thought.

He looked back at New London and saw the sun setting to the left of it over the water. It was a very picturesque sight and he got Willow to take a few photos of him. He regretted not bringing his hoodie as he stood there smiling into Willow's camera. The cold air of the Thames River was giving him the shivers and intensified his need to pee. He was doing his best to stay composed in front of Willow. After Willow was done giving him an excellent photoshoot as always, he started pacing around the ferry, taking note of all the sights around them. The pacing also helped him hold his pee better as it allowed him to shift his weight back and forth while (hopefully) appearing normal. He'd glance back at Willow from time to time, but she also showed no signs of desperation. She was also pacing around though. There were bathrooms on the ferry, but neither of them used it. The ferry looked dirty, so Hunter assumed the bathrooms must be dirty too.

The 45 minute ferry ride felt like it took forever. 20 minutes in and Hunter felt a big wave of desperation. He crossed his legs together and doubled over. He quickly composed himself, stood up straight and continued pacing around hoping Willow didn't notice his embarrassing dance. The cold shivers felt more intense now that he had to go so badly now.

5 minutes later and Hunter found it really difficult to keep a normal looking posture while pacing around now. "I'm getting a bit cold, can we head back to the car?" Hunter asked Willow. Willow nodded and the two headed back to her car. As Willow was walking around to unlock it, Hunter crossed his legs, hoping she couldn't see his legs through her car from the other side. They got in, and Hunter sat down with his legs together, slightly squeezing. He put on his hoodie and that helped reduce the intensity of his desperation. He looked over at Willow and noticed that she was also sitting down with her legs together. They sat in the car in silence for the next 25 minutes.

As Hunter continued to hold his pee in silence, it got harder and harder to stay still. He would "adjust his position" every once in a while to "find a more comfortable position". But once in a while turned into once every few minutes, then once a minute...

Finally, the ferry arrived at Fishers Island and Hunter felt a pang of desperation after realizing he was a step closer to the B&B bathroom now. He doubled over slightly, hoping that Willow didn't notice. She was probably too busy starting the car and getting ready to unload the ferry anyways.

"We're almost at the B&B," Willow said, almost as if to herself. "Just 10 more minutes!"

"I can't wait to unwind after such a long road trip," Hunter replied.

Hunter continued to rub his legs together and was doubled over in a way that Willow probably would've found a bit strange if she wasn't focused on the road. Hunter noticed that she would also bring her legs together every time they stopped at an intersection. Hunter was a bit embarrassed at the dance he was currently doing in his seat, wiggling his bum around and squeezing his legs together. But it was necessary to prevent himself from making a mess in Willow's car. If Willow did notice, she pretended not to.

After an agonizingly long ten minutes later, they arrived at the B&B and Hunter was excited at the prospect of emptying his bladder soon. He suspected Willow had to pee too though, so he planned on letting her go first. They went around to the trunk to grab their suitcases and went inside.

When they stepped inside, they were immediately greeted by the host of the B&B.

"Welcome to The Red Cod B&B. First and foremost, the wifi password is right there," the hostess said while pointing to a red cod shaped sign with the wifi info on it.

Hunter and Willow chuckled a bit. Hunter had to squeeze his legs together afterwards.

"I'm Mary-Lynn. You must be Willow and Hunter?" They nodded, "Yep, that's us!" Willow replied.

"Great! Amity has told me about what great friends you are. Her uncle owns a beachside villa here after all, and they've told me about all the guests of her's that's staying at my B&B here for her wedding. Now, before I show you to your rooms, let me explain some ground rules that I expect all my guests to follow..." Mary-Lynn started.

Hunter crossed his legs as Mary-Lynn started explaining the rules. They were very reasonable rules to follow and he wondered what some idiotic past guest did here in order to prompt Mary-Lynn into explaining these rules to all of her guests.

"... No using our wifi to search up illegal things like 'how to build a bomb'. We will report you to the authorities if that happens..."

Hunter noticed Willow squeezing her legs together.

"... No smoking inside the rooms. There are designated smoking areas outside by the ..."

Hunter rubbed his legs together while he crossed them. How much longer was this going to take?

"... Past 11pm is designated as quiet times. Please keep your volume level low so as to not disturb our other guests... "

Hunter doubled over slightly as he felt a wave of desperation. He hoped it wasn't noticeable to either Mary-Lynn or Willow.

"... And our complimentary breakfast is every morning from 8-10am. Any questions?"

They both shook their heads, perhaps a little too quickly that it may have appeared rude. But Hunter really needed to pee right now and needed things to hurry along.

"Alright, one last thing before I give you your room keys. I just need one of you to sign our guest behavior contact. It contains everything I just discussed." Mary-Lynn said.

Willow briefly skimmed over it to verify that it just contained the very reasonable terms and conditions that Mary-Lynn just explained to them, and signed the contract. Hunter felt sorry for Mary-Lynn, because whatever that stupid past guest did to her B&B, it must've been very bad for her to go through this procedure with all of her guests. He just hopes that he doesn't become the next idiotic guest that makes a puddle all over her foyer. "I hope this is the last of this long winded procedure," Hunter thought to himself.

"Alright, that's everything. Here are your room keys. Follow me and I'll show you to your room." Mary-Lynn said.

They went up the stairs. Hunter with a slight waddle in his steps. Their room was right next to the landing.

"I hope you both enjoy your stay here." Mary-Lynn said.

"Thanks!" Willow and Hunter said. And Willow began to open their room.

Hunter stood there crossed legged after Mary-Lynn left and went back downstairs. He was so close to a toilet, and he needed it so sooooo badly.

The door opened and the pair calmly went inside. There were two beds. "Thank Titan, I would've felt so awkward if there was only one," Hunter thought. And Willow immediately picked the one further in.

Hunter was waiting for Willow to use the bathroom first. But she just started unpacking, so Hunter started to unpack his stuff too while doing an awkward potty dance. "When is Willow going to use the toilet?!" Hunter thought to himself. "I'm really holding it in here." Despite how desperate he was. He still insisted on playing his little game and wasn't allowing himself to pee until Willow went first. Then, he observed Willow crossing her legs while unpacking before she decided to speed walk towards the washroom and closed the door. "Finally, I get to use the toilet next!" Hunter thought to himself.

It felt like it took a minute, painfully long when your bladder is full, before Hunter heard her pee stream. It was a lot louder than the one he heard earlier today when Willow came to pick him up, mostly because his bed was right next to the bathroom. The sound of liquid hitting liquid caused Hunter's bladder to spasm in agony.

Hunter started to replay a few of the moments when he saw Willow desperate to pee today. He remembers the urgency in her voice when she asked to use his bathroom when she came to pick him up. He recalls the cute little dance she did to prevent herself from wetting her pants while she was in line for the bathroom at the service plaza. He imagines the look of relief that must be on her face right now based on how strong her pee stream sounds. After all, she's been holding it for as long as Hunter has. Hunter felt his bladder spasm. "Is this what Willow felt when I got to use the washroom before her at the service plaza earlier today?" Hunter thought.

Hunter felt his pants get tighter the more he thought about these things and his need to pee almost disappeared. He allowed himself to stay in this state for a while, not allowing himself to get aroused further and slowly letting it decay. That was the best part about holding, it enhances your arousal as you think about these dirty thoughts while simultaneously reducing your need to pee, even if only temporarily.

Eventually, a huge wave of desperation crashed into him with a vengeance and he started leaking into his underwear. "Hmmf," Hunter stifled a moan. He jammed his hand to his crotch and used all his strength to stem the flow. It worked, but not before a golf sized wet patch stained his underwear. His penis was twitching in agony now, spurting out drops of urine and begging for relief. He kept his legs clamped together, his hand jammed to his crotch and doubled over. "Please hurry up Willow," Hunter thought. "My pee is already coming out. I can only stem the flow for so long."

He continued to hear Willow's pee stream and imagined it was her saying, "Nope, I've been driving all day. You're a big boy Hunter, you can hold it in for a few more minutes." And that made him a bit more aroused again and gave him the power to hold on just a little bit more.

About 2 agonizing minutes later, the pee stream stopped. But it was just silence for the next little while as Hunter imagined that Willow was probably wiping herself.

Then came the sound of a running tap. She was washing her hands. To Hunter's inflated bladder, it sure felt like Willow was taking a painfully long time to wash her hands, even though she was probably washing them like she normally does. He contorted his legs around his hands and doubled over.

Finally, the door opened and Willow walked out with a look of relief on her face. Hunter tried to compose himself and waited a few seconds, much to his bladder's dismay, so as to not make himself look like a fool in front of Willow. Luckily, the wetness he felt in his underwear sticking to his crotch wasn't visible on his shorts. Yet... Then he slowly and calmly walked towards the bathroom, doing his best to walk instead of waddle. His bladder would not let him forget how full it currently felt. He felt his penis twitching again, his pee was right on the edge.

He finally went inside the bathroom, closed the door, and was surprised to find that it had no locking mechanism. "That must've been why it took a while for Willow to start peeing. She must've been trying to figure out how to lock the door before she just couldn't hold it anymore? Well, I guess most people B&B with people they trust so they didn't think to put a lock in the bathroom," Hunter thought. He wouldn't dare violate Willow's privacy, and he knew Willow wouldn't violate his own either.

His bladder spasmed violently. A painful reminder that he was here to empty it, not to think about whether they violate each other's privacy. Hunter quickly yanked his pants down and a stream was already flowing out of him. The toilet seat was still down so he quickly sat down on it and finally, after hours of holding it in, he let his geyser loose.

He felt enormous relief as his bladder muscles finally started relaxing after hours of being stretched taut. It was 21:50 and his last pee was a bit before 17:00. Hunter endured almost 5 hours of holding while staying properly hydrated that entire time. He could've mistaken the sound of his pee stream for the jet setting on a garden hose. It was that loud. "This must've been the sweet relief that Willow felt just a minute before," Hunter thought to himself. His penis started to straighten a little and he had to bend over to keep it pointing into the toilet bowl. He looked at the floor in front of him and noticed the mess he made. There were splotches and puddles of urine on the floor from when he started leaking after he entered the bathroom. He made mental note to clean it up for Willow's sake after he was done.

Hunter continued to bask in his relief, because yes, he was still peeing over two minutes later. He started massaging his bladder as it felt weakened. He was gonna have to take it easy on the holding for the next little while to let his bladder recover. The sensation of needing to pee was still present in his bladder even as he was pushing the last few drops of urine out. Those muscles were just too overworked today.

After he finished peeing, he cleaned up the bathroom as he promised to himself, and washed his hands. His bladder still gave him a phantom reminder of how badly he needed to pee a few minutes ago.

Afterwards, Hunter and Willow went through their night time routines. They took a shower (separately) and then went to sleep. Excited to attend Luz and Amity's wedding the next day.

=====

A/N: Thanks to mourn365 for beta reading!

More A/N: I've decided that I'm gonna slowly migrate over to posting my fics exclusively on Ao3. This will be one of the last stories I post on omo.org. You can check out my Ao3 profile here: https://archiveofourown.org/users/GoldenGuard

. Almost every omo fic I've ever wrote is there. You must be logged in to Ao3 to view my fics!

*003*2025-08-03 02:14

Chapter 3: The Return Trip

It was the day after the wedding. Hunter, Willow, and all of their friends had lots of fun celebrating Luz and Amity's marriage yesterday.

Now, the fun times were over and they had to head back home. Hunter wondered whether he'd be able to hold his pee the entire way back. "Probably, if there's no traffic..." he thought to himself.

As they finished up the clean up process, which took all morning, Willow went up to Hunter and said "I'm gonna use the washroom before we leave. It's a long trip home."

Hunter nodded and replied, "Good idea, Imma also go once I finish packing the tents." A few of the wedding guests decided to save money by camping out in Uncle Alastair's front yard instead of staying in a hotel or B&B. Hunter's glad that he wasn't camping because he heard from Gus that there were so many bugs the past two nights.

After everything was packed and ready to go, Hunter went to empty his bladder. It was 12:00 and he doesn't know when he'd be able to use another bathroom after this point.

They departed Uncle Alastair's house at 12:10 and headed to the ferry. The ferry doesn't leave till 13:30, but they heard that the car queue was already quite long.

They got to the end of the queue at 12:30 and luckily, they were well within the "tentative cutoff point".

"We're gonna be here a while and the car is an oven, so Imma walk around," Willow said.

"I'll come with you," Hunter said.

The two walked out of the car and began walking around. It was a hot day, so it would've been way hotter to sit inside of Willow's car without AC.

Less than a minute into the walk, Willow said, "I'm gonna grab some water."

Hunter, feeling quite parched himself already replied with, "Good idea, I'll grab some too."

They went back to the car and grabbed some ice water. Hunter took 3 massive gulps of water and saw Willow doing something similar.

They walked towards the front of the queue and saw Luz, Amity, Gus, and Vee chatting. Luz noticed the two and waved enthusiastically. "Friends!" Luz exclaimed. Hunter smiled as they spedwalked to catch up with them. The group of friends walked together towards the front of the queue. Amity was counting the cars while Luz held her hand as they walked passed the long line up of cars.

As they approached Silver Eel Cove, Hunter noticed a single user latrine by the port. "I need to powder my nose Batata, be right back." Amity said to Luz. She went inside and closed the door.

The 4 other friends walked to the shore. They stood on the rocks there and watched as the waves came in and out of the shore. "Ah, I could use the bathroom too," Gus mentioned while doing an exaggerated potty dance after listening to the waves crashing for about a minute. He lined up outside the latrine and waited for Amity to come out.

"Luz, you did an amazing job choreographing the 'A Romantic Broomride' soundtrack to the bridal walk yesterday' " Hunter said. "I almost started crying as I walked down that aisle, it was so beautiful."

Luz had a wide grin on her face. "Thanks Hunter, it's my favourite soundtrack from the first Azura movie. I'm so happy you guys pulled off the choreography perfectly!"

Amity came back to join Luz and held her hand again. Gus entered the latrine. After he was done, the five of them continued to enjoy the view of Silver Eel Cove for a while until they got bored.

"Alright, that's enough nature for today. I wanna go back in the car," Luz said.

Everyone nodded and began going back to the car. As Hunter passed by the latrine to get back to the car, he felt a slight urge to urinate. "I'll be fine till I get home," Hunter thought, "the latrine is probably disgusting anyways."

This time, both Amity and Gus were counting the cars on their way back.

"...46, 47, 48." they both counted. "Alright, we should all be good, the ferry has room for about 60 cars," Gus told the group. Willow and Hunter were in spot number 48.

"Alright, goodbye friends!" Luz said, before pulling them all into a bear hug. The hug reminded Hunter that he had to pee. "I can hold it," Hunter thought. "I'll only go if Willow stops at a rest stop." The five of them went into their cars.

When Willow entered the driver's seat, she took a few more gulps of her water. Hunter did the same. A small voice in the back of his head was telling him "use the latrine. It'll be the last toilet you'll see for a while." He chose to ignore that foreboding voice.

He played a few mobile games with Willow to help pass the time. A while later, it was 13:20, and time to board the ferry.

Hunter and Willow decided to stay in the car this time, with the windows open. They've seen the sights already after all. The 45 minute ferry went by smoothly and they arrived at New London at 14:15.

Willow took more gulps of water before closing the window. Hunter followed suit, but this time, he could feel his bladder loudly complaining. He squeezed his legs together for a few seconds, then continued manspreading.

Oracle Maps was showing minimal traffic. "Do you wanna stop by my place for a bit, or do you want me to drive you straight home?" Willow asked.

Hunter thought for a bit. His urge to pee was growing fast and, "it'd be nice to meet Luck," Hunter said.

"Alright, we'll stop at my place then!" Willow replied.

Oracle Maps was right, there was minimal traffic and they were zooming through the highway. But it was still a long way to go before they reached Willow's house. They were going to travel for about an hour on the road.

Willow asked for some water, so Hunter gave her some, and then drank some himself. His bladder was constantly reminding him of how full it was now. He decided to stop manspreading now.

Every few minutes, he would squeeze his legs together to squeeze his penis. But after a while, the action provided him with little relief. His bladder was full and his body was demanding better holding methods, otherwise, it would release. He was leaning forward in his seat to give himself a slightly doubled over position, that seemed to help along with the squeezes.

At 14:45, Hunter was trying everything he could to stay subtle with his desperation. He kept glancing at Willow and she showed no signs at all. He fantasized that Willow was commanding him to hold it until they got to her place, which was still over 30 minutes away. In a way, it was a type of mercy. Hunter is now doubting that he could've held it all the way back to his place. He couldn't help but rub his legs together now.

"Can I have some more water please?" Willow asked.

"Aagh!!!" Hunter thought internally. "Captain is really making me hold it in, I've already had so much to drink."

Hunter unscrewed the cap on Willow's water bottle and slowly poured the liquid into her mouth. As he watched the water flow into her mouth, his bladder spasmed and he squeezed his legs together like there was no tomorrow. Then, almost begrudgingly, he gave himself a few sips of water. He had to rock himself back and forth to stave off that wave. He wanted to grab his crotch so badly now. But he did not want to display such a blatant act of desperation in front of Willow.

Hunter closed his eyes and squeezed every part of his body that would help him hold his pee. His bladder felt so full that he could feel every miniscule bump in the road now.

"We're here!" Willow said.

"CanIPleaseUseYourBathroom?!" Hunter exclaimed in a rush. His face was all red, this was embarrassing.

"Yep, on it," Willow replied. She quickly exited the car and spedwalked towards her front door. Hunter hobbled out and tried to compose himself. He began walking towards Willow's front door. By the time Hunter reached it, Willow already unlocked it. Hunter was thankful that this wasn't going to be like one of those many omorashi stories he's read where someone fumbles with finding their keys, thus delaying the desperate person of the bathroom.

"It's all the way at the end of the hallway." Willow said. Then she went back to her car to grab her stuff. Now that Hunter knows he's not being watched, he didn't care about staying composed anymore. He grabbed his crotch and doubled over and waddled towards her bathroom. The sight of the toilet caused his bladder to spasm so he gripped harder. He closed the door and couldn't figure out how to lock it. Another big wave of desperation told him not to worry about it, so he yanked his pants and boxers down and began peeing into the toilet.

His penis was like the jet setting on a hose now. He had some trouble controlling his stream before he finally got it aimed properly into the toilet. Hunter felt blissful relief. He placed a hand on his bladder and was surprised by the bulge he felt. He felt it deflate as he continued to empty his bladder and gave it a massage as his bladder muscles started relaxing. It felt so good to relieve himself right now.

After he was finished, he cleaned up the mess he made earlier from his uncontrolled stream. Then washed his hands and exited the bathroom. Willow came in with the last of her things shortly after.

"Do you want any snacks or drinks?" Willow asked.

"Sure, I'll take whatever snacks you have, and what drinks do you have?" Hunter replied

"I have pop, tea, and coffee," Willow responded.

"I'll take some tea" Hunter replied.

Willow poured some water in the kettle, turned it on, and then introduced Hunter to Luck as they waited for the water to boil.

"Hey there Luck!" Hunter said. He stretched out his hand to Luck then asked, "How ya doing?"

"Ruff ruff," Luck replied. Then he licked Hunter's hand.

"Eep!" Hunter exclaimed as he jerked his hand away

Willow chuckled at this, "that means he likes you," she replied. "Here, rub the back of his head like this. He likes it when you pet him."

They proceeded to spend the next little while playing with Luck while their tea boiled.

###

"Tea's ready!" Willow exclaimed. As Willow served a cup of tea to herself and Hunter, he noticed her subtly squeezing her legs together. It gave him dirty thoughts as they continued playing with Luck while eating a cookie and drinking their tea.

As they finished up their snacks. They heard a clicking at the front door.

It was Willow's dads. They had just come home from work.

END OF CHAPTER

========

A/N: Thanks to mourn365 for beta reading!

Also Reminder: I've decided that I'm gonna slowly migrate over to posting my fics exclusively on Ao3. This will be one of the last stories I post on omo.org. You can check out my Ao3 profile here: https://archiveofourown.org/users/GoldenGuard

. Almost every omo fic I've ever wrote is there. You must be logged in to Ao3 to view my fics!

*004*2025-08-09 22:30

Chapter 4: Shovel Talk

"Dad! Papa!" Willow exclaimed as she went to the door to give them a hug.

"Hey little Sunflower, you're back earlier than expected." Gilbert said.

"And I see Hunter's here too..." Harvey stated.

"Hello Mr. P-Parks, how are you doing today?" Hunter replied nervously.

"Have you been aiding and abetting any former Emperor's coven rebellions lately?" Harvey asked with an accusatory tone.

"W- what? No! Of course not!" Hunter replied.

"Harvs, give the boy a break. You know he ran away from the Emperor's coven when he was just 16," Gilbert stated.

"Ha I know, I just love messing with him everytime he's here." Harvey replied.

Everyone laughed.

"But if you do anything to hurt Willow, you're gonna wish you stayed in the Emperor's coven, cause they would've offered you more mercy than me. Understood?" Harvey stated in a grave tone.

Hunter let out a nervous gulp before squealing, "U-understood sir."

"Papa, stop scaring my friend!" Willow demanded.

"I'm your papa Willow, I'm always gonna look out for you. I'll be in my room if you need me," Harvey replied. Then he proceeded to go upstairs.

"No need to take Harvey too seriously Hunter. Here, I'll share some exquisite Hot Brown Morning Potion that I bought from the market today. They told me they imported this batch from Xadia this morning!" Gilbert offered.

Willow and Hunter took up Gilbert on that offer and made some small talk while the Hot Brown Morning Potion was brewing.

"So how was the wedding?" Gilbert asked. "It's about time Luz and Amity got married."

Hunter and Willow giggled. "That's what we said earlier in the weekend! The wedding was great!" Willow replied.

Hunter felt his bladder filling up again as the tea began to filter out of his blood.

"So what is this 'Hot Brown Morning Potion'?" Hunter queried. He wanted to know what effects it would have on him.

"It is the most delicious type of potion that helps keep you awake! Xadians drink it every morning!" Gilbert replied.

"Ooh, that's neat!" Willow responded while Hunter nodded.

Shortly after, the HBMP finished brewing and Gilbert served a cup to Hunter, Willow, and himself.

"Mmm, you're right! This is delicious!" Hunter exclaimed.

"The Xadians really know how to make their morning potions, huh?" Gilbert replied.

Hunter and Willow nodded. "Be right back, imma use the washroom," Willow said, just as everyone was about finished with their HBMPs.

That's when Hunter realized that it's been several hours since Willow last had a bathroom break. She hasn't gone since Fisher's Island. She's had quite a lot of liquids since then. So she must've been holding in quite a lot of pee. The fact that he could hear her pee stream from the kitchen table confirmed this to him. "That girl sure has a bladder of steel." Hunter blushed as he thought this.

"You like my daughter, don't you?" Gilbert asked with a smirk on his face.

Hunter blushed even harder. "Of- of course! Willow's a great friend!" Hunter replied.

Gilbert raised an eyebrow before saying, "I think you like her as more than just a friend."

Hunter could feel his ears burning red. "Ok, maybe a little. But she doesn't feel the same towards me. And yes, I have asked her. I'm happy to stay just friends with her though," Hunter replied.

Gilbert looked at Hunter not entirely convinced and replied, "Just keep being yourself and you'll eventually win her over. You're a great guy Hunter."

Hunter nodded knowing that what Gilbert said was not true. Clearly, Willow hasn't come out to them yet. He'll just stay quiet and hope that the subject changes soon.

"Alright, it's starting to get dark, so I think I should drive Hunter home soon," Willow interjected, oblivious to their conversation after just coming out of the bathroom.

"Sounds like a plan," Gilbert replied. "I know you hate driving in the dark Willow. Do you want me to drive Hunter home?"

"Nah, there's still enough daylight, I can drive Hunter home. Get some rest, you must've had a long day at work," Willow replied.

"Alright lil Sunflower, I get it, you want to spend some more quality time with Hunter." Gilbert said with a not so subtle wink to both of them. "Drive safe out there and get home in one piece!" Gilbert said.

Willow rolled her eyes before responding sarcastically with, "Thanks dad!" She gave him a hug before she went back to the car and motioned for Hunter to follow.

At this point, Hunter felt a constant urge in his bladder. But he was happy to step away from this awkward situation, so he decided to ignore his bladder's signals.

###

"You have your seatbelt on?" Willow asked.

"Yep," Hunter replied.

As Willow pulled out of the driveway, Hunter's seatbelt dug into his bladder. He readjusted his seatbelt before it would cause him further agony.

Now, they were on their way back to Hunter's place.

CHAPTER END

===========

A/N: Thank you to mourn365 for beta reading this!

*005*2025-08-21 02:41

Chapter 5: Epilogue

Content Warning: male desperation, male masturbation (Hunter). If you don't want to read male masturbation, stop reading after Hunter thinks "I'm not allowed to pee, but I never said I couldn't resort to other, dirtier methods to hold..."

=======

"I'm sorry my dads were making things awkward for you Hunter. They were just doing what they think is best for me," Willow said.

"No worries, you're so lucky to have such loving parental figures," Hunter replied.

The two sat in silence for a while as Willow drove towards Hunter's home. Just 15 minutes into the drive. Hunter felt his problem become more urgent.

"It's only 45 more minutes till we get to your place," Hunter imagined fantasy Willow saying. "You're a big boy, can you hold it till then?"

Hunter suddenly became very jealous of Willow's recently emptied bladder. Sure, she got him out of that awkward conversation with Gilbert, but she didn't even ask if he needed to use the bathroom before they left. "Clearly, that means she wants me to hold it. Again," Hunter thought. He squeezed his legs together as he felt a wave of desperation wash over him.

"Water." Willow stated. Hunter knew that was his cue to give her some water. After he saw her take a few gulps, he took a few sips himself.

Another 15 minutes passed and things were getting bad. Real bad. His bladder was constantly aching now. The tea he drank must've sped up his kidney's filtration speed. But his bladder feels like it's filling up much faster than he remembers tea being. Maybe the Hot Brown Morning Potion was also a diuretic... Normally, he's not worried about holding his bladder at this stage for another 30 minutes. But with how quickly he could feel his bladder expanding due to all the diuretics he's consumed. He's starting to doubt his holding abilities. He squeezed his legs together again and kept them squeezed for the rest of the ride.

"Man, I hate rush hour traffic." Willow stated.

Hunter was so busy keeping his urethral sphincter closed that he didn't notice how slow the car was moving and how congested the highway was.

"Ah, how much longer to we get home?" Hunter asked.

"Oracle Maps says that with traffic, it'll take another 40 minutes to get back to your place," Willow responded.

"Oh dear Titan," Hunter thought, "am I going to make it?"

"I need more water," Willow stated. Hunter's bladder spasmed as he watched Willow take another few gulps from her bottle. He quickly brought a hand down and gave his crotch a squeeze. For the first time in their entire trip, Hunter elected to not drink after Willow did. He felt like his bladder would explode if he continued to cram more water in there.

The next 20 minutes were agony. He was constantly squirming around. If Willow noticed, she didn't say anything. "Just another 20 minutes," he imagined fantasy Willow saying. "And don't you dare have an accident in my car or I'll be very upset with you."

Willow asked for more water. Hunter had to squeeze his crotch a bit longer this time to stave off the bigger wave of desperation he felt.

The last 20 minutes were torture. He had no choice but to constantly squeeze his cock with his hands. He felt like he was on the verge of peeing his pants.

"Is everything alright?" Willow asked.

"I- I just really need to use the bathroom," Hunter replied.

"Well, we're just 10 minutes away from your house. Do you think you can hold it till then?" Willow asked.

"Yep!" Hunter responded. He wasn't certain at first. But the fact that Willow actually asked him to hold it in real life was a big turn on for him. He started getting a boner while he replayed those words in his head again and used his horniness to help him hold back his flood.

He was constantly gripping his penis and bending it in a way that helped him hold his pee, even if it was a bit painful given his boner. But he decided it was better than soaking Willow's carseat in his urine.

Hunter kept imagining Willow repeat, "We're just 10 minutes away from your house. Do you think you can hold it till then?" It gave him the strength he needed to hold back his massive flood.

They finally pulled into his driveway. "I'll grab your stuff. You can go ahead and use the bathroom," Willow said.

That was all the permission Hunter needed to sprint to his front door. He already felt himself leaking the moment Willow gave him permission to pee. He quickly unlocked the house and ran towards the bathroom. His underwear was damp before he could take it off. But, he managed to reach the toilet, and aimed his fire hose at the toilet bowl.

The relief felt incredible. Hunter allowed himself to bask in the glory of his relaxing bladder for a dozen seconds before he remembered that it's been an hour and 10 minutes since Willow used the bathroom. He decided that it would be unfair for him to fully empty his bladder while Willow hasn't had a chance to go yet despite doing all the hard work driving for the past hour.

Yeah, she peed before they left, but it was almost immediately after they finished their HBMPs, there's no way that made its way to her bladder in that short period of time. And not to mention, the amount of water that Willow drank on their way here? It would be unfair for Hunter to hog the bathroom for too long. So he decided to close his sphincter mid-stream. The sharp sensation from his bladder was telling him "wtf, I'm not empty yet, I'm still holding a lot of urine in here." Hunter decided to ignore this feeling. He was no longer in emergency territory, so he was fine with letting Willow take a turn now.

He quickly cleaned up the mess that his fire hose made before washing his hands. Surprisingly, his jeans weren't visibly wet from the outside. They were slightly damp on the inside. So Hunter just decided to go commando since his underwear was a lost cause.

When he exited the bathroom, he was surprised to see that Willow had moved all his stuff from her car to inside his house.

"Alright, it's getting dark now. I should really get going. I had a fun weekend, I really enjoyed your company on our roadtrip Hunter," Willow stated.

The two proceeded to hug.

"Bye! Drive home safe, and text me when you get home!" Hunter said as he waved her goodbye.

After Willow pulled out of their driveway, Hunter realized that she didn't ask to use his bathroom at all.

"What?! She drank so much water on the way here, and also that HBMP she drank. Surely, it wasn't expelled when she used the bathroom seconds after finishing that drink. Is she really planning on holding all that liquid for her entire hour drive back?!" Hunter thought.

Hunter's bladder still felt full. He could feel his sphincter complaining that he closed it prematurely.

"Well, if Willow is going to hold it for another hour, then I will as well. I won't pee until I know she's safe at home." Hunter thought

Now that he was home alone, he decided to put on another pair of underwear and change into more comfortable pajamas. It had just been a few minutes, but Hunter felt his urge to pee creep back in rather quickly.

He decided to play his favorite Omorashi RPG: Mojique, to simulate talking with Willow having a full bladder.

The desperation dialogue in Mojique gave Hunter a boner rather quickly, as always. He used the game to keep himself horny so that he could hold his pee better.

Hunter chuckled as a cutscene came on establishing that the protagonist and the 4 women he was traveling with were currently in a cruise ship with no functioning bathrooms. He thought back to the desperate times this weekend when he refused to use the cruise ship bathrooms because of how dirty the ship looked.

Hunter imagined Willow being one of the 4 desperate women from Mojique besides him on that cruise ship. She was too stubborn to use their "emergency portable toilets" that offer no privacy at all. Her squirming and potty dancing got more and more intense until she just started wetting herself...

About half an hour after Willow left, Hunter felt a huge wave of desperation. He was about to wet his pants. He quickly walked towards his bathroom, but when he stepped inside, he refused to take off his pants. Instead, he just doubled over and jammed a hand to his crotch. He wanted to continue holding until he knew that Willow was safe at home. He checked his phone and saw no new messages from Willow.

"That makes sense," Hunter thought, "her place is 1 hour away, so at best, she's only halfway home, and has to hold it for at least another half hour."

As Hunter continued to pace around in his bathroom doing an awkward potty dance that no one could see, he felt another wave of desperation. He squeezed his penis with his left hand. "Ooooooh, this is getting bad." Hunter thought. "But no, I'm not allowed to pee until Willow is safe at home."

"I'm not allowed to pee, but I never said I couldn't resort to other, dirtier methods to hold..." Hunter thought to himself.

###

He took off his pants and underwear and sat on the toilet seat. His penis was pulsating and let out a spurt of urine. Sitting on the toilet made things worse.

He began stroking his penis with his left hand and quickly got himself a boner. It helped. He didn't want to orgasm though, so he just started stroking himself slowly after he was hard.

He began to think of all the scenarios this past weekend where he witnessed Willow being desperate to pee. He thought about the moment she came to pick him up, but asked to use his bathroom before she even said "hi". He thought about the cute little potty dance she did while waiting in line for the service plaza bathroom. And he remembers all the cute little legs squeezes or rubbings he caught her doing throughout the weekend.

Hunter thought about how it was likely that Willow desperately needed to pee right now. She drank so much water in addition to tea and the hot brown morning potion (that Hunter suspected was a diuretic). But she had no choice but to hold it since she was driving right now. He wondered if she was more likely to squeeze her legs together, or hold her crotch when he wasn't sitting right next to her. Or even how likely she would've pulled over to a gas station to relieve herself.

The more Hunter thought about these things, the closer he was to orgasming. And even though he never intended to do this in real life, he thought about controlling her the way he controls the Mojique girls. She'd let him know that she was bursting for a bathroom. And Hunter would tell her to hold it, just a little bit longer, and refuse to find a bathroom to relieve her. Her need would get worse and worse, to the point where she would wet herself...

That's when Hunter started cumming. "Oh Titan, I am disgusting." Hunter thought.

Ding. New DM from Hello_willow

Hunter checked his Penstagram

Hello_willow: I'm home now 🙂

Hunter finally allowed himself to pee now that he knew Willow had the opportunity to pee too. The relief he felt was almost as good as the orgasm he just had.

RULERZREACHF4N: Yay! Glad you're home safe. Thanks for giving me a ride to the wedding!

Hello_willow: No problem, it's nice to have a travel buddy 😉 thanks for tagging along with me!

Hunter smiled as he let himself relax over his toilet seat. "This is completely fine." He thought.

THE END

=====

A/N: Thank you to mourn365 for beta reading this!

