A massage session - part 4 (conclusion)

Author: Guest Masseur5

*000*2022-05-20 12:20

The story so far: during an already eventful evening with Rod and his girlfriend Jane, she let her pee flood though her panties and pour over my hand. I was also bursting for a pee so Jane led the way to the bathroom. By this time, all inhibitions that any of us may have had had been well and truly left behind. Or so I thought, anyway!

Once we were in the bathroom,Jane slipped off her sodden underwear and threw it into a plastic bowl in the corner. “I’ll deal with that later when I have a shower” she said, turning on a tap and taking a flannel from its rack in order to wash the lower part of her body. The sound of running water was almost too much for me. I couldn’t help letting a spurt of pee out into my briefs and had to thrust a hand between my legs in order to squeeze the tip of my penis in an attempt to stem the flow.

“Oh I’m so sorry” said Jane, turning and noticing my predicament and gesturing towards the toilet. “Maybe I should go out and leave you to it.”

But she had a smile on her face and I wondered if she was secretly enjoying the obvious fact that I was on the point of soaking my briefs. She hesitated a moment before adding “Um… I hope you won’t mind me saying this, but I wonder if you’d mind if I did something I’ve always been curious about?” I hoped she’d hurry up and tell me what it was as I knew I wouldn’t be able to hold it in much longer, however hard I pressed my hand against my aching penis. Luckily, I didn’t have long to wait as she went on “I’ve always wanted to hold a man’s thing when he used the toilet. Would you mind if I did that now?”

Would I mind?!! How could I refuse such an offer? Not that I had a chance to as Jane swiftly lifted up the toilet seat as I moved towards it, knowing I’d leave a huge puddle on the tiled floor if I didn’t have a chance to use the proper receptacle in the next few seconds.

Jane helped me off with my briefs, allowing my penis to swing freely as, half bent over, I shuffled close to the toilet. As I did so, Jane reached out a hand to hold my penis and point it in the right direction. For a few seconds, I wasn’t sure if I’d actually be able to ‘perform’ in this situation. Although my need to ‘go’ was extremely urgent, the touch of Jane’s hand and the way she was holding me was sending contradictory signals to my body in a way that meant it was difficult to release my pent-up pee. Besides, despite how free we’d been with each other earlier, I felt suddenly shy about letting her see me do something I normally do in private.

Jane sensed my difficulty as she whispered in my ear “It’s ok. Just relax. I know how urgently you need to pee.”

She slightly loosened her hold on my penis and as she did so I realised I simply couldn’t wait another moment and a huge spout of pee spurted out of the tip. Jane gasped and just managed to direct my straining dick towards the toilet. As she did so another spurt and then another joined the first until a steady torrent flowed out of me for what seemed like several minutes. It felt so good to be able to completely relax at last though when the stream finally slowed to a trickle, my penis began to stiffen as Jane shook it to release the few last drops. 

She gave it a few teasing rubs, bringing me very close to the edge of releasing another fluid to join the liquid swirling in the toilet bowl. But at the very moment I felt the urge to cum becoming irresistible - even stronger, if anything, than my need to pee had been a short time before - she let go of my throbbing dick and said “We’ll need to take care of that soon! I’ll just have a quick wash and then let’s go and join Rod again. I wouldn’t want him to feel left out.” She flushed the toilet and turned back to the basin to complete her ablutions as my erection started to partially (and reluctantly) subside.

That was the end of the ‘wet’ part of the proceedings, though the three of us went on to have some more exceedingly pleasurable ’fun’ in their bedroom. Rather than going into further details, I think I’ll end this account now and simply say that I drove home with a contented smile on my face after one of the most erotically satisfying evenings of my life.

