Huntlow Zoo Trip (The Owl House)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2024-07-27 16:22

Huntlow Zoo Trip -----

Summary: Hunter and Willow visit the zoo after drinking some large sodas for lunch.

###

Hunter finished the last of his soda with a powerful slurp. "So, what animals are you most excited to see?" Willow asked. Willow finished her own soda as she waited for Hunter to answer.

"Wolves," Hunter replied, "Arctic wolves. They are so cool, and I wanna be able to finally see one in real life!"

Willow giggled at Hunter's answer. "What about you?" Hunter asked.

"I wanna see bees and birds!" Willow exclaimed. "They are such important pollinators in our ecosystem. Oh, and plants, especially the carnivorous ones."

Hunter smiled at Willow's response. "Those are also awesome animals to see!" He replied.

The two have agreed to visit the zoo together. Being young adults now with full time jobs, it's been hard for them to find the time to hang out with friends. Hunter and Willow have been planning this trip for a month now and Hunter is glad that he finally gets to spend time with his best friend at the zoo.

###

After lunch, they got into Willow's car and headed to the zoo. It took 20 minutes to get there. Hunter was happy to see how excited Willow was when they finally stepped out of the car. "We're finally here!" Willow exclaimed.

Hunter smiled and replied, "Yeah, I can't wait to see all the animals!"

After they entered, they were greeted with a construction site at the entrance. "And here we see the majestic crane in it's natural habitat," Hunter said in his best Attenborough voice impression (which was bad).

Willow giggled at Hunter's terrible joke. "It's nice the zoo is expanding and renovating, I just wish it wasn't on the one day we could hang out together." Willow said.

As they walked towards the first exhibit, Hunter felt a slight urge to pee. "Wow, that soda went right through me," Hunter thought. They passed through the bathrooms by the entrance. "Eh, I don't need to go that badly. I can hold it," Hunter thought.

Hunter gasped. "There's the ring-tailed lemurs!!!" Hunter exclaimed. The two spedwalked towards the exhibit.

"They're so cute!!" Willow squealed.

The two continued to walk around the zoo, exploring the exhibits and fangirling at all the cute animals. It was also quite humid outside and Hunter felt the heat of the afternoon sun baking his skin. He took out his water bottle and drank a few sips. He noticed Willow doing the same.

"There's the arctic wolves!!!!!!" Hunter excitedly exclaimed as they entered the tundra exhibit. "They look so out of place on green grass." Hunter stated. Willow giggled at this statement and replied, "Yeah, there's no snow in July in Connecticut." The two took some more sips from their water bottle after being reminded of the heat.

###

As they walked into the tropical rainforest exhibit. They passed under a waterfall. Hunter's bladder reminded him that it was quickly filling up and that a nice pee would be welcome right about now as he heard the stream of water crashing down into the river below. He almost crossed his legs together. But he managed to clentch his spincter muscles enough to stave off the urge. He glanced over at Willow and saw her squeezing her legs together.

"Does Willow need to pee too?" Hunter thought. "Maybe I'll have another secret pee holding contest with her again then. I'm not gonna pee until she does."

Willow was fascinated with all the beautiful tropical rainforest birds. Some of the exhibits had ambient rainforest noises playing on the speakers to better replicate the animal's natural environment. As they entered one with ambient rain noises, Hunter had to cross his legs. A few seconds later, he noticed Willow doing the same.

They continued walking around the exhibit, slower than normal and Willow continued to admire all the birds they saw.

(- 30 minutes later -)

"Hi!" Willow repeated again in a high pitched voice.

No response.

She's been at this for a while now. Willow took a few more sips of water to quench her parched throat. Hunter always drank from his own water bottle a few seconds later. He wanted to stay just as hydrated as she was, despite his own bladder's growing concerns. He resisted the urge to cross his legs this time.

"Hi!" Willow repeated again in a higher pitched voice.

"Hi!" Responded the parrot.

"It finally mimicked me!" Willow exclaimed.

"That is so cool!" Hunter said with the biggest smile on his face. Seeing Willow talking to the parrot over and over again and finally getting a response from the parrot was super cute.

"Hwhoa there!" Willow said in a high pitched voice.

"Hwhoa there!" Replied the parrot.

Hunter smiled at the sight before the sound of rain played on the speakers again. Hunter shifted his weight back and forth and tried his best to not cross his legs or hold his crotch.

Luckily, Willow was distracted by the parrot and didn't notice his potty dancing anyways. "Ugh, this is getting bad," Hunter thought, "I wonder how Willow is holding up." He saw her tightly squeezing her legs together. She slightly wiggled her bum. She was already doubled over as she was talking with the parrot.

They finally decided to leave the rainforest exhibit. As much as Hunter enjoyed seeing Willow light up with joy interacting with all the birds there (and also seeing the subtle signs that she needed to pee), the rain sounds we're getting a bit much for his filling bladder.

###

Next, they entered the zoo's greenhouse and Willow immediately went towards the Venus fly trap.

"Look!" Willow said as she pointed, "That's the plant that eats flies!"

Hunter smiled and followed Willow. "That's so cool! Interesting to see a role reversal food chain scenario." Hunter said. When Hunter was certain that Willow was distracted by the Venus fly trap, he crossed his legs together. His bladder was starting to ache.

They continued to admire the plants in the greenhouse. Hunter was constantly shifting his weight back and forth now. But he did a good job of making it look like walking or pacing. Not that Willow noticed, her eyes lit up with joy at every new plant species she encountered.

After spending about 15 minutes in the greenhouse, the sprinklers suddenly turned on. It was time to water the plants.

Hunter felt a wave of desperation as he felt the fine mists hit his skin along with the noise of running water. He immediately jammed a hand to his crotch and doubled over. He was standing behind Willow, so luckily, she didn't see him embarrassingly hold himself like a child. But Hunter got a great view of Willow crossing her legs, then doubling over. She wiggled her cute bum again. He felt his pants tightening as he took in what was happening. "Maybe I'm taking this too far." Hunter thought. "She'd let me know if she had to use the bathroom, right? We can stop by at one when she asks."

They both decided to leave the greenhouse shortly after. "Let's not bother the plants as they're being watered," Willow remarked as they exited.

###

They had to pass over a bridge to get to the next unexplored area of the zoo. Despite the fact that the river beneath them was flowing quietly, Hunter could still hear it and his walking turned into a bit of a hobble. He looked over at Willow, she'd suddenly gone quiet and was glancing all over the place, as if looking for something.

"There's a bunch of signs over there," Willow pointed out, "let's see what's nearby." Hunter nodded and followed Willow there, who was now walking a bit more urgently.

"Hey look, it's the insect exhibits," Hunter said pointing at one of the signs. "The bees are probably there."

"Actually, I need to use the bathroom." Willow responded with a slight blush in her cheeks.

Hunter glanced over and noticed the look of worry on Willow's face. He noticed how she was doubled over and her legs were tightly crossed.

"There she goes doing that cute potty dance again," Hunter thought as he saw her wiggling around. "No, now's not the time for that Hunter. She needs to pee as badly as I do. We need to find a bathroom now!"

"I could use the bathroom myself too." Hunter responded. He tried to play it off cool, but the fact that he was squeezing his legs together probably betrayed his words. Willow didn't seem to notice though as she continued to look for a bathroom sign.

"There's the nearest one, let's go!" Willow exclaimed.

Hunter followed and noticed how Willow was walking more carefully now. She kept her legs close and would squeeze them together about once every few minutes.

They saw a fast food building in the direction the sign pointed them towards and walked into it. They entered the building and looked around but couldn't find the bathroom. They decided to ask a cashier, but all cashiers were currently busy taking customer orders right now. So they just stood nearby and waited. Hunter shifted his weight slightly and squeezed his legs together periodically as Willow stood there with crossed legs. Willow glanced over at Hunter and noticed his desperation and then looked away in silence. They awkwardly avoided talking to each other as they were each fighting their own internal battle to keep their pants dry.

Finally, a cashier finished taking a customer's order and Willow rudely went up to them before the next customer could step in. The customer looked a bit disgruntled until Willow frantically asked the cashier, "Hi, where's you bathroom?" The customer noticed Willow's desperate state and realized that she wasn't trying to butt in front of them so they didn't look as disgruntled anymore.

The cashier replied, "Oh, it's actually the next building over, if you take that exit and then make a left around the back of the building, you'll find it."

"Kay, thanks bye!" Willow said as she was already halfway out the building.

Hunter followed her to the back of the building and was shocked to see such a long line at the women's room. Then he saw Willow at the back of the line doubled over with a hand jammed to her crotch. Willow saw Hunter coming over and quickly composed herself. "I, uh, have to pee, badly." Willow explained with a blush.

"Let me see if there's another bathroom nearby." Hunter stated. He crossed his legs as he checked his paper map. There was no line for the men's room. But he felt bad seeing Willow suffer like this. So he decided he would help her before taking his own much needed pee.

"There's another bathroom there. It looks like it's a 5 minute walk away," Hunter whispered to Willow. He didn't want the other women to follow them creating another line at the other bathroom if he could help it.

Willow looked over at the line in front of her. It was definitely gonna take her longer than 5 minutes to get her much needed relief if she stayed in line. If she stayed, she estimated that she would have to wait about 15 minutes. She grabbed her crotch and doubled over slightly as she contemplated her options.

"Ok, let's go to the other one. Lead the way!" Willow whispered back.

Hunter didn't account for the fact that Willow had to hobble and stop every so often to hold her crotch. Their 5 minute walk was going to take a bit longer. He felt his own bladder aching a lot more now. He also had to take his steps carefully to avoid jostling his bladder too much.

Their walk took them over a short bridge with running water underneath. When they were about halfway across the bridge, Hunter heard Willow gasp behind him. He turned around and looked over. Willow was doubled over with both hands jammed to her crotch. Her legs were tightly squeezing her hands into her crotch. Her face was all scrunched up. She was applying a lot of pressure.

"I- I just leaked," Willow admitted. She let out a whine and looked away after she said that. Her face was as red as Amity's was whenever Luz flirted with her.

Hunter felt a wave of desperation crash into him as his bladder reacted with a sympathy contraction after he observed how desperate Willow was.

His hand shot straight down to his crotch and he gave his dick a firm squeeze. He made it just in time to stop a leak, but he felt his urine touching the tip of his shaft. He felt a drop of urine enter his underwear.

"W- we're almost there!" Hunter reassured. "Just a few more steps."

Willow seemingly regained control and marched herself as best she could across the rest of the bridge. Hunter regained his composure and then followed along after her.

The restrooms were in sight and there was no line. Hunter and Willow's faces lit up as they approached the building.

But when they got closer, they saw why there was no line:

| ------------------------- |

| CLOSED FOR CLEANING |

| ------------------------- |

Was the big sign posted on the door of the women's bathroom.

"Nooooo!!!!" Willow exclaimed. After seeing the sign, she had to stand still, cross her legs, jam her hands to her crotch, then double over. In this position, she started shifting her weight back and forth and wiggling her bum around.

Hunter felt bad as he caught up with her. He didn't even notice that the men's room was open.

"Hunter... What do I do? I'm at my limit..." Willow whispered after she realized Hunter was right beside her. Hunter could see a bit of darkness on Willow's pants around where her hands were tightly gripping.

Knock knock knock

"Hello, is anyone in there? My friend really needs to go!" Hunter shouted at the door.

"Just a minute!" Came a response from inside.

"Urf, I don't think I can hold it for another minute," Willow whispered under her breath. She started to walk around to the back of the building when suddenly, the door to the women's room opened.

"She's all yours," the janitor said.

Willow bolted into the women's with her hands glued to her crotch.

Hunter sped hobbled into the men's room. As he walked up to a urinal, his bladder decided to prematurely leak some urine out.

"No no noooo" Hunter said to himself. He immediately removed his pants to see weak streams pulsing out of him landing on the floor below. He aimed his penis at the urinal and finally let it all out.

"Ahhhh," Hunter moaned. The full force of his pee stream was hitting the urinal so hard that a lot of urine was spraying back at him as a fine mist. So he stepped back little to get out of the splash zone.

After a minute and a half of emptying his bladder, Hunter finally finished and pulled his pants back up. That's when he realized his underwear felt damp. He looked down and saw wet streaks on his pants near the crotch area. Hunter blushed at the embarrassing reminder that he almost fully lost control.

He washed his hands and walked out. He stood in a discrete location where he would be able to see Willow exit the women's when she was done.

After what felt like 5 long minutes, Willow finally appeared and Hunter could see a damp patch the size of a basketball on the crotch of her pants, as well as wet streaks running down her legs. Then he looked at her face and it was beet red.

Willow noticed Hunter's fist sized damp patch on his pants and felt a bit less embarrassed as a result.

"Maybe it's time to call it a day and return home," Willow said. "I need a shower."

"Good idea, me too." Hunter replied.

###

By the time they walked back to Willow's car, taking a path that was as discreet as possible, their pee stained pants were now cold.

Hunter asked, "Should we put some towels on your seat before-"

"No it's fine, I'll take care of the cleanup later." Willow responded, abruptly interrupting Hunter.

They sat in the car in silence as Willow drove Hunter home. Both were too embarrassed about what had just happened to talk about it.

Even Hunter felt a bit uncomfortable at the cold damp sensation in his underwear now. He liked it better when it was warm and damp.

When they finally arrived at Hunter's place. Willow, with a deadpan face, looked dead straight in Hunter's eyes and stated, "This incident stays between us. Understand?" Her eyes were shooting daggers at him and her tone sounded threatening.

Hunter nodded meekly and whispered a quick, "Understood Captain."

Hunter looked away and walked to his room as he heard Willow driving off. Once he was in his room, he finally let out a breath he didn't know he was holding and said to himself, "Oh Titan, why did I think that was so hot?"

FIN

###

A/N: Thanks to mourn365 for beta reading this fic!

This story was inspired by real life events. Though I took many creative liberties to make it way more interesting lol.

*002*2024-07-29 00:33

{{11 hours ago, SodaBubbles said:

This was adorable!! (Like all your fics, lol)

What is up with Zoo’s and making people need to pee?? I swear, my bladder fills up every time.

}}

Thanks! Comments from readers like you are very encouraging and I love reading them! I like reading your fics too!

I think we tend to forget how much water is required just to keep the animals alive. And there's the aquatic animals that require huge amounts of water to recreate their natural environment. The sound of water running all throughout the zoo to maintain it causes our brains to want to pee more lol.

*005*2024-07-31 02:21

{{12 hours ago, Kid_Omo said:

Yes! You are feeding my Huntlow brainrot and I am here for it!

A good story. I feel like there's something building here. I look forward to how it develops (if you're planning to do more).

}}

I do intend to write more Huntlow omo stories (I still need to finish the roadtrip story). But unfortunately, the ending to this story was just meant to be humourous and I probably won't be expanding upon that lol.

*007*2024-08-05 07:12

{{On 7/31/2024 at 4:24 PM, psf93 said:

Can't wait for more Owl House stories!

}}

If you check out the "Content" portion of my profile, I mainly post TOH omorashi stories.

