Ai written Stores are crazy

Author: Glend

*000*2022-12-08 05:27

As the sun set over the city, Lucy and her partner, Max, made their way to the secluded park they had visited many times before. Lucy was feeling a little nervous, as she had agreed to try something new with Max tonight. She trusted him completely, but the thought of what they were about to do still made her anxious.

When they reached the park, Max led Lucy to a secluded area where they wouldn't be disturbed. He had brought a backpack with him, and he pulled out a pair of white cotton panties and handed them to Lucy. "Put these on," he said, his voice low and husky.

Lucy took the panties and slipped them on, feeling the soft fabric hug her skin. She looked at Max, and he smiled at her. "You look beautiful," he said, and Lucy felt a surge of desire.

Max reached into his backpack again and pulled out a small device that looked like a remote control. He handed it to Lucy and said, "This is a special device that I've been working on.

It's a remote-controlled vibrator, but it also has a built-in sensor that can detect when нou need to urinate. When the sensor goes off, the vibrator will start to vibrate, and the more you need to go, the stronger the vibrations will be."

Lucy's eyes widened as she realized what Max was saying. She was going to be in a situation where she would be unable to control her urge to urinate, and the vibrator would only make things worse. She felt a mixture of fear and excitement at the thought.

Max took Lucy's hand and led her to a secluded spot near a tree. He helped her lie down on a blanket and then positioned the vibrator inside her. "Are you ready?" he asked, his eyes shining with excitement.

Lucy nodded, her heart racing with anticipation. She felt the vibrator start to buzz inside her, and she knew that she would have to hold on as long as possible. She closed her eyes and tried to relax, but the feeling of needing to go was already building inside her.

As the minutes ticked by, the vibrations became stronger and stronger. Lucy tried to hold on, but she could feel the pressure in her bladder building. She knew she wouldn't be able to hold out much longer.

Just when she thought she couldn't take it anymore, she felt a warm, wet sensation between her legs as she wet her panties. She opened her eyes and saw Max looking at her with a mix of desire and pride. "You did it," he said, smiling.

Lucy felt a rush of relief and pleasure as she realized that she had fulfilled Max's fantasv.

She had given him the gift of seeing her in a vulnerable and helpless state, and it had been an incredibly intense and intimate experience for both of them.

As they lay there on the blanket, holding each other and catching their breath, Lucy knew that she had found a new and exciting way to explore her sexuality with Max. She couldn't wait to see what other adventures they would have together in the future.

$$

Spoiler

