Prince Philip and the forbidden spell book

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*000*2024-08-18 05:23

I didn't reference any actual royal and their doing, any similarities to any historical events are purely coincidental.

Any tags not involved in chapter 1 will come later

Chapter 1: prelude

Prince Philip is the third prince of Eldoria. He's not interested in taking the throne at all so his status is neutral like the king, seemingly noblest among his siblings. Everyone want to have connections with him since he's the safest route due to his neutral stance and close relationship with every siblings. Every one loves him, mostly cause his brilliant, kindness and as event holder for most major event. Making him the closest royal family to the people.

But maids in the castle knows. He's the most difficult to deal with since young age. Need all time attention and habit of suddenly very demanding. Rumor said there's no maid serving who haven't wet themselves.

The maids in the castle almost always have to hold their pee during work already especially maids who serve royalties. They would have their bladder full to the brim trying to serve their master with a straight face.

But prince Philip in particular have taken things a step further. The maids have no permission to use castle's toilet of course, the only bathroom available for their need are at the basement maid headquarter and the outhouses around the castle. Their bladder would fill throughout the day and only empties when they finished their work at the end of the day.

But prince Philip would sometime make them work extra and give them drinks as return, the tea for royal is a good price to work little more, especially when most of the time just doing easy task. But his interest maybe not the work.

The maids won't have time to eat or drink while working, that's what allow them to hold their bladder for the whole day without pissing themselves.

The tea he gave them was a trap. The water content of the tea allow the kidneys to expell more waste building up from dehydration, into their bladder. The maids who already desperate will become overwhelmed with excess urine in their bladder.

Forcing them to sneak out or ask prince Philip for permission to be dismissed. He will be playing "hide and seek" when someone is trying to find him, making it very hard to find him. And only appears when they can no longer have enough time to walk all the way to the bathroom. He will also call the maid who "dissapear".

The maids who doesn't have courage to ask him already would have to face him and hold their pee until they either can't or desperate enough to ask him.

This make the maids strain their bladder till the very last second stopping themselves from peeing on the castle carpet. And Philip would cover up when they failed to do so

Lily

Lily is the daughter of the head of maid. Philip have taken his interest on her. She would be helping her mom all the time and does a little potty dance when she have to pee.

She however isn't an actual maid so there is nothing stopping her from using the bathroom.

Though she needs her mother for that. Philip haven't directly refrain someone from using the bathroom and doesn't wanna seems mean. he gave Martha: Lily's mother and head maid permission everytime Lily ask for bathroom. And only hide sometimes to make her desperate

Philip start approaching her and talk with her sometime when he sees her. They start getting closer and Philip would invite her to his room.

Prince playing with maid's daughter doesn't seems appropriate, but who's exactly going to stop him?

They would play together a lot. Lily would get thirsty and Philip would order anything she likes. She would unknowingly accept it without second thought about their difference standing.

She moves a lot which create more lactic acids with would later break down into urea and end up being filter and flush down into her bladder with the tea she drinks. Her bladder would fill up a lot. Everytime she reach her limit Philip would call her mother to take her to the bathroom.

One time, Lily held her pee for too long while playing plus her mother arriving late than usual. Her bladder already overflowing when her mother arrived. She bunch her skirt between her legs but only to delay the inevitable fate. There is too much liquid in her bladder to even walk out his room.

Lily falls down, rock back and forth a little until she can't stop her pee from creating a puddle in the third prince room. Martha apologized profusely for her late arrival. But Philip just busy stare excitingly at Lily and the dampen carpet.

Later after the the incident, Philip allows Lily to use his chamber pot to relieve herself when she needs to since he wasn't actually using it. This allows Lily to talk and play with him more. Most of people don't agree with peasant girl expose herself in front of the third prince. But again, who exactly going to stop him?

Philip would tell Lily about the events and she would be very interested. Maids need to stay in castle, especially in the busy day of event. Without her mother, she could not go alone. This make her sit and listen to Philip for hours while in a little tea party of him. Lily.

After down many cups of black tea that known for containing diuretic substance Lily's bladder is full to the brim, ready to expell. The third prince still talking, she's very interested in the event and doesn't want to interrupt prince Philip speech. She hold her pee in longer. She rubs her legs together. She hold it for a while until she could no longer wait.

She wait for Philip to pause and immediately state her desperation, after waiting for a long time her bladder was so packed she could at max endure for only 2 minutes. Prince Philip this time however didn't call her mother and tells her to just use his chamber pot. She was surprised, shocking at how blunt guys can be. She request just call her mom but Philip pull out "I don't want you to leave". She doesn't want to disregard royal instruction and lost too much of her precious time processing his words, her bladder is going to burst any moment.

Lily agree to use the chamber pot. She bend down to reach under the bed table, where Philip keep his chamber pot. Her bladder was briefly compressed and a little pee seep out. She barely stop it, if it was more than just bend over her floodgates would have been broken. Not knowing how it's used she ask Philip, who just told her to pee in the hole. When she ask how could a girl achieve that he just show her how to put pp in the pot which doesn't help a girl one bit. Both of them never seen a body of the opposite gender before. So they doesn't understand each other physique.

Lily's bladder tick like a time bomb. Her patience is running out. She grit her teeth, puts the opening of the pot up her maid uniform skirt to the crotch of her briefs and ask the prince. Which excitedly nods, seeing what's under a girl's skirt for the very first time.

Lily shyly look away and ask for little privacy. The prince unfortunately can't peek further, turn his face to to window. His ear though, wide open, any noise from her is very welcome.

Lily can't afford time for second thought. she puts down the porcelain pot, slowly ascends her hands up her skirt. untying the knot holding her briefs up. Once losen she slide her hands under the side of her panties and pull it down along with her briefs, revealing her bright pink slit and butt. She feels the cold air on her delicate skin where it haven't been exposed since she dress up this morning.

She's exposing her genital in the third prince's room. She always burst out a stream after undressing since by the time she reaches the bathroom her bladder will already at its limit. But this time, she's in the present of royal member. It makes her nervous. But her patience is at its limit.

She squat down, leaking some into the carpet. She clench her pussy as hard as she can pick up the pot

Puts it up against her puffy lips between her thighs.

A moment of silence take place...

Her heart beats like crazy, her bladder throbbing for relief. Her pee pushing against the urethral sphincter demanding her floodgate to be open.

A brief moment later Philip hears a sound of urine hit the walls of the chamber pot and filling it up. Urine flow out Lily's urethra after she can't endure the urges anymore. A relief for her bladder after holding it for so long.

After she had been peeing for a while Lily felt a warm liquid at the bottom of her vulva. Her pee has reached the chamber pot opening, that's how much she has been holding.

Her bladder has been emptying to the point of barely feeling anything so she stops for the best. Her pee drenched her pussy, still dripping down at the bottom of her slit. Normal for maid, she just puts her underwear back on, stains her panties with urine.

Lily tied her briefs and inform Philip she has finished her relief. The prince turn back to her. Seeing her blush deep red and sweating. She move back and forth shyly while holding the pot which contains her pee to to brim.

The pot filled with hot urine still steaming into the cold air. The porcelain surface still warm to the touch and smelling black tea along with hint of urea. The prince is so delighted with her urine filled chamber pot he keep some of her pee in a vial and use the vial to make an amulet he still wears to this day.

Prince Philip never known before a girl body can produce a liquid this precious and taken a serious like to female pee ever since.

End

*001*2024-08-29 12:00

Chapter 2: the prom

When prince Philip at the age to find a partner. His dad, the king give him the east castle to him as a birthday gift and tell him to host a prom there and find his true love.

Philip see this as a good opportunity to make a holding contest happily takes the castle and his majesty guidance.

News about the Prom quickly spreads around the kingdom. It's time for many noble families to show their precious daughters in hope that the prince will like them.

On March 8th hundreds of noble families showed up to present their daughter to the second person with most influence in this kingdom.

Only the girls allowed through the gates as their personal maids are not permitted due to the prince's "safety"

The noble girls are instead given castle's butler as their personal assistant.

They are greeted with a speech from prince Philip. Regarding the reason they can't bring their maids in and the plan.

12am-3pm is greeting buffet and social time in the ball room. Nothing divides it, the buffet will be available till the end just if you're full, you can go talk to people

3pm-5pm will begin the manner test, first serious programs. There will be 2 room each for these test. Meal, Behavior, social and lastly Tea manner which Philip specifically order for it to be "special" black tea

6pm will be revealing of the result and farewell to those who didn't pass

7pm-9pm will be the dancing. Letting them dance on the floor with Philip watching. And may engage the dance with whoever peak his interest

10pm-12pm the remaining participants will be taken to the "special" eliminating test.

12pm to whenever the prince decides his partner(s)

Start

The participant are lead to the ball room. Where there're buffet of many kinds of salt and sugar rich food that only eat by royal and the richest of riches. There would also be tea and wine places conveniently every where.

The bathroom will be closed only for one for the prince. The west castle known by it's complex layouts and only one garden at the center make it the greatest place for holding contest

It's all a trap.

The ladies are delighted by the tasteful food they could not always experience.

The salt and sugar quickly dissolved into their bloodstream, making it thicken. Their brain would tell them to replenish the liquid content in their blood. They would grab the pee inducing liquids prepared and gulp it down until their thirst is quenched.

After water and caffeine enter their bloodstream. it would allow their kidneys to filter the build up salt and sugar down their bladder, filling it up.

With the amount of food they consumed. Their kidneys need to filter a lot of those flavorings out, their bladder would fill up very fast.

Not so long after the prom became the biggest holding contest ever held in the kingdom. The most girls are noble who wouldn't plan much. They just know when they need to pee. No plans to stop eating or drinking, not knowing it would make them need to pee.

An hour after. most of them start to feel the urge to pee, having their bladder expand to some degree. Years after years of manner school and being a noble taught them to keep it to and inside themselves.

The noble school

The school established by noble, run by noble, for noble. Other than basic knowledge, the curriculum revolved around how to behave like a noble. They don't show their self desire. Being kind, considerate, selfless and humble around those with higher rank.

They also taught to keep their needs to themselves. Guys and girls would need to suppress themselves. Keeping in any emotion and be like a noble. No complaining can be heard from any of the students or they are considered failed to behave.

This of course includes request as it would imply the host haven't provided them enough, and if the host is higher up in rank it flipped into them being greedy, cause they cannot be judged wrong by a lower class.

Hungry? Is it because they don't provide enough food, or are you being gluttonous? It's purely judged by your ranking.

This would also apply to urination.

Parents would teach their kids to hold from young age until they finish preschool and after that, there will be consequences.

With this nobles would be taught to hold their pee in since the very young age.

Grown up the high school would be split by gender.

Boys go to sword training or management etc. Not really that I care to yap about

More I'm focus about is the girls. They will be either be marry or enroll in the manner school. Hoping to be a good marriage candidate to a powerful family or even royal themselves by their family.

Considerd they attend this school, they must have hope for marrying the highest class of noble. the girls must be able to go through their ceremony and event without making a fools of themselves.

They would need to attend a strict manner lesson and behave like there're taught.

There will be no bathroom in the school. If you want to be able to attend the even and ceremony of those most elegant people. You must be able to hold your pee for longest of time, not showing any weakness and self needs.

Causing them to strain their reservoir for all day with desperate, crushing need to let their urine out.

Tea manner and tea party lesson are taboos among ladies.

If having to keep large amout of pee inside their delicate bladder for all day long isn't enough. There's a lesson where you're forced to chuck down countless cups of teas to further inducing your urge to release.

Good for the ladies who can keep it in all day long but Many girls would find this holding impossibly hard. Most of their bladder aren't even physically able to hold that much urine inside them.

Leading to various techniques to not wet themselves.

Some would but extra layers inside their underwear but cotton and fur are banned

Some would hide pig bladder on their thigh to relieve themselves when the emergency comes

Some would blatantly just take a piss in secret. Nothing is stopping them from doing that, just if they're caught in action, it would lead to deduction on their point greater than peeing themselves 5 times over. Even with that it's still mostly a great tactic, 9 of 10 times they don't even get caught.

Some curious ladies who find where pee coming out from might find something to "secure" the opening, not allowing their pee to cone out. But this sometime backfires horribly.

They are nobles and nobles doesn't mess around with their genitals. Of course, The teacher wouldn't check their student's pussy like a normal thing to do every morning. But if they got suspicious...

When their bladder reaches its limit like it's unable to hold any more urine. Unlike normal students who can slowly let it out until they wet their skirt enough to bee seen or wet themselves trying to control the feathering. They are unable to reduce the pressure inside their bladder. Forcing them to take out the thing blocking their opening, which would require their hand to access their crotch. A thing they can't do publicly.

When their bladder is going to explode in the middle of the class. They have 2 options let their bladder expands to its very limit and burst inside their stomach or try to take out the thing blocking their urethra secretly risking deduction on their points even more than caught peeing in the garden.

Almost all girl can't even take the feelings of their bladder close to explosion. So they go with the latter option. Reaching under their long skirt or try to pull the thing out through their clothing or even straight up run out the room to avoid embarrassment.

But most of the time, the normal approach. They just excuse themselves out with their maids to find a secret place to urinate in a pot and let their maid get rid of the urine. This would lead to little deduction of their points.

But this is exactly the actual reason why the prince doesn't allow their maids inside.

So they would be unable to pee.

No matter how much they want, they can't relieve themselves without the company of their trusty personal maid.

Asking the castle's butler to hold a pot under their skirt pee in it and let them take care of the urine? Inside the castle? No way! They rather pee themselves.

The participant's bladder fills up. The girls with small bladder or drink way too much is the first to go.

They would ask their butler where's the bathroom only to be met with the thing they feared, it's an even without bathroom.

The future queen must be able to hold their pee extensively long so if they can't even last 3 hours it's an out. To their horror, they can't release what's already filled.

The ladies would hold their pee despite the effort being useless. If they already have to pee an hour in, they couldn't possibly hold it to the end.

But they can't just leave the ball room and call it a day. They have to at least finish this first. So the holding contest began.

Some of the girl have their bladder full already. Unable to urinate, they have to find a way out.

If only they could pee in the ball room, many girl unable to endure the pressure. Would try to release their urine in some way. Either slowly leak their pee out and let them dry and repeat or by urinating somehow.

Some of them go into the corner with a cup, hoping to release their pee in them. Until their butler reminds them it's unlady like.

Force them to do nothing but hold their pee until their bladder can't fit much more. When they succumb to their urge. Wetting themselves uncontrollably.

60 participant's were unqualified by the end of this round and leave many more at their limit.

The manner test

After the participants are done resting from their long travel from every part of the kingdom. They are divided into 4 groups for each type of test.

Normal Group:

Manner in every day to day life, from their way of walking, sitting, standing or even relieving themselves. They are given a cup of tea and instruct to urinate in it.

This would be a total humiliation if it wasn't that the girl actually want to do it. a heaven for most girl. Many many girl were saved by this test by allowing them to delay their wetting. Though once in a while there are ladies who have been holding for too long and unable to stop.

Social group:

Manner in event or situation involving guests. Their posture, their ways of talking. What to wear from their head to toes. Even what to wear under their skirt in specific situations.

The participant were task to wear different kinds of clothing. But there's one specific piece that give the a really hard time.

A belt, which the tighter they can wear the more points they get. But most of them were unable to get a good score. normally it's about their physique. But this time, it's about their bladder.

Meal group:

This group is about eliminating the girl who eats too much previously. If they eat so much meal in the ball room they can't eat in this test, they're out.

This also put more pressure in their stomach if it's relevant at all

Tea group:

The main focus of Philip. The girl are task to drink different types of teas correctly. And that made them drink a lot of liquid. Fueling their kidneys to further fills their full bladder.

Because it's just drinking different kinds of tea it takes less time than any other test. They are allowed to "visit the garden" after they done drinking 8 different kinds of tea.

They would come to the garden. With most of them with their bladder near the edge. Thinking they could maybe unleash some out. But little did they know. Philip is sitting in the middle of the garden.

Some of them already at their limit squatting without noticing his presence. They would be met with the cough of the butler. Forcing them to hold it in.

These test eliminates 110 participant. Noted that some of them wet themselves from the pee holding since the buffet. And the tea didn't start effecting them in the duration of the test

Test results reveal and farewell

The are gather in the front yard of the castle. Where a butler slowly recite the name of those who passed to allow them in the now cleaned ballroom.

There's nothing much, just the butler reciting name and the unlisted to wait for their cart home.

The real deal is inside the ballroom. Where The participant who passed are gathered inside.

The 8 cups of tea would already taken effect by now and bombards the girls bladder with lots and lots of pee. Making them incredibly desperate.

But they just passed, they can't lose yet. Ladies who have full bladder holding with their determination. Even if their bladder is ready to burst out. Hoping to be able to pee sometime soon

Preparation

Prince Philip enters through the front door and walk through the crowd to his throne. Before dismissing everyone to prepare for the prom.

Their eyes sparkles, will they finally be able to pee?

The girls straining their entire urinary track, walking after their personal butler. Try to walk as elegantly as possible while trying not to pee in an instant.

Despite having 343 participants left, the castle still have room for every of them. That's how big it is.

They are escorted to their room. Where their butler wait outside. Inside is a maid waiting for them.

Inside they are greeted by the maid introducing herself. The maid would ask them to undress to change for the prom.

The ladies having more comfort of a maid, undressing down to their soaked underwear, whether it be a brief or panties. But the maid would say to actually strip naked.

Unable to resist, The noble girls are stripped down to their skin. Revealing their bare breast and their mostly pee soaked pussy.

That's where Philip order the maids to examine their bursting bladder right there and then.

Before giving them the dress tochage. The maids would start examine the bulge on their ladies lower stomach. Patting, rubbing and pushing on their stomach. Making the girls noble experience incredible pressure on their bladder being increased. Most of them unable to resist and leak on the spot despite all their efforts.

Finally after the maid been messing with their bladder for so long. If their bladder are too close to bursting they will be given a cup to relieve their pee in.

The girl are saved, with that much tea. Most of them are going to wet themselves even before the prom. The cup aren't even small, it's generously big compare to normal tea cup. If done right, it could contain 234±10(viscosity) ml of pee if done perfectly. That like 30% of bladder for most of them.

Despite some girl able to pee so much it's brimming over the cup, the maids show their incredible skill by handling the cup to the disposal without any spill.

Then the participant's are given their secondary clothes for the prom.

###

They are escorted back to the ballroom that's now full of light, decoration and a band to play the music.

The prince announces the start of the prom.

Without their bladder literally going to explode, they are able to dance and sing along with the music.

The girls starts dancing with various style. Like a happy event in town he holds. Philip would observe them dancing.

Sometimes later when the tea that's still inside the ladies system fill their bladder back up. It's time for him to have fun.

Helen

A middle rank noble, daughter of Demarcus family. She's pretty determined to bring pride to her family. She didn't have so much meal or drinks in the buffet so her bladder is pretty much fine. The tea test However threw her off so badly.

It make she need to pee, but not enough to convince the maid to let her. Her bladder was left fuller than most participant. Dispite this, she still dance beautifully, capturing the crowd's eyes and even the prince himself.

He sensed desperation in her motion and immediately stand from his throne, walking down to her.

Helen sees the prince holding his hand out for her, it makes her eyes sparkles of joy. Her dream become closer than ever. She happily accept his invitation. Dancing with him in the middle of the room.

But happy time doesn't last that long. When she spread her legs out, her bladder reminds her that she's going to wet herself.

She grit her teeth and ignored it. Opportunity like this only comes once in a lifetime. Even if her bladder threaten to leak she's still giving her best. Dancing in the center of the crowd, keeping those gaze on her.

Dancing was always the thing she does best. If she isn't going to win. She'll be remember.

Even Philip himself find this enjoying, sure most of it because Helen is going to lose it anytime soon. But her dance is mesmerizing to some degree.

Helen shine the brightest that night. and like most star, she didn't last very long. And here comes the explosion.

Her bladder reaches its limit... well it did 10 minutes ago, but this time, it's the limit limit. Her entire urinary track cannot fit a single drop more. Her urethra forcefully open, letting her urine out while she's revolving around Philip.

She wishes she had more time, she wishes she have time to run or make an excuse. she tries to stop or delay it just a little. But she went too far. Her bladder would literally explode if she does that.

"I'm sorry, prince Philip" after that, her urine pour out of her , drenching her panties in no time, and that's the only thing she wears under her dress.

Hot pee rains down on the carpet around her as she slow down, the yellow light from the chandelier reflects on her pee. Making it like as if there's a golden sparkle around her and Philip.

She came to a stop and start having weak limbs. Her pee continued flowing out, making a sound hitting the carpet and form a growing patch of wetness under her.

Philip's heart race a little, it's been a while since someone wet themselves this close to him.

After like 5 seconds later, Helen is able to stop her pee, Her bladder still full to bursting. The estimated 120 ml on the floor was purely Helen trying her best to keep her overfilled bladder from leaking. She's able to hold that much pass her limit.

Helen keep her balance, not falling to the floor. Her hand still holding Philip's. Her legs shaking trying to clench her pee inside, though not anyone can see it with her long dress covering. But Philip definitely feel it.

The guards know what they're task to do, two nearest guards come marching to Helen, who have wet herself and make her unqualified.

Helen know this well. she lets go of Philip's hand and accept her fate. However Philip didn't just let her go. He puts his hand on his insignia on his left chest only to be stopped by several people because that'll defeat the whole point of this prom, choosing the person he'll marry early.

Philip composed himself and gave her his golden botton instead. This is the way royal use to have guards know someone is being accepted by them. Originally Philip's great great grandfather was saved by an archer, by that time he was out hunting and did not have his royal insignia with him. So he gave the archer the button on his shirt instead. After that golden button turned into a way to respect people.

Unlike his great great grandfather, Philip did not pull it out from his shirt and instead have 2 spare one to give.

Though not so epic like the original, Helen is so surprise and happy at his action. She literally radiate happiness from her face. Philip smiled back as the guards escorted her to out the ballroom.

Of course everyone is gonna be confused with this whole event happening. Until the prince went up to sit on his throne again. Everyone resume to their normal state. Dancing girls go dancing, talking girls go talking and the girls holding their pee continue keeping it inside. After that the prince dance with some girls but nothing really happened much

Helen was able to hold it back home and empties her long filled bladder.

Elimination

After the prom over, most of the participant are unable to contain their bladder due to the tea's diuretic effect and there's 102 left with most of them barely able to hold it in.

They're escorted to another room, this time it's a full blown holding contest. There're many devices to make their holding so much harder than it already is.

The butler wait outside and the door shut, There're only girls in this room now. The maids tell them to undress down to their underwear. The girls comply and strips their clothes off, reaveal their body and in this case, the bulge on their lower stomach.

Their bladder are to be measured, the maids again mess with their bladder. With this much diuretics and time. None of them have a flat stomach, the bulge varies in sizes but they're definitely there. Some of them unable to stop their urine from overflowing after their bladder been pushed, 23 was eliminated.

79 participant left whose bladder still have some room left, the first thing after was every girl are to be squeeze on their bladder until they leaked. if they're able to stop themselves from completely bursting, they pass. Luckily no one was eliminated. Then they made to wear belt that squeeze them as much to keep their bladder bursting.

Second was stretching. They are task to perform 12 different poses and hold for 10 seconds. the poses are either make them spread their legs or put more pressure on their bladder. With their bladder squish to its limit and some more pressure being applied, 30 was eliminated by peeing themselves uncontrollably.

Third was delaying their bursting. The maids tighter their belt enough to almost make them pee. They're instructed to not leak any drop for 10 seconds. After that being said the maids slowly tighten more and more. The girls are forced to clench their best fighting with their bladder. 17 was eliminated. Most of them squirt their pee out out of pressure before 10 seconds.

35 girls are told to take of their underwear. Their belt are taken out, their ladies part are washed to be ready for the next test.

They have warm water rinsing through their body. Most of the ladies gave up to their desire after their body met warm water. A tub below them able the maids to tell who has peed.

After that only 5 of them are left. The final test is endurance. They sir in a tray of warm water containing special substance that reacts and turns purple when contact with urea. Any leak, seep, squirt and flow is an out. The remaining 5 are forced to hold it in until there's 1 left.

They're all from big families of the kingdom. Raised to be the perfect for a wife. Their bladder is very big compare to other nobles not to mention average person. But There're limits. With every technique they could do they hold their urine inside their overflowing bladder, until first one fails

Her bladder really needed that little relief, it spasms out of stress and caused her to leak. She was able to hold the rest in just fine but why? She cursed her bladder for being impatient.

Another follows her by similar reason, her bladder feels like solid. She was just gonna move a little but as soon as her legs move, the entire tray turn purple. She gushes enough pee to fill the tray in just a second she used to move her legs.

The third girls was unable to endure the overwhelming urge and peed on the spot, lots and lots of pee came flowing out her pussy, down her tray and on the floor. She emptied herself on that spot. The maids were surprised by her volume. It stained the carpet and created a patch of wetness measured 5 meter in diameter.

Two last competitors however, stay in a stalemate for half an hour before one loss her patience. Her pee shoot out on its own. The first shot she gushes so far it reaches the other side of the room. Then came the second gush, her hips shoot up and make sprayed her pee into the air and raining down. But nothing else, she keep her composure and let herself be escorted out.

The last survivor has been revealed. The maids dry her crotch and legs, gave her a new dress and escort her through the hallway.

Venescia Falcon

First daughter of the count Falcon, the 3 main family of the kingdom beside the royal family itself.

She was actually trained to be the wife of Luke, the first prince of the kingdom. But due to many many politics. Her father decided it was too dangerous for his daughter to marry him.

She showed perfect so far, while most was leaking out of desperation. Venescia have leaked only once when the maids squeeze her bladder to its limit. She only eat and drinks for the ceremonial sake. She drink full 8 cups of tea and score perfectly.

Even in this moment, where her bladder is going to explode she's still maintains her calm... at least on the outside. She really need to pee and she knows that. Dispite her inner angel and demon monologs literally joins together and tell her to pee, Her ladies part remains dry.

She feels like balancing a brimming cup of tea on her head. Luckily she was trained to do that as well. Her walk is perfect, not because she want to appear so, but because if she misses she will wet herself uncontrollably.

Venescia reaches the prince's room, inside there are prince Philip himself and a maid. The maids escorting her excuse themselves after their job has been done, leaving only her, the prince and his maid.

Philip tell her to take a seat on the chair he has prepared, Weirdly there're two.

"As you wish your highness" Venescia speak to him and sit.

"Please don't put your highness after my name, you passed the test and you earn that"

After that Philip take no time and introduce Lily, the girl he like. Yep, the prince is in love with his maid, because she pees cutely. Lily doesn't notice a thing tho. This seems so wrong, but just let it be for now.

After introduction, Philip tells Lily to sit in the other chair and let the final round begins.

Venescia confused by his behavior but he's the prince, and she doesn't want to mess up the first impressions.

She introduced herself and Philip smiled back. "I know, let's discuss about something shall we"

"Understand, your high-... forgive my rudeness. I mean prince Philip" venescia fell into a panic deep inside her mind, she's so nervous and anxious talking to a royal and 50% of her brain is now entirely dedicated to process her urge to urinate.

Seeing something inside her Philip interest has been awakened. He thought she didn't have to pee that much but after seeing hints in her body language, He start to talk more excitedly.

She was actually bursting, just hiding it very good. He says about lot of stuff to distract her. And she's responding well.

Despite needing to use the bathroom really bad, Venescia is unable to say anything about it. She try to keep calm but it's too much to handle. She's going to lost to her urge.

"I want you to compete containing your urine against Lily to prove how much effort you're willing to put in to be my wife" such a words from the prince, actually Philip just want to see them hold pee together.

Venescia is about to pee herself but so is Lily. It's pretty fair actually. Lily also have her bladder full for a long time now.

She didn't attend the buffet since of course, she's not one of the participant. But she did drank as much as any girls when she was in the garden with Philip, she gas like 12 jasmine tea while talking with him. To be fair, before the prom she have to ask Philip for a pot because she was starting to wet herself, but she didn't peed in the afternoon ,so it all the same as any girl. She's at her limit also.

They sit and talk about general things where Lily could engage in the conversation. Some time later both of the girls were silent. They need to focus on their bladder or their pee will gush out in no time.

Venescia doesn't want to be rude but this is too much liquid in her body. She started to flinch, she barely keep her calmness. She sweat a lot in her body effort to reduce urine being produce into her bladder. She turn to the other chair to see Lily who doesn't keep her look

Lily is clutching her crotch with her hands. Her body tilted forward and rubs her leg together, Venescia envy Lily for such honesty to herself.

Not so long after their bladder reaches its limit. It can only hold this much and need to be relieved immediately. Venescia thought she could delay it but an attempt make her feels the death's hand stroke pass her full bladder. She leaked. Ao little it doesn't even damp her panties but she definitely needed that.

Venescia lost her cool and squeeze her thighs together, she pants as she leak a little and little. Both Lily and Venescia are holding too much pee it's quite dangerous now.

Philip watches a little more to confirm, their bladder is gonna burst soon but no one is willing to give up. "That's enough two of you"

Both girl look up at him, they've been keeping their urine in for too long it starts to become torture rather than desperation. Philip stop the competition before someone rupture their bladder. He allow both girl to use the toilet in the castle.

They look somewhat relieved but they still sitting. They have to pee very bad it might come out in because of sudden movements. Both of them slowly lift their butt up from the chair, standing and clutching their hands on their crotch to stop their pee.

Philip escort Venescia and Lily to the nearest bathroom. Where they stare at eachother and telepathic decide who's going first. With their bladder brimming, the decision is made in mere seconds. Venescia rush in.

The door is closed, Philip hear Venescia frantically removing anything blocking her pee way while she's leaking. Philip can hear the sound of her pee dropping on the floor. After Venescia finally able to sit on the toilet with her butt. She didn't let go. "I'm going to urinate, May I?"

"You are excused, You don't have to ask that really" As soon as Philip finishes his sentence, he hears some dripping turn into a water fall.

Venescia relaxes her sphincter, allowing her pee to pass, her pee get stronger the longer she let it out. A trickle turn into torrents of golden liquid falling down into the complex railing system that guide her long held urine down the castle into the river.

Because she have liters of pee in her Venescia keep peeing for very long. So long Lily can't wait. Lily is unable to fit anymore urine into her bladder, she's leaking. Lily can't endure her urge anymore. At first she let some out but her bladder don't stop squeezing, she cry out for help.

Philip wanted to tease her really bad but he still keep his look. He pull out a chamber pot for Lily to contain her overflowing pee. Lily takes the pot with happy face. But when she tried to bend down to take off her under a big spurt comes out to remind her how full she is. Lily can do nothing but hold it in with best of her ability

She have tears on the corner of her eyes, she's in agony to pass her urine. The sound of Venescia's waterfall still as clear as the moment it starts. Philip ask if he could help her, Lily Nods.

The prince crouch down on the front of his maid. Philip use both of his grand to feel up Lily's legs to the top of her drenched briefs, he was able to feel wetness on her skin with his hand. He tug her briefs down but it didn't come out. She spurt out some pee because the string on her briefs tugged her bladder.

"Please don't tug it down, I can't handle the pressure" Philip need to untie the strings first before pulling her underwear down. He can't really see so Philip have to go under her skirt. Lily is so embarrassed but she doesn't have patience to think. She need to let her pee out before her bladder become a wreck.

Philip successfully untied the string and pulled her briefs down. The crotch was drenched in Lily's warm pee. Now on to her panties.

Due to it being extremely wet, he is able to see the pinkish skin that lies underneath. His thing poke up. Luckily he's kneeling so she wouldn't notice.

Lily is basically overflowing right now. Her pee seep out more and more. If Philip doesn't take her panties off she's gonna pee in seconds now.

Lily bites her lips as her panties getting pull down, her urethra starts to have some pee streams out of it. But when her panties is down Venescia came out.

Lily lost her control and burst her pee onto prince Philip's face. She tried her best to stop but there's no way. Her bladder slowly empty on his hand and body that's in front of her.

Venescia came out early so Lily could use the bathroom, but it seems that she's too late. She's met with the sight of the price kneel down in front of Lily, getting sprayed by her pee while he is holding her panties. Both of them look at Venescia. They all blush, embarrassed by this whole situation.

"A-Ah ah" Lily make some noise to ease the urge she's experiencing and bring Philip attention back. Dispite her peeing all over him she's doing her best to hold it in and she's doing a good job. If she didn't hold back, he would be considered drowning instead of wet.

Philip let go of her panties and grab the chamber pot. He closes his eyes and guide it up along her leg until it reaches something. Lily feel the edge of the pot squish between her lips. She moans under her breath, her lower part sensitive because of her full bladder.

"P-Philip to the right..." Venescia is even more confused. Lily, a maid, calling her master, a royalty by just his first name.

Philip move the chamber pot to the right, for a moment the edge of the pot push her lips along with it opening her delicate part no one ever seen. No one see it since Philip is closing his eyes and Venescia can't see under her skirt.

When the chamber pot is in the middle between her legs. Her vulva spring back to its place. Philip secure the pot on her crotch area. She is now ready to go.

Lily losen her sphincter, allowing her pee to flow out without much resistance. Her bladder rapidly empties its content. Philip can hear her huffing and panting out of relief. The pot becomes heavier and heavier as Lily transfer her bladder contents into it. And then, it's full.

Lily shut off her flow, holding the rest in. She exhaled.

Philip is drenched in Lily's bladder attempt to save it self. The liquid she expelled was golden and smell of jasmine with a hint of urea ,He is in the mixed emotions of confusion and joy. His face only show his confusion so the girls were worried.

Lily just peed on the prince's face and Venescia is the person causing her to do so. They gulp, wanting to explain but if they just say it, it will be rude not listening to the prince first. They gulped, waiting for Philip to say something.

Philip take sometime to process. before he spill the most confusing words to the girls.

"I-I think it's smell nice... it's kinda warm too" Lily blushes, she take notice her pee smell a whole lot like things she drinks but she's surprise the prince decide to bring this up.

"This whole situation is my fault, you guys are pardoned" Philip gain his composure and bring them back to their sense using a hint of his position.

The girls thank for his kindness and followed him back to his room where he ask for time to think

Bonus

After the Her and Venescia are dismissed, Lily is so frustrated at her inability to hold her pee and let herself leak on Philip. She take her frustration to her bladder and decide she would punish it by not peeing. She already have pee left over from the incident so she keep holding it.

She came home and eat dinner while holding it in. She even make it pass shower and to her bed. Where her bladder reaches it's limit. She get in the bed with anger on her failure of an organ, It literally have one job. She can't sleep with so much pee in but she is so angry at it she doesn't want her bladder to be able too be relieved.

She keep holding and hold until her bladder almost burst. She block her urethra to torture it even more, but at some point she's feels so desperate she ended up wets her bed.

End

*002*2024-09-28 18:33

55The chapters are not in order with the story, they're just what I want to write at the moment so it'll not be linear.

Chapter 3 can't undo the knot

Before the event of chapter 2. When Philip and Lily are still in the royal castle, after witnessing a girl relieving herself in front of him. Philip would invite his beloved maid and childhood friend Lily to the tea party in his room everyday, talking about various events he had held and the well being of Eldora's citizens. Each day with different brew of tea.

The girl who had always lived in the castle will listen to the prince and be excited everytime she learns new things about the outside world. She can talk with him for a whole day without being bored, however her body can't.

The tea party has always been the prince's plan, fill her up with fragrant tea and let it run through her body. Every time she would drink the tea of different smells Philip gives her with smile, admiring the generosity of his highness for such humble maid.

The dozens cups of tea would be absorbed into her bloodstream and be filtered through her kidneys, letting the waste product of her body and excess water into the ureter. But not just that, her kidney unique selective tissue also allow the aromatic in the tea to pass into the next part of her urinary system. Joining the hot golden pool of urine in her bladder is the fragrant smell of Philip's choice, making a unique aroma pee.

Today's tea was jasmine.

With the amount she drank, the tea would fill her little bladder up in no time. But even with her personal need pressing, she's still talking happily with the young prince. Her mom taught her to be polite and patient, plus the interesting topic make her decide to hold her pee in.

But not so long after, her bladder would be full. The desire to empty herself rises. While talking to Philip with smile she secretly hold her big pool of urine in. But as her destruder muscle stretch, her actions becomes obvious to the prince she want to use the bathroom.

Lily isn't good at hiding it, always fidgeting in the time of emergency, keeping her hands on her lap in case some leaks out. Philip want to see her use the chamber pot again, so he play oblivious to the sign. Making Lily continues her holding

Each minute pass the desperation in her lower abdomen grows, telling her it's time to visit the ladies room. But she was too shy to tell a boy that she needs to pee. In her mind it's basically tell him she want to go into a private room, undo her underwear and let a hot steaming liquid runs out her ladies part. That's so embarrassing she rather hold it in!

But as Lily's continues, each second passes make her want to release this pressure more and more it's starting to outweighs her shyness.

Then It came to the point she can't hold it in anymore and finally make her tell Philip she wants to pee. However, by the time she get desperate enough to tell him it was already impossible for her to make it to the toilet.

When Lily stand up, it make her realized she was way too slow. She feel like there's a balloon full of piss inside her and there was, her bladder stretching big as her limit approach.

Seeing Lily at her limit, the prince again tell her to empty her bladder into the chamber pot, Despite her dire condition she still hesitate. Embarrassed about the present of royalty in this room who's going to hear and smell her relieving herself. But knowing clenching isn't gonna work anymore she blushes and except her fate, she choose to not wet herself.

Lily shyly bend down to reach the pot under the bed, bracing her bladder for the compression this time that she knows it's gonna squeeze her full bladder. Luckily she got the treasure with her panties still completely dry. Then she turn to the price watching her with her hand briefly pressing on her crotch, giving herself sense of security from the pee that threatening to burst out

"Prince Philip, please don't look..."

That sentence said, Philip turn away. Giving her some privacy.

Lily began taking off her underwear in desperation, clearing the way for her pee to come out.

But then, something happened. She pull on the string of the knot securing her brief but it doesn't come off lose. In fact, it tightens, squeezing her bladder. She let out a little girly "ahh!" ...it made Philip surprises.

"What's wrong?" Said the prince

Lily reply with nothing but groans. Trying hard to free herself from the knot, she use both her hand to go under her uniform skirt and feel the knot. It's not the same, she always tie the bunny knot because when needs to pee, she need to be able to pull it lose quickly before she wet herself. But this time she must've tied it wrong somewhere and make it impossible to take off.

She try her best to untie it but the chances she makes it are low. Her pee already at the tip of her urethra, waiting to be expelled. Philip hears her frantically doing something with her clothes he ask with the best of intentions "Are you okay, Lily?". She was not, a spurt came out as her bladder overflow with her waste and flowery tea.

The desperation make her shout "I can't take off my briefs!" Despite it being very embarrassing. she is embarrassed but she does need any help she can find before her bladder gives up.

"Can I help?" Young prince offer his help. Lily is going to wet herself any time soon, desperately agree for him to help her from this feeling of her bladder being stretched by her long held pee.

"Lily, go sit on the bed" Philip turn back and said to her, Lily is a little scared but she does as he said and went sit on the bed.

The prince walks in front of her, grab her shoulder and push her lying down. The two know nothing about sex and still believes baby comes from swan delivers. Despite being this innocent both of them still feel something, Lily blushes ready for what to comes, Philip look into her eyes with predatory looks.

"Philip... I need to pee..."

If Lily wasn't about to pee herself, things would have escalated. The movements of desperation in her legs distracted them. Philip back down and stop pushing on her shoulder.

Lily continues to lay down on the bed seemingly submissive but actually she's embarrassed with her life laying on the prince's bed, but there's less pressure on her bladder this way.

Philip flustered with the sight of her brief, which crotch has no bump nor fold to indicate a mass on her private area. He begins untying the knot just so close to Lily's secret place, she barely hold herself together.

Both of them filled with unfamiliar feeling on their chest... and their genitals, Awakened by the emergency of Lily's bladder. Her bladder stretched big exerting pressure on her uterus, making her whole body very sensitive especially her crotch. Philip is equally on the edge, seeing his best friend lie sweating on his bed letting out lewd noises as her bladder inflate with tea.

Philip begins to randomly pull on the strings, finding which is which. And look close to her crotch area. Lily wish she didn't think about it but her sensitive skin noticed his warm breath landing on her lower stomach.

Lily continues to hold her overflowing bladder, Time passed but Philip still can't get it out. Lily start to be unable to keep it in, Her bladder fighting back by contracting. She tried her best to clench her urethra, but when she fight back the urge to pee sky rocketed. She don't know how many seconds left until she burst.

Her bladder was packed, its muscles stretched so much it's start to tear in microscopic level. To protect itself, her bladder spasmed, pushing wave of pressure into her urethra. The action overwhelmed Lily by the desire to relieve her pee.

Out of sheer desperation Lily losen her sphincter and let the golden liquid seep through the little gap she allow it to pass. Her panties start dampen and dampen as more urine comes out, it's start to flow down onto her butt. Afraid it's gonna show on her briefs she stopped, holding it in once more.

Philip start smelling Jasmine tea along with urea from her crotch, making him knows she peed. Philip speed up, He uses his teeth to pull on the knot, hoping it round becomes loose and it does, the knot loosen and he was able to untie it. Now he's fighting with demon and angel in his head. Should he tell Lily and let her desperately pee into the chamber pot? Or should he keep pretending to still trying until the maid pee herself?

His decision takes too long, Lily gave in to desperation and let another spurt out her pee hole. She's too shy to tell the price to hurry but the wet yellow patch on her white briefs tell everything. Her leg shaking like crazy, trying to hold her overflowing pee.

Philip can smell the aroma of jasmine tea from the wet patch. He was compelled to touch it. When his finger touch the patch she let out a lewd noises, his fingers are touching her pussy. She let out another spurt, trying not to make it big but it came out anyway. She is gonna wet herself any time soon.

Seeing his best friends leaking more and more, Philip decide to mercy her bladder and tell her he's done before reaching his hand up to pull her briefs down.

"HYah!?" The girl quickly grabbed her crotch, securing her underwear from being undone. Her bladder is about to explode but she's unwilling to let her ladies part be seen she hold her crotch. Philip look at her in confusion not understand the ladie's desire of privacy. He pulled out her briefs. For a short moment he saw her panties and the pink skin under it revealed by the damp patch.

It's not a pp(of course). Philip is filled with curiosity advance on top of Lily. Looking at her hand covering the cleavage.

Lily flused red. her bladder was too full to contain anymore liquid, sending the final announcement to the brain, Then the muscle start contracting. Lily can't take it anymore and let her bladder bursting its contents out onto the bed.

Philip get hit with an intense scent of Jasmin, he look at Lily's crotch. The fabric under it become drenched with yellow tea brew from her body and simmer in her bladder. It was good, the mixture of aroma and urea goes surprisingly well together. Lily's hip jolt up and down as her overfilled bladder release. The pee came out steaming and flowing everywhere on Philip's bed.

Rather than getting angry he smiled, overjoyed with the sight of Lily peeing. Unbothered about the mess it's becoming since he isn't gonna be the one clean it up anyway. Philip continues watching his maid in awe until it stopped.

Lily regain her control and get up from the embarrassing pose. Her hand still cover her private part, She blushes and ask for the chamber pot to let the rest in.

Philip snaped back from his world of imagination, confused but after a moment his brain start working again. He grabed it and hand the pot to her. Both of them look at each other flushing red. Lily wait fidgeting for a while before asking Philip to turn away.

As soon as Philip face his back at her, Lily quickly pull her panties to the side and bring to opening up close to her pee hole. She was so desperate when the cold ceramic surface touches her vulva, she didn't hesitate to let her pee out.

Her pee came out bursting from the little opening just above her vagina into the container with full force. She empties herself while breathing heavily because of how relieved she feels peeing after holding it in for so long. She keep peeing, her bladder start deflating into its original shape.

Philip hears the liquid slowly fill the pot up until it stopped just right before it overflows. Lily is saved, the pot is filled to near the top and her bladder is emptied. She has finished peeing. But the yellow patch she has created still presents. She is super embarrassed about the mess she has made, she apologizes profusely but the prince is not bothered at all.

Philip turn back to say "it's aright" only to be met with the sight of his maid sitting in a puddle of pee holding her skirt up to relieve herself. The redness on cheeks spread across her face, now she is as red as a tomato. Luckily she still have porcelain pot placed on her bare crotch, so the sacred spot between her legs is still a secret.

Philip is very very curious but he composes himself and just turn away "s-sorry" he stuttered. Lily quickly place the piss filled pot aside, pull her underwears back up and pull her skirt back down in little tears she didn't know she produced.

Lily take in a deep breath and exhales before telling the prince she's done, she sense a little smell of her own urine mixed with the smell of jasmine. Evaporating from the spilled bladder contents on the bed. Once again Philip turns back, but now closing his eyes, slowly peek at the girl before him and it's clear.

He looks at his drenched bed sheet and decide to call a maid on it. To Philip, it's just an inconvenience for a maid to clean up but to Lily, it's a death sentence waiting to be put on her for spilling such filth on the royal bed. She knows if it wasn't for that leak her bladder would have exploded right in her body but she still upsets about it.

The thought about the scolding she would get alone make her scared, she begged Philip to stop. He doesn't understand but do like Lily said, because if she is begging like that it must be something important. He dismissed the call and sit beside his friend, on the pee drenched mattress.

Lily both surprise and embarrassed about the lack of disgust for her urine from the royal member like Philip, but It's nothing bad. He pat her shoulder and ask if somethings wrong, and she replied "I couldn't hold my pee anymore, I'm sorry" Philip comforts and tell her that "accident happens" like it's nothing. But Lily still cried from the embarrassment and the fear of her mother scolding about her ignorance over her own bodily functions. Seeing his beloved friend crying, Philip hug her and promised she'll be okay.

After Lily calm down Philip call in Martha to take care of the mess, when her mommy comes instead of going to mother Lily hide behind Philip embarrassed. When Martha saw the bed she immediately know what happened, she turn to her daughter but got stop by the prince.

"I spilled the tea" Philip said with determined look. Martha is a little little surprised by his actions, To her Philip has always been humble since he was a kid. It was the first time he stand up for something other than his proposal when he hold an event. Martha ask if this is really what happened but she didn't expect what comes next.

"I call you to take care of the mess, not question me... Ms Martha..." The prince use advantage of his status but still a little scared of his friend's mother hating him so he put Ms Martha to be more polite.

The head maid seeing the third prince goes to this extent to protect her daughter, she didn't dare to question his authority any further and just take the "tea" soaked mattress to wash. Before she leaves she told her daughter to follow her.

Lily still a little scared she clutch onto prince's shirt. Martha assured Philip she won't do anything bad but the little maid still behind the prince's arm.

Knowing full well it's not a tea Martha can't leave her daughter wearing wet panties she sigh. "Lily, you need to change your underwear" after Martha finishes her sentence both Philip and Lily face turns red, understanding to true intentions of her word word. Still, Lily is embarrassed and refuse to go. "Mommy, can I just take it off instead?"

Martha slaps her forehead, she can't let Lily playing around in prince's room with nothing under to protect her secret area. Untrust in her daughter's carefulness, The girl will definitely flash Philip sooner or later. "Lily! Behave like a lady! You can't be bare bottom in prince's room!" Martha said to her daughter.

Philip freeze as soon as he heard "bare bottom". Bare bottom... The prince fall into his thoughts, daydream about what could possibly lies under a girl underwear. That smoothness, that pinkish surface he saw, that place Lily try her best to hide. What could be in between a girl's thighs?

Taking advantage of the prince's hesitant, Martha just pick her daughter up and drag her along with the soaking mattress to the washroom down the castle. Once Philip came back to his senses, the door in front of him has already been shut.

At the other side Lily is getting her wrist gripped by her mother, draging her down the hall heading to where maids wash their clothes and mattress. The grip even if calling it like that isn't really hurting her, Martha just grab her wrist just enough Lily knows she doesn't want her to run away. The girl followed the sign and humbly walks behind her mother as they descends downstairs to the washing room.

Once inside Martha told her daughter to go change then go clean the bedsheets she knows Lily wets.

As much like a kid they might sound Both Philip and Lily are almost 20(in this chapter), they just have been raised in the environment that don't feature sexual education. So as naive as they sound, they can actually take care of themselves pretty well.

Lily went in the locker room, find a pair of briefs and panties then she went into the bathroom to change. Lily take off her underwears and wipe the soft cheeks of her pussy with cloth. If she didn't peed herself and still have that full bladder, this little stroke along the cleavage might make her feel some type of way. But now it's just a little tickles on her privy that she didn't really mind.

After her secret place dry, Lily put on a fresh new underwear and get ready to go to the prince's room again. She grabbed the urine drenched panties she just taken off and bring it to her mother, Martha asked why won't she do her own laundry and Lily just reply with "I wanna go play with prince Philip". Not sure about their really close relationship, but It's fine as long as her little girl happy, Martha just take the wet underwear and let Lily go play.

The small maid went back up to Philip's room to see him looking really nervous, he has been worrying Martha might fo something bad to her but judging from the looks Lily is fine. Philip sighed and smile, inviting his friend to the tea party once again. Forgotten that the chamber pot is full

Bonus: holding full bladder

The two talks about various things again, while Lily is unknowingly being feed large about of rose tea. The prince keep filling her cup everytime it's empty and the tea is really sweet so Lily just keep drinking it without any doubt.

2 hours pass and the tea have made its way down into her bladder, filling it to the brim. The maid feels the urge to pee hesitate to hold it further since she's already wet herself once. But still shy so she held it in, but because of the sheer quantity she drinks she quickly changes her mind.

Her bladder keep filling very fast she might brust any minute soon. Lily figures she could really use the chamber pot right now so she ask Philip for permission again. When he nodded Lily quickly grab the potty... on the desk? The chamber pot is not where it usually is and it's kinda heavy... she have forgotten she had just used it a few hours ago.

Urge by the immense pressure in her bladder, Lily quickly tell the prince about the unfortunate circumstances. Philip quickly call someone to take the potty and empty it. Lily just have to wait until the pot came... just that

Lily's bladder is full, like really full, it's holding so much pee she can overcome her shyness and tell the prince she has to pee. You know how much that is? Having to hold it for "a while" is really going to be a difficult task. Lily start the holding sessions by sitting up straight and squeeze her thighs together but it doesn't work well, she might lose control of her sphincter before the pot could arrive.

She get more and more desperate she have to grip her crotch to keep her pee inside, she need to apply pressure to seal her floodgate. Waiting longer and longer her bladder expands to its limit. When the dam could no longer contain, the flood goes into the spillway: her urethra. The little tube using as a passage way from her reservoir to the outside unfortunately have to handle the traffic.

Lily need to put her hand inside her panties and seal her pee hole directly in order to keep her pee from spilling. Her body starts shaking and tears start to well up in her eyes, she felt so desperate but she just wet herself and she doesn't want to have a second accident right after. The muscle wall of her bladder start to stretch beyond its limit and aching, despite her bladder about to explode Lily still keep everything inside and her pussy dry.

Seeing Lily in such distress Philip comforts her. Eventually a maid bring them the empty chamber pot. Some struggle with one hand but finally Lily was able to get the opening on the right spot then she start peeing uncontrollably from her stretched bladder. relieve herself without any spill... maybe a little but less than last time.

Today, Philip get to see Lily pees twice and Lily's bladder gets a little bigger going pass its limit

End

