Good idea, bad implementation

Author: Guest Arurunive

*000*2023-06-25 09:05

[I'll describedescribe the character inside this box, if you don't care about that, just skip this box. the character, Kyara is a 21 year old female. she is 1.79m big, has long blond hair and purple-blue eyes. In this story she is wearing a short white blouse with a black collar, that is tucked into a black pleated skirt, that reaches down till the middle is her thighs. She got black knee socks and white sport shoes. The Story takes place in the midle of spring at dusk, it's around 13°C]

Kyara hung out with her friends around the city. They split up and Kyara passed by a toilet on the way to the bus station. ("I barely have to go and I'll be home in just over 60 minutes, so I'll just go at home"). It took her about 5 minutes to reach the bus station. When she arrived at the bus station her desperation had risen from 1/10, to a 3/10. ("What's going on, I haven't even drunk that much"). She checked the time when her bus will arive and saw it'll be here in 6 minutes. ("I don't have the time to go back, pee and come back. I don't want to wait another 30 minutes for the next Bus. it'll be a 9 minute Bus ride, 31 minute subway ride and a 10 minute walk home, I should be alright"). 5 minutes later her bus arrived arrived and she got on. during the bus ride her desperation grew to a 5/10. Kyara feels a little insecure, but thought ("I.... I should be alright, I'll be home soon..."). 

When the Bus arrived at her destination, she got out. It's a 1 minute walk to the sobway station. ("the walking helps a little bit, eventhough it got a bit chilly"). At the subway station she saw that her subway will arive in 2 minutes. She looked around ("It got dark... just a little bit more and I'll be home"). When her subway arrived she got on the subway. After sitting down her desperation grew to a 6/10 and she started to unconsciously rub her thighs at each other. ("It's alright, I'll make it"). 13 minutes into her ride her desperation grew to a 8/10. She started to panic a bit. ("Why is this happening? Why does my desperation grow this fast, I didn't drink that much. I can't piss myself, I'll have to hold it no matter what"). She started to look around her and when she felt that nobody was looking she pressed her hand into her crotch, through her skirt. ~ 4 minutes before arriving at her destination her desperation grew to a 9/10. ("Why...? why...? I have to pee, I've got to pee, got to pee..."). 2 minutes later Kyara felt her first leak. ("No, no, no, no, I must have imagined that, I'ts not possible that I would piss myself"). When the subway was close to arriving at her destinatin she stood up, while trying to look composed. ("My bladder... it feels so heavy, why is this happening? I'm so close to home, just got to keep it in for another 10 minutes"). 

When the subway stopped, Kyara felt another 3 second leak. ("No no no no no, I can't piss myself, I'm not a kid anymore. I have to calm down, it's not that far anymore"). Kyara got out of the subway and walked down the station. She looked down some stairs and thought ("have to calm down, have to calm down, just a few stairs, I can do it"). She started to walk down the stairs and almost immediately felt it in her bladder. After leaving the last Stair, her desperation grew to a 10/10 and she leaked ~ 4 seconds. ("Why does this happen to me? I'm sure I lost some drops, the top of my knee socks feels a bit wet. I need to do my best, I'm almost home and it feels like I could piss myself every second now"). She pressed her hand into her crotch (through her skirt) and started to walk. ~ 4 minutes later her hand started to feel wet, she thought she completly lost it, when she leaked for another 7 seconds. ("No no no no no, I'm pissing myself, I can't, does someone see me? how am I going to explain this? I need to regain controll, before everything is lost. My Skirt feels a bit wet and my socks feel pretty wet aswell, what should I do?") Kyara looks down body. She's seeing a small puddle, and her inside of her knee socks seem to glister a bit. ("I need to get home now, or I'll be there completly wet"). She started to walk again and ~ 3 minutes later she stopped under a tree. ("I... I can't take another step, what should I do?") She looks down. Moonlight is illuminating the lower half of her body. She feels like the strenght of her bladder is fading. (I can't, I'm almost at home, I can almost see the door"). She's holding her crotch as hard as she can, in a last ditch effort. She felt her bladder giving out and a wet feeling spreading out from from her crotch, down her legs to her feets.

At the same time she is seeing how a glistering wet patch is growing at the front of her skirt. the complete insides of her knee socks are wet and her shoes collected everything that didn't fell to the ground. For a short moment she felt better, empty, humiliated, happy, sad, everything at once. 20 seconds later she thought ("I.... I completly pissed myself... What should I do now? how am I going explain the state of my clothes to mother? How will they think of me? Do they sleep already?). She took of her shoes and let all that piss out. She took out some paper handkerchiefs and in a hurry dried herself as much as possible.

When she heard someone approaching from the back, she walked away as fast as she could. ("I hope I don't know that person, I hope I won't meet that person again and if I meet him again I hope he won't recognize me"). When entering her the flat as silently as she could she noticed that her mother is lying in her bed. She swiftly took her Nightgown and a pair of underwear out of her room and entered the bathroom. Washing her clothes in the washing mashine while taking a shower. ~ 6 minutes later her mother knocked on the door. "Why are you using the washing mashine this late?" Kyara answered, "I spilled some lemonade on my self on my way back." "Make it quick." Kyara felt relieved that her mother accepted her excuse. Kyara dreamt for weeks about this day and didn't leave the flat because she "didn't feel well". All the while her mother never mentioned the smell she noticed that day.

