The Hexside School Play (Amity’s POV)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2023-11-14 00:07

Amity was nervous. She was about to go on stage for another rehearsal of "Feline Otterly in Love". She took another big gulp of her water bottle as Emira helped zip up her cat costume.

"Are you ok Mittens?", Emira asked.

"Yeah, I'm excited that I'm spending so much time with Luz, but I have stage fright. And the thought of performing in front of hundreds of students sure is frightening," Amity replied.

"You fought Grometheus the Fearbringer with Luz and slayed it! This school play is easy in comparison, I'm sure you'll do great Amity," Emira said encouragingly.

"Thanks Emira, I'm ready now," Amity replied.

Towards the end of rehearsal, Amity felt a small need to pee. It wasn't that bad, after all, she'd be on her way home right after rehearsal.

"And that's a cut! The play is in 2 weeks, and so far, it's looking excellent! Keep up the great work!" exclaimed the school's play director.

"Amity! Are you hungry?" Luz said excitedly.

Amity blushed, even after dating for a month, Luz's enthusiasm whenever she was around Amity was still very endearing to her.

"Uh, yes. I am quite hungry," Amity replied.

"Do you wanna grab a pizza together? And then maybe come to The Owl House to hang out? Eda's out with some friends playing Hexes Hold'em tonight and took King with her," Luz asked with a smirk and a wink.

Amity blushed again. Spending more alone time with Luz? Ever since they started dating, they were hard to separate, but it was always a welcome gift to spend more time to hang out with her girlfriend, especially when it's just the two of them doing an activity together, alone.

"For sure!" Amity excitedly replied.

"Great! Let's go!" Luz exclaimed. She grabbed onto Amity's hand and started walking briskly towards the local Pizza Haunt.

Amity followed, but the sudden movement reminded her that she needed to pee. She pushed the thought out of her head and interlaced her fingers with Luz and continued walking towards Pizza Haunt.

Amity had to slow down halfway through the short walk. She kept her thighs close together and squeezed them whenever she felt a bigger urge to pee. Luz was kind enough to slow down to match her walking speed. There was a bit of small talk between the couple, but Amity wasn't really paying attention. She was focusing on walking in a way that minimized her urge to pee, and that involved some thigh squeezes and slight hobbling from time to time.

They finally arrived at Pizza Haunt and ordered a medium Hawaiian pizza to share. Amity avoided ordering any drinks for obvious reasons.

"Aren't you excited about the licking scene?" Luz asked Amity.

"Huh? Oh yeah, I can't wait for us to lick each other on stage," Amity replied with a blush. Most animals on The Boiling Isles display affection differently than witches do. Some like to lick each other on the face to show their affection for each other and the licking scene was the climax of the story that Amity thought about often because it was very close to kissing Luz. Part of the reason why her stage fright was so bad was because she'd constantly think about doing that scene with Luz and she worried that she won't be able to find the nerves to do it during next week's rehearsal.

Then, Amity felt a wave of desperation wash over her. She crossed her legs and squeezed them together. Luckily, it passed pretty quickly, for now at least.

"Amity, are you ok? You seem a bit distracted," Luz asked.

"Huh? No, I'm fine... I uh-, I'm just thinking about my stage fright. I get so nervous when I perform, I have to drink so much water throughout rehearsal to calm down," Amity replied. That wasn't entirely false, she was thinking about the play earlier after all. But the reminder that she drank a lot of water earlier wasn't helping. Amity glanced longingly at the restaurant's restroom. She needed to use it, but couldn't, because it was almost impossible to take off her costume by herself. She kept her legs crossed tightly and continued eating her slices.

Then, Luz got up from her seat and said, "Be right back sweet potato, I need to use the bathroom."

Amity was just about to tell Luz that peeing was pretty much impossible in their costumes, but then Luz gave her a kiss on the cheek and rendered her speechless. Amity felt her face burning up and silently enjoyed the moment.

Amity decided that now was a good time to pay the bill. She got up from her seat, but then had to grab her crotch. Her bladder was getting fuller and fuller. She regained her composure and walked to the cash register. There was no one there, they must be in the kitchen. She stood by the cash register and crossed her legs. Then Luz came back out.

"Sweet potato, you know that I can pay for my own meals," Luz pouted.

"Batata, I'm rich. It's no big deal," Amity replied, as usual. They always had this conversation every time they went out for a meal. It's one of the few things that she still enjoys about being a Blight so she figures that she may as well abuse it. The cashier finally came to the counter and Amity paid the bill.

Amity looked back and saw Luz staring at her. Part of her wants to contribute to Luz's enamoured state by taking charge of their walk this time. But in reality, she just needed to get to The Owl House as fast as possible in order to use the washroom. Not that it made a difference to Luz though, her stupidly cute grin got bigger when Amity grabbed Luz's hand and took her on the path towards The Owl House.

As they were walking, Luz kept telling her a bunch of cheesy jokes. Amity wasn't sure what was stupider, the jokes, or the fact that she was laughing at them. Luz just had that effect on her she supposed. The laughing wasn't kind to Amity's bladder though, she had to squeeze her thighs together a lot more often during this walk. Then there was this one joke in particular that caused Amity to laugh out loud a lot. Shortly after, her bladder to spasmed. She had to double over and grab her crotch. She let out a small groan that she hoped was too quiet for Luz to hear.

"Is everything ok Amity?" Luz asked.

"Yep, I just uh, had to tie my shoelace. I'm all done now." Amity lied.

Amity was quite bladder shy, so she didn't really want to tell Luz that she had to pee badly. She'd have to eventually tell her though, since she would need her help to remove her costume. But that can be a later problem.

They finally arrived at The Owl House and was greeted by Hooty. "Hoot Hoot! Password please!" Hooty said.

As Luz was telling Hooty to open up, Amity had to shift her weight and step left to right as she was forced to hold her filled bladder while standing still. She saw Luz about to look over to her, so she tried her best to stand still, but she had to keep her legs crossed. She didn't want to appear like a weak girl, unable to hold her bladder, in front of Luz.

Finally, Amity heard Hooty say, "Alright, I'll let you two in, but don't make a mess in the couch," with a wink as he opened the door.

"HOOTY!" Luz exclaimed. Amity got so embarrassed at what Hooty was trying to imply that she knew that her face probably looked as red as Luz's at the moment.

When they stepped in, Luz immediately hollered to Eda for help in removing the costume. Both of them forgot that she was out for the night and patiently waited for her. Amity went for the couch so that she could sit down with her legs crossed.

Should I ask Luz to use her bathroom right now? I certainly need it, but would that be rude? I just got her after all. Amity thought. She needed to pee so badly.

No, stay strong Amity. Don't you dare make a fool of yourself in a guest's house. The thought came to Amity in her mother's voice. A wave of desperation washed over her and she had to grab her crotch. But I can't hold it much longer..., Amity thought.

"Oh yeah, I forgot that Eda was playing Hexes Hold'em with some friends tonight," Luz said.

"I'm also gonna need help removing this costume," Amity said. Then I reeeeeally need to use your toilet, Amity thought.

Then Amity felt her bladder spasm and felt some pee exiting her urethra and onto her underwear. Amity doubled over and jammed her hand into her crotch. She couldn't help but let out a moan, "Oooooh."

"Amity, do you need to pee?" Luz asked.

Amity hesitated, but then responded with a nod. It seemed like the cat was out of the bag after all. "I've needed to pee for hours." Amity said. "The last time I peed was right before Emira helped me put on this costume. And all the water I drank during rehearsal has made its way to my bladder." Amity explained.

"Oh my gosh, here let me help you take this costume off," Luz offered. Luz proceeded to unzip the costume, then Amity let out a gasp, she felt herself leak a lot more. "Luz, I'm leaking!" Amity exclaimed.

"Oh no! Ok, let's make our way to the toilet while I take off the costume." Luz said.

"Ok, good idea. Luckily it felt like it was only a small leak," Amity responded after she managed to stem the flow.

As Amity hobbled to the washroom, she heard Luz exclaim, “Oh no, Amity, the zipper is stuck!”

Amity started to panic, she felt like she was on the verge of wetting herself in front of her girlfriend, how indecent of her! Amity was stepping from side to side. She could see the toilet right there, which only amplified the urgent signals that her bladder was sending to her brain. She doubled over and jammed her hand into her crotch. What was taking Luz so long? She could feel the dampness of her panties from her earlier leak and that just made her desperation even worse.

"Luz!!! My bladder's about to explode. Could you please hurry!!!" Amity frantically exclaimed.

"Oh right, sorry," Luz replied.

Amity felt cool air on her bare skin as Luz was finally able to unzip her costume, that’s when she realized that she was half naked in front of Luz. She didn’t really have time to be embarrassed about that right now though, she felt her bladder pulsating and needed to empty it NOW.

"Luz, I think my pee is gonna come out as soon as I remove my hand from my crotch." Amity stated. She felt herself starting to leak again. With a deep blush, she added, "could you please help me take off this costume completely?"

She heard Luz weakly reply, “Ok.”

As Luz was helping Amity remove her costume, she noticed that Luz was crossing her legs and squirming too. Did Luz also need to pee? Amity thought to herself. Seeing Luz tighten her thighs and grabbing her crotch with her freehand pretty much confirmed that for Amity. She felt sorry for Luz, but she was pretty sure she was more desperate for the toilet, after all, she was still leaking.

When her costume was most of the way off, Amity noticed that Luz stopped helping, and was instead staring at her body, specifically her crotch and legs. Amity felt super embarrassed by this and frantically said, “Ok Luz, you can leave now!” in a slightly mean tone. Both girls were tomato faced, but as soon as Luz left the bathroom, Amity took off the rest of her clothes, sat down on the toilet, and released the floodgates. The relief felt sooooo good. Her overstretched bladder was finally able to slowly relax as it expelled her urine. The flow rate of her pee was limited by how small her pee hole was. At least she was finally getting relief. Amity let out a moan that was almost as loud as her jet of pee hitting the toilet.

She found her thoughts going back to Luz, maybe she was a bit too mean to her when she told her to leave. Now that she was thinking about it, she felt her self-esteem going up remembering the way that Luz was staring at her while she was almost naked. Then, she thought back to Luz showing some signs of desperation while she was helping to remove her costume. After a while of thinking, she noticed that her hand drifted towards her crotch and was slowly rubbing herself. She decided to poke a finger into her vagina and then-

"Sweet potato, are you done yet? I also have to pee really badly," Luz said, almost pleadingly.

"Almost mi Batata, I still have a bit of pee left in me. And didn't you go at Pizza Haunt?" Amity asked.

"I couldn't take my otter onesie off, so I decided to hold it," Luz replied.

"Ok, just hold it for another minute Batata," Amity responded.

Hearing Luz begging to let her pee was sending waves of pleasure through Amity’s crotch as she fingered herself. But she knew this was wrong, she couldn’t do this to Luz. Not without her consent anyways. She squeezed the last bit of pee in her bladder and started wiping herself clean.

"Amity, please hurry, I'm leaking!" Luz begged.

"Ok, one sec, I'm wiping," Amity replied.

Oh Titan, Amity wished she was dreaming so that she could continue to touch herself, the temptation was strong. But Luz helped her, and she cares about her too much to continue hurting her like this. Amity opened the door and Luz immediately rushed to the toilet, making a motion to take off her pants, only to realize that she was still wearing her onesie.

"Ooooh," Luz moaned.

"Here, let me help you take this off," Amity offered. Luz nodded weakly; her hands still jammed to her crotch. As Amity unzipped the onesie more and more, she realized that Luz wasn't wearing a bra, she really wished she was dreaming now, she can’t imagine how red her face must look. Amity heard Luz giggling while looking at her face. Shortly after, her onesie started to darken near her crotch.

As soon as Amity got Luz out of her onesie, Luz pulled down her panties and sat on the toilet. A jet of pee sprayed out of her creating a mess in the bathroom in the process. Luz appeared to realize her display of indecency as her face turned crimson red. She looked like she wanted to tell Amity something but couldn’t find the words to say it. Amity decided to give Luz some privacy, but not before stealing a glance at Luz. This kinda defeats the purpose of giving her privacy as she would use this memory for research purposes later…

Why not use the memory now? Amity thought. She stuck a hand into her underwear and began fingering herself again, while imagining that this was Luz's hand. She replayed the past few minutes in her mind. This gave Amity quite a rush right away. Listening a bit more carefully beyond her own panting allowed her to hear Luz’s pee stream. So, as soon as she stuck her finger into her favourite location, she orgasmed, and it felt better than emptying her bladder just a few moments before. Her underwear was already soaked and soiled so she was hoping that would help hide her dirty deed from Luz.

After Luz finished her long pee. She found some clothes to lend to Amity and allowed her to shower and clean herself up first. Amity was red-faced the entire time, but she enjoyed this experience. After Luz finished cleaning herself, they worked together to clean the bathroom. They didn’t want Eda, or worse, Hooty, to discover the mess they made. Afterwards, the deafening silence told her that Luz didn’t want to talk about this as much as she did. So, they just awkwardly sat in Luz’s room for a few minutes until-

"Wanna watch Good Witch Azura 2: Field of Deadly Fates?" Luz asked.

"I would love to!" Amity replied, she loved the movie, but this was more so to reduce the awkwardness of the moment than anything else.

After gathering some snacks and drinks from the kitchen, they sat in the living room couch together to watch the movie. Amity started to feel tired about halfway through the movie, so she leaned her head onto Luz’s shoulder and closed her eyes.

THE END

