(Amphibia) Sasha’s Dare

Author: Goober57

*000*2022-10-15 06:47

It was a fairly normal day in the life of Anne Boonchuy. She woke up, brushed her teeth, ate breakfast, and went off to hang out with her best friends, Marcy and Sasha. The trio went to their favorite boba tea shop, and then went down to the arcade to play some DDR.

After a few rounds, Anne felt an all-too-familiar tingling in her lower abdomen. “BRB guys, I gotta pee,” she told her friends. “Yeah, me too,” said Marcy, crossing her legs a bit. Just as they were about to head to the bathrooms, they were stopped by Sasha. “Now hold on,” Sasha said, “I bet you can hold it for a little bit longer.” “Come on, Sash,” begged Marcy, who was now doing a little dance, “I really have to go!” “Come on, don’t be such a buzzkill,” said Sasha, “If you two can hold it for another hour, then we can go to whatever dorky shop you want the next time we hang out.” “Fine,” said Marcy, after a bit of consideration, “Deal. It’s just an hour, right?” Anne was also on board. After all, she didn’t need to go that badly, and after Marcy had that extra-large tea, she was interested in seeing where this was going.

After about ten minutes, Marcy had already regretted her decision. She was already potty dancing like a little girl before the dare, so with the combination of Sasha continuously offering water to her, and all the movement involved in DDR, no trip to Hot Topic could make this worth it. And to think all of this was happening in front of Anne, the girl she’s had a crush on for years, made her wish Sasha was the kind of person to let her cancel a dare.

About fifteen minutes in, Anne was starting to feel the burn too. She started to casually sway from side to side, bounce up and down, and occasionally cross her legs. She couldn’t pretend that Marcy wasn’t insanely cute when she was desperate, but staring at her potty dance wasn’t exactly helping her own bladder. Marcy was staring at the bathrooms, thinking it would help, but all it did was send stronger waves of desperation to her bladder.

At twenty-five minutes, Marcy was doubled over, hands jammed between her legs, and dancing like there were fire ants on her skirt. Anne wasn’t doing much better. Maybe it was because, unlike Marcy, she never hesitated to ask for a bathroom break when she needed one, and didn’t wait until she was all the way home to pee, but her bladder was always much smaller than Marcy’s, and you could tell.

Her legs were kept crossed, and her hands were kept in her skirt pockets. She was trying to seem like she wasn’t affected at all, but deep down, she felt like she was about to pop. Anne always got a small tea at the shops, but for some reason, this time she just had to get a large. Meanwhile, Sasha was enjoying every second of this. This was the first time either of them saw Marcy this desperate, and it was incredibly cute.

At thirty minutes, the halfway point, Marcy was at about an 80% desperation level, while Anne was at around 70%. Neither of them could last much longer, and they knew it. Even worse, Sasha had been playing that one fishing game, in which you collect fish from a noisy stream, which they both knew that she hated. At this point, Marcy was trying everything in her power to not leak. She was practically on the floor with how kneeled down she was. Anne couldn’t stop her eyes from watching. After this, she definitely had to gather up the courage to ask her out.

At forty minutes, Marcy was at 85%, and Anne was at 77%. Anne was now full-on potty dancing, with her hands between her legs. Marcy leaked for the first time a couple minutes ago, making her question if she could actually do this. What if she wets her skirt, and her parents find out? What if Anne doesn’t like her after seeing her like this? It all rushed through her mind, like her bladder trying to rush the urine out of it. She was losing the little confidence she had.

At fifty minutes, Marcy was at 90%, and Anne was at 85%. They only had ten minutes left to go, but it was going to be near-impossible. “Here girls!” chimed Sasha, uncharacteristically cheery, “Drink these!” as she handed them each a bottle of water. “N-no thanks, Sash, I’m good,” Anne quivered. “My dare, my rules,” replied Sasha, her cheery facade quickly fading. They drank them, not knowing that she just gave them a fast-acting diuretic. “Woah!” Yelped Anne as she quickly doubled over from desperation, “What’s in this junk?” “Oh, only the fasting acting diuretic I could find!”

“What?!” Cried Marcy, her skirt forming a small wet spot.

At fifty-five minutes, with only five minutes left, Marcy was at 95%, while Anne was at 92%. Both of them have leaked enough to form a tennis ball sized wet spot on their skirts, and were slowly leaking more and more. “H-hey Marce?” Anne asked, “Y-yeah?” “Just in case we, like, die from our bladders exploding, I need to ask you something.” “What?” “Marcy, I’ve had a crush on you since, like, third grade, and I really like you, so… do you want to go out with me?” “Anne, of course I do! I’ve liked you since we met, you’re amazing! I’d kiss you right now if taking my hands off of my skirt didn’t mean peeing myself!” Anne chuckled a bit, while also leaking a bit. “Well, isn’t that sweet?” Said Sasha from across the room, “Anyway you only have one minute left, so try not to wet yourselves now.”

With one minute left, Marcy was at what felt like 101%, while Anne felt the same. They shuffled over to the bathroom doors, but right as they did, they were shocked when they realized that the women’s bathrooms were out of order. “Yeah, sorry I didn’t mention that,” Sasha said as she smirked. “Anyways, your time’s up, so you can go whenever you want. Also, it’s getting late, and most of the shops around here are either closed or don’t have a bathroom. So I guess you can either go in an alleyway or something, hold it till you get home, or piss yourselves right here.” 

With their bladders at what feels like 110%, things are not looking great for Anne and Marcy. They’ve already leaked enough to cover almost the entire fronts of their skirts, so they can’t make it all the way home, they’re not going to resort to peeing in an alleyway, and there’s no way they’re going to wet their skirts right in front of each other. So without any other option, they burst into the women’s room and pee in the sinks. They pee for three whole minutes straight, and when they get done, they wash their hands, try to wash the urine out of their skirts, and leave. “Sash, you suck,” Anne jokes, “Yeah, I know.” They agree to never do this again. Or at least Sasha does. Anne and Marcy start to do holding contests regularly, and it becomes somewhat of a hobby for them.

