Eli's bursting school day

Author: Green sigma

*000*2024-12-22 09:36

Good day to all in the Omorashi community. It's been awhile since my last fiction story about female desperation. You know I love a good build up followed by a big wetting all over the female and the floor. Very rarely do I write a story but partial wetting or just making it to the toilet. This one is another school girl dilemma situation, but I admit it does have some political and socially charged stuff. This isn't to create divide in the community, but only for the story at large. Please don't take it seriously as it is just a story. Nothing more.

This story is about continuing where I left off with my female character Elissandra Alderidge from Bursting Return. Please see that story on the pee fiction section of this site. The story picks up a week after her return home from a debaucherous party and trying to do so without getting caught. Sadly, her mother finds out thanks to her brother Brady and it's all bad news from there. This sequel pick up from there a 6 days later while at school. Fyi, Eli is a high school senior about to graduate from her school.

It is similar to Bursting School Day Bladders, but the character Elissandra is the primary character with the dilemma. Please note to self, this is a very long story and I do apologize to the reader. But it is this long for detailed desperation. It is a little outlandish but again it's fiction. It can't be entirely in reality but it does have a certain logic to it. Again, it does have political and socially charged stuff in the story and hopefully, it doesn't have anything that's in violation of the site rules.

After reading, please leave any comments for constructive criticism. Also, be nice and respectful about it and honest too. There's no need to curse or use abusive language. The ending portion of her desperation at school is supposed to be akin to the video about a student peeing in class deliberately, as per this link: https://www.xvideos.com/video.hmbfakma05c/japanese_girl_peeing_in_the_middle_of_class

I do see the issue with not yet posting the story. But I am finishing it up. I will be posting the story as an attachment from my notepad app. There will be pictures too.

*001*2025-01-05 10:47

Some more posts in regards to the story:

%https://thisvid.com/videos/realistic-school-girl-desperation-pee-panties-skirt/

%https://noodlemagazine.com/watch/223125561_170624559

%https://amp.xhamster.com/videos/japanese-wetting-12760123

$/58211-request-full-vid-of-japanese-girl-desperate-during-photoshoot/?do=embed" I do apologize for not posting the story yet. It will come soon.

*003*2025-01-07 13:00

{{On 1/5/2025 at 11:06 AM, Binu said:

Man also upload it in archive of your own or somether site like deviantart just to keep it saved in case

}}

Understood. I do apologize for the lengthy time it's taking to finish this story. Thanks for your patience.

Title: Eli's bursting school day

Background Plot: It was a tumultuous week at Noxbille Village High School due to the fallout from a wild party last Friday (please see Bursting return). On Saturday and Sunday, the news of the party spread like wildfire amongst the students via phone calls, texting, and social media. The parents, school staff, and local churches came to learn of this party from the local news outlet, Noxbille Daily Stream. They reported on a police raid of a house where minors attended a wild party. The raid happened 7 am that Saturday morning, right after most partygoers left. The police were called after a fight broke out amongst some drunk guys. The school staff, church staff, and parents were outraged about the existence of the party and the gross negligence to even host such a party. 

Although there were only high school seniors of age 18 years and some college students, but that didn't make things seem less terrible. To them, these youths were supposed to be the next generation of Americans to run this country. Instead, the older generations viewed the younger generations as worse than animals denigrating themselves wiyh drugs, porn, and other things. They wondered where were the parents of the host, how did the parents raise the host and above all else, what was the fate of those who went. What worried them the most was if their child or children went too. The church fathers were flabigasted, scared crappless for their congregations, praying like there was no tomorrow. The high school principle couldn't believe what he was hearing, especially due to his own family

But it also made sense since this village was runned by conservative republican evangelicals. And these crowd of people were the old-fashioned folks that didn't care for today's youth who watched social media, watched Japanese cartoons, and loved their atheist or agnostic lifestyle instead of going to church, doing community service, or abstaining from inappropriate things. They believed in less government debt and taxes, more rights to the states, and ensuring their children weren't exposed to porn, drugs, or liberal anti-patriotic programs. They always distrusted the liberals no matter what, including their efforts to help illegal immigrants, which they hated so much with a burning, white-hot passion.

The male students who attended the party gossiped about how much alcohol they consumed, whether or not they had sex with females, and how many they slept with. For them, it was a means of bragging, inflating their self importance, and stupid male comraderie. Some of the females who attended the party felt utter embarrassment now that their involvement was public knowledge, including their sexual encounter(s). It was supposed to be a secret party known only to those who attend. Now, their reputations were openly ruined and defiled, esecialy amongst friends and siblings, or former girfriends. Those caught sleeping with another's boyfriend were easily unfriended, confronted by a text or a phone call, or at their front door. For example, on Sunday morning one girl was treated to a rude awakening. 

At 9 am, a cyberpunk girl named Kornelia Kranesfield, aka Cyber-K, heard a knock on her door. She opened it only to be at first feel confused at her visitor. As soon as the visitor, April Strickler, identified herself as the girlfriend of the boy she slept with, reality set in. Despite Cyber-K's excuses and some sweet talking, the encounter turned into a one-sided scuffle. April sucker-punched Cyber-K so hard she collapsed to the ground, followed by being yelled at to stay away from her boyfriend or else. Some of the girls were called to the principles office for a serious speaking to. Other females weren't confronted or unfriended. Instead, silence by the cold shoulder was served. It either gave them a false sense of safety or fear that the upset other was waiting for the right time to strike. 

For some, the cold shoulder hurt. Being caught red-handed and knowing the other wanted nothing to do with them was a killer, especially if it came from a friend or sister. Their former bond of friendship or sisterhood usually ended up in flames and smoldering ash forever. There was simply no forgiveness, period. Very few who had been confronted were eventually forgiven after some talking. Very few of this crowd of females who engaged with other boys in a sexual manner or making out came away with their deed without ever being found out by anyone. Some of the females who attended and did the deed felt a sense of pride and empowerment about their escapades, even a sense of superiority. To them, it was a sign of their sexual freedom and control, especially control over males. Or revenge sex.

For others, it was a chance to explore their sexuality or even finally become acquainted with what sex is, and from there, explore more. But this crowd were lucky enough to do with boys who weren't in relationships or getting over one. Their only concern wasn't getting caught so much as it was becoming pregnant. After all sex is messy and a few sexual encounters ended up in torn condoms or never involved condoms, leading to the worry of possibly becoming pregnant.  As a result, girls secretly or (because their parents found out what was going) in company with their parents made appoints right away during this week. Abortions were illegal in the town of Noxbille Village, but most of these girls weren't ready for motherhood period. Only one girl at the party wanted to be a mother doing it with her boyfriend as they had planned.

These same girls also spoke about being intimate amongst their friends, discussing their partner's performance, be it a boyfriend (one they met with, had been seeing, or someone else's boyfriend). Some of the boys were indeed assertive and confident, while others were such boy toys and easily submissive. A small handful of boys were utter failures and useless, unable to manifest an expanded stiff member even after every trick in the book performed by the girl. To them, this party was a bust. Other girls just gossipped about the food and drinks, the games, and/or what they talked about. Not all the girls who went had sex. For some, the party was just a means to hang out and relax from the stress of preparing for finals. Some girls didn't even drink alcohol. Some girls went for the chance to earn money from the gambling.

As for the boys and girls who didn't go, they spoke condemnation against those who shamelessly attended without concern for the consequences, even those who didn't have sex. They figured it was a wild party whereby all sorts of things happen and going there for whatever reason means you're guilty of the things going on. Some even thought it ridiculous to go there when there was homework or an upcoming test, jobs, even domestic responsibilities, etc., Either way, the party was viewed as unnecessary by non-attendees (not including geeks nerds who didn't go but wished to be invited). And those who did go having sex were viewed as trash, even being harshly condemned as whores or sluts.

Some nerds and geeks who didn't go didn't care about the party nor feeling jealous towards those who se who went. Instead, they were content reading their comics or playing video games, such as fortnite. Those with scientific minds preferred to study or perform experiments, or gaze up at the stars, try to find planet 9 or look for aliens. Some clubs, like book club or chess club held their gatherings instead. Some of the nerds and geeks wished they went for validation or see what it's like to be apart of society. They did not want to be seen as an outcast anymore. The female nerds were the usual proverbial Amy Farrah Fowler who aren't invited for anything, don't have friends, never noticed, envying their much more popular and sexually appealing counterparts. Not everyone was the proverbial Penny, beautiful and center of attention. As for the male nerds, they wished they could go, hang out with the cool students and even ride their fame coattails, or even have sex with the gorgeous females. They were the proverbial Howard Wallowitz. 

Either way, the buzz wasn't good for the whole week. Parents placed restrictions on their child's whereabouts or other punishments, even going so far as to look through their phones or the trash for pregnancy tests. Parents with children who didn't go and knew their child wouldn't go, didn't have anything to fear, feeling either pride or gratefulness for how their child turned out. On Monday, the school made calls to parents while also getting calls from angry parents concerning the party. After deliberation amongst the school staff and local church leaders, the school chose to hold an evening parent-school-church conference in their auditorium Monday night. Many parents vented their anger and disgust, wondering why expulsions or more arrests weren't made.

The parents, mostly conservative, hated the liberal crowd, viewing them as sinners or weak morons, ever too lenient with morals, promoting immorality. Some even thought this party was an orchestration by liberals and leftist extremists to promote more abortions and government involvement in more tax-dollar funded services for poor families to control the masses. Church leaders began setting up interventions to prevent abortions or doing marriages to prevent a blemish on their community. They wouldn't want to explain to other churches or the Vatican why their community was the new Las Vegas or sin city. Or baby murder central.

As for the homosexual crowd and woke crowd, they only attended their own gatherings. Since most of society was predominantly were heterosexual persons from conservative backgrounds, they felt it best to keep to themselves. Luckily there weren't orthodox Jews or Muslims living here. Their reaction would be worse. At school things weren't any better. Female and male students also faced the consequences too. A boy, Baxter Belmont, was confronted by his girlfriend for sleeping with her sister, Renata. Even after trying to explain it was an accident, he was dumped big time in front of his friends. And boy was it a scene with emotions flaring and tempers flying. 

Another student, Tristan Stewart, learned the girl he was with was his best friend's sister, and boy was he terrified. He tried to wear Halloween props (the Inspector Gadget hat, Mr. Magoo glasses and moustache), and nearly got away with it. Just as he was about to get onto the bus, he was jumped by his friend and totally mauled. School staff had to pry the friend off him, who honestly, had looks that did more than just kill. Their friendship was over forever. Another female student, named Hanna Mars, tried to explain to her boyfriend and fiancee about what she did. And this was after she lied about not going 

Saturday and Sunday, until Sunday night when a video post about her was found on the internet. Hanna learned about this and tried to contact her lover. Texting, and calling didn't seem to produce any response so she tried to speak with her fiancee Monday. But then too, he brushed her off. The damage was done and he just moved on, just like that. 

In addition, students were being called into the principal's office for being caught via viewing the posted videos of the party. Some students didn't attend, feigning illness fear of bullies to avoid being caught by the girlfriend or boyfriend of the person they slept with. Or their parents caught them returning home Saturday morning, and using Monday to see an obgyn or a church official. A few even took the week off to prevent hate mail or bullying. Hiding their shame and ruined reputations for their families were of utmost priority. With students being found out or expelled, or suspended waiting for their fate to be determined, and some arrested, friendships being ruined, others keeping their heads down and not getting caught, parents making calls for the school to determine what's to be done or if their child can return to school, and taking their child for conservative obgyns, it was nothing but craziness. 

Parents began suing others, while many wanted to sue the host, and even the school. Police and local church leaders were called in to speak about the dangers of breaking the law, recklessly endangering oneself or others, how to be responsible, and to remain close with faith and religion. These conferences usually took place during free study periods, gym periods, or even lunch periods. Many students hated this, especially the female liberal-minded, non-religious students. They felt this was nothing but a waste of time, fear mongering, chauvinism, religious indoctrination, or control. A few females that attended the party and came back feeling crappy didn't seem to mind the presence. They felt the parents were right and should have never gone. The pro-religious minded and patriotic-minded students also welcomed the presence of the police and church leader, maming school a better place. 

Some students were indifferent towards the whole situation and just pretended to listen to what the police or church leaders said. They sat way in the back rows, reading a textbook or doing homework, or studying for an exam than listen to things they already knew. That definitely included those nerds invested in science, those always treated as rejects, homosexuals, and those that just didn't care at all. For them, this was another crap show of idiot teenagers doing moronic stuff and the adults going nuclear for no reason whatsoever. They hated it, and always stood in the shadows while the bickering and accusations played out. And of course, no one wanted to listen to the Sacks family crisis or their self righteous lectures about religiosity. 

But there was one girl labeled 'persona non grata'. One person whom everyone couldn't believe would be so bold. This girl was perceived now not just as a problem child, not only seen with contempt by society as being a dirty girl, the proverbial Hester Prynne who's known for her Scarlet A for adultery, or the whore of Babylon (especially the religious and uptight conservative crowd), but also the worst of all sinners of the community. Her name ended up being spoken and remembered with so much digust, even being cursed by many. Such words used against her already sullied name included slut, whore, or pisswhore, and other things. This person enjoyed a little too much alcohol, danced to all the erotic songs, engaged in the major poker duels, and performing so many sexual acts without clothes. But the worst wemas having unprotected sex. 

And it wasn't just what she did, but also whom she did these things with. While she did kiss and make out with a few other boys, albeit done out of curiosity and being a little tipsy, her sexual encounter with this one boy is what really solidified her notoriety. That boy was a prominent boy of society due to having a once squeaky clean record in society and personal life. This boy had a perception of having a promising and straight/narrow future both in society and religiously. And this boy was seen as possibly being town mayor, head of the local church, or possibly becoming president or Pope. This is boy was John Mayer Sacks (the 2nd) or John Junior, the son of Karlinda Dryfus Sacks and John Mayer Sacks (the 1st) aka John Senior. John Senior wasn't just a pastor at Noxbille Village's number 1 and only Roman Catholic Church, but also Noxbille High's school principal. Oh boy! 

The girl in question above also had a positive perception for being responsible, law-abiding, academically sound, and staying out if trouble. She didn't have the same level of religiosity as the most devout but she did attend church as much as possible, or reading the Bible. This person was the number one honor roll student (just behind the number two runner up for valedictorian) while also known her volunteer work for the school. Heck, she was even known for her leadership for the school's soccer team three years in a row. That leadership helping to defeat their top 7th rival in the state, Nolan James High School pumas (not the football team). This student even went so far as to report public urination in school during a fire drill once. 

It was for this reason that her proverbial fall from grace was so shocking. Though she tried to come home from the party stealthily, it only ended up in self wetting and getting caught. She planned her stay at the party and how she would return home. Sadly, she ended up getting sucked into the party life, over staying her time and ending up awake amongst the drunk and hungover. And her insides sore from being turned upside down. She was sure she would be home before it got crazy. 

Sadly, she was caught by her brother and mother. And that included being caught wearing sultry clothes and being wet from her self wetting accident. This student was none other than (drum roll)........................... ................................. Elissandra Alderidge. Eli for short. Please see Bursting return for more information.

As soon as she saw the Facebook post of herself, she knew the post would be seen by many. How bad it was going to be Eli wouldn't find out until she return to school. 

Moira ensured she didn't have contact with her friends by deleting their numbers after blocking them, a while Eli showered up. Boy was she upset about what her daughter did, and the influences that got her daughter roped into the party. Though Eli felt this was an invasion of her privacy, Moira didn't care. She could no longer trust her daughter to make responsible and trustworthy decisions, especially when it came to choosing her friends. Moira did the same with Brady too. Starting on Monday, Eli's return to school was nothing but bracing.

Despite the fact she wore sunglasses and a hoodie, even wearing a wig she bought a year ago, her identity was picked out. As soon as she showed up for class, someone called out her name. "Hey look its Eli from Babylon!" All eyes turned focus on her. Immediately, Eli was swamped with questions, judgmental comments, and other utterances. Such included "How could you, our school's number honor roll student do this?", "How do you sleep at night?", "Whats wrong with you? Don't you have inhibitions girl?", "Are you proud of yourself?" "What do your parents think of you?", or "Tramp!". Eli was bombarded with these and other insults or comments thrown at her. Mortified and hurt by these, Eli tried to defend herself to no avail. "It wasn't like that" or " I'm not a tramp" or "Others went there too!".

While many at school would give her such comments openly to her face upon seeing her, some only gave dirty looks like the evil eye. Others ignored her, or spoke behind her back amongst their friends. Some even gave her the cold shoulder. "What do you want?" or "Can I help you (with a rude attitude)?". Another portion of the student body gave the opposite but equally cringing response. These students (such as geeks with no life, leftists on sexual freedom, females with low self esteem,  slutty females, chauvinistic or perverted boys) gave her praise for act of indiscretion. "Hey everyone it's our home girl Eli. You go girl! Whoooo!", "There's our baby mama. Rock on!", "There's our girl, ambitious and motivated.", "Hey can I get your autograph on this Playboy magazine?", "So how was it? Did he cry or what?", "You should've done 69 or other things, but not bad.", "Will you do me next?", and this one; "I'm so glad you sold your virginity. You're one of us!". 

Eli couldn't believe her ears that some even praised her, treating her as a celebrity from the Avn awards. Eli couldn't help but get upset and tell everyone to go away. Even worse were the advances. Some of the nerds/geeks and jocks began asking her out for dates that end in sex, all of which she turned down. Eli had to watch her back and front from those who woukd at times, want a piece of her anatomy. She shewed them away kicked them in the nuts. Other comments included her performance as either mediocre or awesome, or criticisms of her body features. Some said she was a sexy slender girl while others said she was either too skinny or too fat. One even commented on the her natural appearance and anatomical features. For example, her right thigh seemed a little less fatty compared to her left one. No matter what class she went to, it was the same thing. Comments and questions. Many of her peers that once held her in high regard now remained silent towards her or gave their comments too. One person said she was dead to her. 

Even some boys treated her with the same disdain. They wondered how a person with so much promise and regard for proper relationships over recklessness would do something so dangerous. "You could've gotten pregnant and then what?", "Stay away from me, I don't need to be a baby dad.", "I have a girlfriend, go away.", "Go back to Babylon!". But it wasn't just comments about her time at the party. 

Even questions about how she (quote on quote) ensnared or convinced the squeaky clean John Junior were hurled at her. He was so popular and famous, and religious, so how she got him was beyond many. Her friends were a no-show at school this whole week, leaving Eli all alone to deal with the consequences. 

Eli didn't just face comments verbally made to her face or behind her back. She also found her own personal space at school littered with negative things. Her locker was spray painted with comments like 'whore', 'damned are adulterers and fornicators', etc., Even going to the bathroom was not a pic-nic either. When going to the bathroom between class periods or asking to go during class period, someone would comment on her supposed lack of potty training or having a weak bladder. And even in the bathroom, 

Eli was surrounded by gossip as well. It ranged from talk about their own hangover, others who got wasted or venting anger about a traitorous girlfriend or boyfriend, or sister. But of course, the worst was about Eli. "Did you hear about that girl who did the son of our school principal?" "Yeah what a *****! He isn't a boy toy how dare she use him like those other tramps did to other boys!". 

The worst of the peers came from the one person Eli didn't want to hear from at all. The one person who she hated since the 5th grade because she always thought herself better than others. This person had been very religious and volunteered in society. In fact, she was seen as an angel growing up, and kept very pure (cough!) thanks to her helicopter parents, which led to her becoming arrogant. This person was Bethany Bordeaux (pronounced as Bordough), or BB for short. She rode her hard with judgmental comments, especially when Eli would ask to use the bathroom. "Looks like the Scarlet A needs a diaper. We wouldn't want to witness golden falls!" or "As usual, going off another sexcapade? Didnt you do enough damage?". Of course, the teachers would just tell BB to be quiet. Nothing more. 

And of course, BB had to rub it in by saying Eli was a loose liberal leftist who put sexual freedom over traditional morals and good behavior. She informed the guys to stay away from Eli lest they become baby fathers. One of her cronies said she came from Babylon and sent on a mission to defile the good will of Christian Society. It wasn't just her peers that gave her flack. So did the school staff and the Sacks family. John Junior's sister Haleigna (pronounced as Hel • eign [like the word reign] • ah) Sacks vented her anger in the hallway as soon as Eli was identified despite her disguise. "There you are tramp! (Smack in the face) Thanks to you, my brother can't get married into a good family because of you, you stupid whore of Babylon.". 

Her teachers gave her dirty looks or the cold shoulder. One of them gave her the evil eye. Her health teacher gave a planned lecture about safe sex and personal responsibility. Of course it was planned on the Wednesday before the party, but now this teacher made her the example of the class. Everytime he spoke about doing drugs, getting drunk, pregnant, and ruining one's own future, he mentioned at the end " ... like certain persons." It was a subtle nod to Eli, which he did repeatedly during the lecture several times. One classmate shouted "We know who that is, Eli!" The teacher reprimanded the student and had him removed from the class. It's hypocritical since the teacher himself was responsible for this. But he was the kind of person to act high and mighty.

Worse off was being scolded by the school principal. "It is your generation that is spoiled, selfish, and sinful. I always told your mother her children need a father figure, but Moira wouldn't listen. She always boasted about raising a good girl. You know I came to believe Brady might do this, but not you. Not you! And thanks to you, my son won't ever be seen as a worthy bachelor for proper marriage. I have home-schooled him for his protection from bullies." He went on and on while Eli had to sit there quietly taking in all he said to her. Since they didn't want their reputation damaged, they chose to protect their son by saying Eli was the responsible party for tempting their son.  Typical conservative chauvinism. Always blame the female but the males are always squeaky clean. And if you're from a prominent household, you can be protected from society. 

All Eli wanted was one night to wind down from all the stress in her life, from dealing with an overbearing single mom, a selfish brother that always made her life difficult since he was 4 years old, and a cat that always behaved hostile. All she wanted was to love that cat since she was small. One night to relax surely couldn't hurt right? And it couldn't lead to this right? But it did. And there was no taking it back. And on the same Monday after school, she had to attend a parent-teacher conference about the party. There, Eli had to give a speech, stating an apology for her wrong doing. Of course, it was also hand typed by the school and church higher ups to cover their butts and image for the community. The speech had religious and politically correct language for the parents. 

And she had to stand in front of all the angry parents when speaking the prepared apology speech. As a result, parents assumed she was the one responsible for the party. Even after the truth came out she wasn't the host, it made no difference to them. The parents heckled for her expulsion while others demanded she is suspended or arrested, never graduates, or take a test to determine she didn't give std's to anyone. One person even demanded an exorcism. To Eli, they were a terrifying mob ready to pounce on her without mercy. Only being on a high stage and being surrounded by security guards armed to the teeth protected her and her family. One parent questioned Moira about her parenting. "My daughter stays out of trouble due to staying at home or going to church, and she is always by my side. You should do better keeping your daughter out of the hands of Satan."

Her brother Brady also faced comments and jeering in middle school. And all because of his idiot friend posting the party on Facebook, and Brady himself for posting his sister pissing herself. Moira didn't fair any better at work and amongst immediate family. There too she faced questions and comments about her parenting and her daughter's behavior. Even at home, Eli's life wasn't any better. She had to deal with her mother's disappointment, her brother's selfishness, and the scorn from her mother's side of the family. Gertrude, the Alderidge family cat, was still ..... Gertrude. She growled away for no reason when she saw Eli, unless it was her meal time. Then, it didn't matter who was around. "I can't transfer you to another school. I don't have the funds for that and suing the school either. And I am not having you testify what you did. You think I have it easy? I have to face all this too. I get asked how I raised you and why I didn't stop you from going." Moira exclaimed. "We all have to deal with the fall out of your choices, and Brady's stupidity. There is no way we can escape this. We have to live with this no thanks to you." "Yeah thanks sis. You just had to be a slut. Now I'm getting flack too." "Brady shut up. You didn't help by keeping silent. You knew she was sneaking out of the house" At this point, Eli couldn't believe her own mother wouldn't or couldn't do more to help. And of course her brother always added insult to injury along with Gertrude.

The questions and judgments, dirty looks, her family's anger, were all too much.  She had to talk someone about how she was feeling but who would listen? And still her friends were M.I.A. Eli dropped her friends and no longer wanted anything to do with them. Eli just didn't want to go back to her school. In fact, she didn't even want to go home either but where was she to go? Eli wished she didn't go, wished she could just dissipate, or even get away to let this all blow over. Eli started becoming very depressed and ashamed of what she did. 'It wasn't supposed to end like this. I just wanted one night to myself. I knew this was a wild party but I didn't think I would get this out of hand. And why am I being blamed for everything? I wasn't the only one to go and get drunk, or have sex. Why is it all my fault?'

As a result, Eli began resorting to a habit that she usually engages in when she needed stress release. That was drinking plain coffee in a large mug. Normally she drank one large helping of coffee but in this case, she drank up to threw helpings to ease her already stressed soul. Of course she tried praying, but the guilt, the worry of becoming pregnant (even after taking several tests), possibly being expelled, having to go through another day like this, how she might be viewed by God, caused an overall depression. The coffees just helped to drown out the internal pain she had, but even at nights she would cry herself to sleep. How could she sleep? All she could think about was her fate as a senior, her standing with he school and society, and her own personal health. Plus, she didn't want to go back to face all the judgmental students at her school. She knew how bad things got and didn't need the whole student body asking her things or treating her as persona non grata. 

This week passed sluggishly for Eli as time seemed to move slowly, prolonging the pain of each day. On Thursday of this week, things reached a tipping point. She came home without saying a word and to a empty house. Brady hadn't come yet due to bus traffic and Gertrude was outside for once. That meant she didn't have to take any flack from anyone. She ran upstairs to her room and locked the door. She didn't come out except for dinner, and making enough coffee for several helpings. That night she remained in her room locked inside and undisturbed. Not even to leave for a bathroom break. At school, the bullying reached an all-time high, and no one did anything about it. She just wanted to leave behind her miserable existence. She stayed up until who knows when doing who knows what.

Fyi: Noxbille High School originally had nine 45-minute class periods. One period for lunch, one period alternated for study hall and gym class, and seven periods for specific classes. Two years ago, two extra periods were added during a meeting with the school district board and state board of education. This initiative was done by conservative parents to keep students in school and out of trouble as best as possible. They didn't want their children wasting their time on tiktok or doing acts of hookie. They also streamlined the classes at the school and cut many programs too to save on school taxes. Now, gym class and study hall were separate periods, and a religion class was added. The class periods are as follows:

First period: 7:30 am to 8:15 am
Second period: 8:19 am to 9:04 am
Third period: 9:08 am to 9:53 am
Fourth period: 9:57 am to 10:42 am
Fifth period: 10:46 am to 11:31 am

Sixth period: 11:35 am to 12:20 pm
Seventh period: 12:24 pm to 1:09 pm
Eighth period: 1:13 am to 1:58 pm
Ninth period: 2:02 pm to 2:47 pm
Tenth period: 2:51 pm to 3:36 pm
Eleventh period: 3:40 pm to 4:25 pm

Lunch was offered between sixth and eight periods, with the cafeteria constructed large enough for the student body at those periods. Gym classes were offered from first to second, eight period to eleventh period, and study hall was offered anytime of the day. It depended on how the schedule was determined by the main office. Since the village was runned by conservative Republican majority, the only courses approved were the sciences (physics, chemistry, biology, basic appliances, automotive engineering, and earth sciences), government and history (world history, American history, American government, laws and rights), mathematics (math for everyday life, technical math courses [advanced algebra, trigonometry, pre-calculus, sequences, graphing]), economics (macro vs micro, capitalism vs communism, business, accounting, personal finances), reading/writing/grammar/research skills, home economics, wood shop and tools, Christianity, and the arts (sculpting, drawing, painting, and calligraphy). 

The arts was added to appease the liberal crowd whose children had talents in the arts. As for the religiously inclined, the school added a course in Christianity for those most religion-conscious parents. They felt their children were in danger of being radicalized by secular society and liberalism. Originally, the course was named Catholicism and it was mandatory. The Sacks family helped with this push using their connections with the Church and State Board of Education. They felt it was their moral duty to save all children of God from sin by providing religion. But sadly, the most secular and leftist of society made a huge uproar over it, especially those who were or had offspring or adopted children that were gay or transgender. 

They felt this was an infringement of the first amendment on freedom of religion, or in this case no religion. In addition, they felt this was against the separation of religion and secular governments which the Founding Fathers of America put forwar. Catholics insisted that this came about from their religion, but the secular minority explained it came about by secular founders of this country to prevent religious indoctrination, prevent the power of centralized religion from taking over, and creating consternation against those who aren't Catholics or even Christians. In the end, the initiative went through based on a compromise that the school can offer it as an optional course, but it should be offered as a course to explain Christianity in general. Plus, the school would make room for different sects of Christians in the village and host after school Christian services for students who want to go by choice, not force. 

The initiative went through but it was met with mediocre response, for the most part. The majority of the parents felt a little bit satisfied, though not very much. At least Christian services were available and more periods were added to keep their children in school. The diehards, including the Sacks family, weren't happy the measure came to this. They felt things weren't better without taking drastic measures and going defcon 1. And this party would go down in Noxbille Village history that liberalism and sin were still prevalent to corrupt their children.The transgenders and gays still didn't feel satisfied that religious courses were offered in a public school. Furthermore, they feared other religious initiatives might be put forward and possibly get passed. They felt the balance of power and freedom had changed from an all-inclusive village to a village living in the proverbial stone age of stupidity. As a result, LGBTQ and woke families chose to leave for a more conducive town or city.

Main plot: It was a cool and windy 62°F-Friday morning in June. A peculiar cold front is passing by to deliver the last of the winter weather. The daylight hours already brightening the sky due to the summer months, shown through around the window shades like a corona around a solar eclipsed sun. Though the neighborhood was quiet the town was bustling with vehicles and businesses for the day. The sky was awash with puffy, somewhat dark grey clouds. Down below at the Alderidge residence, all seemed fine but things were sluggishly moving. In Eli's room, moans could be heard along with the creaking of a mattress. It was Eli turning and tossing while sleeping. "No no nonono stop it I didn't mean to please not that please not that. Stop." Eli continued to toss and turn, and eventually it reached its crescendo. 

"Aaaah!" She cried out, startled from her sleepy coma as her subconscious saved her from whatever horrible fate was about to occur. Her eyes wide open, her breathing loud and heavy, and sweat all over her face, her torso and groin. After 10 seconds, Eli began to realize it was a dream and calmed down. "Oh thank gawd it was a dream." She continued breathing heavily for the next few minutes until she was fully calm. Eli proceeded to look to her right, which only gave her a new sense of dread. "Oh no I'm gonna be late". It was 7:00 am and she had to be in school by 7:30 am. She had to be up by 6:00 am everyday for breakfast, get ready and leave by 7:00 am. Moira usually dropped her children off to school since she couldn't afford bus service and didn't approve of them going by themselves. 

However, when Moira was too tired to drive (like today), then it was different. By foot, her school was 30 minutes away. Eli quickly removed the blanket off herself and immediately went for the bathroom outside in the hallway. Good thing she stayed in her school clothes. She wore a purple long sleeve shirt, a beige ruffled skirt that covered down to the middle of her thighs, and white undergarments. The clothing she wore is as shown below:

Though her clothes were a little wrinkled, she looked moderately well. She had brown, wavy hair and brown eyes. Despite her unkept hair, it still looked like it's usual wavy nature. However, it did need a simple brushing. It was very beautiful and voluminous. She has Caucasian skin, not pale, nor dark or tanned, but in the middle.

She came to the bathroom door only to find it occupied as she usually does. But Brady is usually done way before now. She  banged on the door, calling out to Brady. "Brady, open up I have to-". She was cut short by Brady. "Go away sis. I'm tired." "Brady open up now. I don't have time for this." Brady's temper flared as usual when he doesn't want to listen to his older sister. "**** off and stop bugging me!". "Brady-oohh .. oh gawd what the ..... Oooooohhhhh!". Eli felt overcome with unnatural urge to urinate, as if it suddenly manifested. She tensed up her body, instinctively kept her legs closed together, and put one hand on her groin. 'What the heck? What is this?' Eli thought. At first she didn't understand what was happening.

'Why am I ... oh the coffees and water.' She finally realized why she this unnatural urge to go. Eli knocked on the door, calling out to Brady to finish up in the bathroom. Again, Brady gave the same response. Eli chose to cut her losses and go to the downstairs bathroom. Eli made her way towards the stairs ever so carefully and quickly in small steps. Once at the stairs, she took each step at a time down to the first floor. "Come on come on come on!" She said to will herself to move faster before she has an accident. Each step felt like a million thuds, each thud funneling her growing ocean towards the exit hole. She could feel her golden ocean sloshing around inside herself. Just as she reached the 3rd step from the bottom floor, a familiar sight came to block her path. It was the black-furred, green-eyed cat of the house, Gertrude. 

As usual, Gertrude stated at her with a stand-offish look, snarling at her. It stood there poised and ready, waiting to see what Eliwould do. "Buzz off damn ca-aaaah". Eli was cut off by her need to pee. Gertrude, poised to attack, hissing aggressively to face her long time foe. Eli didn't have the time nor the patience for Gertrude's nonsense, especially because of her need to go. Eli chose to ignore Gertrude's stand-offish attitude, lifting her foot, she attempted to brush Gertrude aside. Gertrude took the approaching foot as a sign of danger by lifting her front right paw, followed by a vertical downward and forward motion against Eli's right foot. "Ah! Stupid cat! Damn you I don't have time for this-oh!" She swiftly pushed Gertrude backwards with her foot, sending the cat tumbling backwards down the stairs.

Eli anxiously made her way to the downstairs bathroom as quickly as possible, feeling her urethra quivering from the pressure against it. Once there, Eli noticed the door closed almost completely. Just in case her mother was inside, she knocked on the door. 

"Mom, are you in there. I need to go". At first she didn't hear a sound, so she knocked again. This time, her mother mumbled something about having a headache. Moira had trouble sleeping too and didn't want to speak with Eli. After a whole 120 seconds, she gave up waiting for her mother and brother. "Screw this. I'll go at school." Unfortunately, that meant going by foot, passing many blocks of residential homes. She hobbled over to the kitchen sink, quickly slapped some water on her face and her hair so as to not look like a zombie. But she didn't consider the effect of cold water on herself. The refreshing and cleansing feel of the cool water didn't just help to remove all the sleepiness. It also sent a chill on her face and down her spine, causing her to shudder a bit. "Gaaaahhhhhh!" She moaned. For a brief moment she shuddered, temporarily loosening control of her urethra muscle for a split second.

But that was enough to nearly spurt even a drop of her pent up ocean, potentially leaving a wet stain the size of a dime. But in truth, her pee jetted closer to the exit hole ever ready to escape and flood down below. In response, she instinctively contracted her urethra muscle which only increased the pressure, and therefore the urge to go. "Uuuu....". Eli bent forward, wincing and grimacing in desperation trying to will this urge to subside. "Damn it subside." This urge lasted for a good long 30 seconds, each second felt like forever as her urethra throbbed with the overwhelming pressure from within. "Rrrrrrrrrrr!" She whimpered in a strained voice trying to hold it inside her with all her focus and energy. After those 30 seconds, her urge subsided just a bit, providing her some relief and reprieve. Eli breathed hard as she regained her composure. 

Suddenly, a twinge of pain came across the right side of her left ankle ever so swiftly and sharply. "Ouch! (Eli turned around) Get out of here Gertrude." The cat growled back followed by another swipe at her left foot. Eli retracted her foot, then used it to shew away the cat. Gertrude wouldn't let up as she continued fighting back. "Oh gawd oh I can't take this. Ouch!". 

After the seventh swipe, which made its mark on her foot with a red streak, Eli kicked the cat in the face, causing it cry out in pain. It ran away in defeat and misery, purring in shame. All that fighting with the cat caused her pee to be funneled back to the exit hole, threatening to flood her legs and the floor. Eli looked up at the clock in the kitchen only to be greeted with the disparaging time presented. It was 7:10 am, only 20 minutes to get to school. 

Luckily, Eli had all her school books and her purse nearby. She ran for her things, swiftly put her purse in her backpack, put the backpack on her back in one swing, slipped on her shoes, and left. Eli couldn't wait for her mother and her brother to get out of the bathroom. He always hogged the bathroom and complained about other girls. He always made chauvinistic comments about females taking too long in the bathroom but what about him? Even their mother was upset at Brady's length of time in the bathroom. Sometimes, it was his laziness or he was playing a pokemon game on his phone, or he was chatting on the phone. Rarely was it because he was actually sick. Eli was always in and out if she could help it. 

She made her way across the street down the intersection to the next street directly opposite her house in the intersection. This street, Fritz street, was a mile-long street surrounded by residential homes on both sides. Outside, the winds blew, moderately disturbing the vegetation and American flags. For Eli, the weather wasn't a source of relief. She wished she took a coat or hoodie for some warmth and protection from illness. She kept her arms close to her chest while holding onto her skirt for dear life. Eli continued down Fritz street, awkwardly walking as fast as she could without grabbing her crotch. Each step she took against the pavement was another impact reverberating throughout her whole body. Such vibrations only served to create discomfort and pain as before. She wished she went at home and her family didn't hog the bathrooms in their house. 

She could feel all of her pee inside her bladder and urethra, sloshing around as it crashed against the inside of her urinary tract organs like tides hitting the rocky shores of a cliff side. Eli told herself to keep going and ignore the pain to will herself to hold it no matter what. Eli was adamant about avoiding an accident up in herself like she did almost a week ago. Just then, she remembered her dental care. "Shoot I forgot to brush my teeth. Oh well at least I flossed." Eli thought. It was 

7:15 am, and still only about a quarter mile down Fritz street had been traveled. It was hard to walk or run while trying to stay dry. Her mind and heart raced with the anxiety from the pressure against her tortured exit hole and the fear she wouldn't make it. Panting and breathing laboriously, Eli tried to keep her pace but alas, the restricted breathing forced her to stop for a moment.

"Rrrrr!" Eli whimpered trying to hold back the urge to go. The intensity was so great she couldn't move for a couple of seconds. No matter how hard she contracted her urethra the pressure wouldn't subside. Eli couldn't just stand around so she continued her journey a little slower but still with haste. Fritz street seemed to go on forever, adding to her to woes. "Comeoncomeoncomeon" she said over and over again. Houses upon houses galore and still no end insight. It seemed as though she wouldn't make the trek in time, and before her dam busted open. Her mind became flooded with the idea that she won't make it, adding to her already overpressured bladder, as though her organ sensed the growing possibility it wouldn't make it and pushed for release now. 

Her bladder contracting, further pressuring her already strained urethra. Instinctively, she increased her speed to obtain relief she so desperately was seeking. But it was easier said than done when her body was stiff, her mind all to focused on staying dry, and of course being unable to inhale more air due to her need to exert energy towards holding it. It hurt a lot to hold so much, especially without any breakfast. Eli continued her journey towards her school when she heard the faint sound of tires traveling upon the pavement. She stopped and looked behind her only to see a black-colored sedan approaching her. She removed her hands from her skirt and straightened her torso to prevent anyone from noticing her desperation. Eli hated others knowing she had to go. Even so, she couldn't completely hide her need to go. 

The driver finally caught up with her, parking close to the lefthand sidewalk (whete Eli walked), and lowered the window. It was none other than the school jock, Cassidy Cockrin Stokely. As per usual, he was worshipped by all the dumb girls and nerd students fauning over him. He was charming and athletic but egotistical, chauvinistic, and macho. "Hey sup' girl? How's the weather over there in Babylon? Oh that's right, dreadfully sinful you whore! Aaaahahahahahahaha!". While laughing and raising the window, he threw his piping hot coffee at her. The coffee itself landed on her shirt/skirt covering her lower abdomen. She cried out in pain while Cassidy drove off. 

The stinging pain not only caused her to flinch but also nearly loosen control over her muscle holding back her golden ocean. She danced around from the burning sensation of the coffee against her body. All that moving around made her urge to go rise in intensity. Again, she had to fight off the intense urge to go. For a brief moment she considered the possibility this was it and her hour arrived like last time a week ago. But she kwot on walking regardless. She kept her arms close to her chest to stay warm and avoid the chill. Of course, it didn't help she carried a backpack with all her notebooks and textbooks, and still not a driver yet. Moira couldn't afford driving lessons nor another car for her first born daughter due to financial issues. She needed Eli to finish high school, get a job and earn real money. 

Halfway through Fritz street, Eli's need to go reached a new pinnacle in intensity. "Mmmmmmmmm!" She whined, grimacing hard from her trying to hold it back. "UuuuuuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMM ... mmm ...  uuuuuuuuuuhhh..." She whimpered. Eli squatted to relieve the pressure against her tired urethra due to the power of gravity. She expressed serious distress as she stretched her face into a wide grimace. Her eyes kept shut tight and torso bent forward. Normally, she didn't have her hands in her crotch, but today she did. Her inhibitions were at war with her natural instincts to hold herself like a school. They were like two voices both yelling at her. But in the end, she chose to keep them there for extra security. She didn't need her exit hole bursting open with her piss. 

She stayed like that for a good 60 seconds before her wave of desperation subsided again. She took another 10 seconds to calm down before she got up again and kept going. "I wish public outhouses were available right now!" Eli thought in her soft spoken soliloquy. Poor girl just wanted an available toilet. 'Just magically produce a toilet for me. Just once and that's it. I won't ever ask again.' Eli thought. It was 7:20 am, and still the other half of Fritz street to travel, and then another street to go. She checked her phone which have her more somber news. Her phone showed only 10 minutes remained before classes starts and still not close enough to her school. Her already frantically beating heart muscle kept on pounding, adding to her stress and worry about having cardiac arrest. Though the pressure down below subsided a little, it wasn't enough to reduce the anxiety she felt about how dangerously close she was to wetting herself before.

She could feel the pain of trying to lessen the urge by contracting her urethra. This was as good as it was. "Got to get to school got to get to school ...." Eli repeated over and over again in a strained softly spoken voice. Eli had more to travel while under this duress. She could contract her urethra to extremes but it wouldn't do much except further restrict her ability to breathe. When you contract your muscles downstairs, you also strain your diaphragm inwards. Her bladder was so overfilled, bulging to the point it pressed against her skirt and underwear waist bands. She felt the pain from it as a stinging pang. But she trudged on through the pain to prevent what happened last week. Every step she took was another jolt on her poor, already tortured urethra and any one of those could cause her to burst open like a wine bottle whose cork flew off big time. She felt the sloshing of her pee inside her already distended bladder. Eli contemplated the possibility of it bursting inside her and the nightmare that would ensue. 

She snapped put of it quickly to take her mind off the possibility. She told herself not to think like that. She held her bladder before, sometimes for several hours when she was younger helping her mom or taking care of Brady. She was a trooper and wasn't about to give up now. But her need to go was so overwhelming that she thought perhaps she might not make it. It was now 7:26 am and still more ways to go. At this point, she could only do a mild, awkward jog out of caution and exhaustion. Her body screamed for a bed to rest upon, aching from the lack of sleep, and now the straining from holding her pee. At the same time, Eli began to sweat underneath her shirt and inside her underwear. That meant a loss of water and a need for liquid replenishment. But Eli chose to forgo drinking her Gatorade. That would only add to her need to go. At 7:28 am, Eli reached the last 3/4 of Fritz street when near disaster struck big time. 

Eli stopped to take a breather and deal with another urge to go when a new presence was heard. Suddenly, a loud noise began polluting the air with its presence. It was a constant and cacaphonous ruckuss which wasn't just loud but also unfriendly. Eli gasped, flinching in the opposite direction of the noise, turning to see what it was. In the process, she loosened her grip on her exit hole, allowing her pee to jet to just a nanometer away from where her urethra stops. Luckily she stopped it from jetting futher, preventing even a small drop from escaping. This time, her efforts would not help her at all. No matter how badly she tried she couldn't lessen the pressure on her poor urethra. Eli tried to tell herself she could hold it and ignore the pain, even if she arrived late to school. But it wasn't going to work this time. 

The loud noise kept booming in spurts, with time in between each boom. It was a large pit bull roaring at Eli for who knows what reason. "Damn ... d-dog ..... ugh ... oooooooo!" She said. She wished that damn thing was put out its misery. "Thank goodness we don't have a dog." She said. Eli tried to stand up slowly, but then came back down to squatting. "MmmmmmmmmmmmmMMMMMmmmh

....." She moaned. Poor girl was about to burst or pass out from an exhausted heart muscle. If only she could just get to school her troubles would be over. She only had a minute left to get to school and still no where near close enough to her school. Eli kept her right leg double-wrapped around her left one, with her hands in the crotch area of her skirt and underwear. She whimpered trying to exert as much of her strength towards not wetting herself. 

She bobbed up and down, breathed heavily, and bit down hard on her lip. But nothing could quell this. Nothing will. Only relaxing her urethra will help this situation but she wasn't an animal nor a small 2-year old still undergoing potty training. Despite her situation, she kept moving as fast as possible. She told herself to keep moving and she could hold it. She reasoned that if she could make it to school by 7:40 am, she could make a straight b-line for the restroom, and get to class by 7:43 am. Eli was not the type to waste time in the restroom despite being a female. At 7:35 am, finally at the end of Fritz street, she made the right onto the next street. At last, only half a mile left to go. Here, Eli could see her school in the distance, so close yet so far. Her heart still racing, her body still exhausted, and sweat forming on her face and chest. 

A thought entered her mind 30 seconds later. Eli considered letting some of her pee escape her to relieve some of her pee from herself. Of course she considered doing it carefully knowing she might let too much go. But there was a chance she might not be able to stop it, especially if a car driver or pedestrian walked by. It was now 7:38 am and still only a small way to go before reachijg her school. She could see a whole crowd of students outside the main entrance. She looked perplexed while struggling to hold it all inside her. By 7:45 am, Eli finally madenit to her school. Eli hobbled over to the crowd of students and a school staff worker waiting outside along with the crowd of students. The winds didn't help her situation, blowing around her, dropping off their coolness onto Eli, giving her a chill. She shuddered for a brief moment, almost causing her to loosen control of her urethra muscle. 

"Excuse me .... w-what's the i-issue Mrs. Dwightbury? Eli asked in a weak manner. Mrs. Dwightbury was head of the main office, taking calls about students unable to come to school or arriving late, and taking attendance during fire drills. Mrs. Dwightbury looked at Eli with confusion and worry. "Are you okay?" Eli didn't want to say though she couldn't hide it. "I have to use the bathroom really badly." "Oh don't worry this drill shouldn't be more than a few more minutes. It started just as school was about to start. The principal said the cause was a malfunction of the fire drill system. Its being fixed by out maintenance crews." Mrs. Dwightbury replied. "Who's your first period teacher?" "It's Mr. Plotski Mrs. Dwightbury". "I must say you look awfully familiar and unsightly bouncing up and down. I understand you have to go badly, but have some dignity young lady." 

Eli agreed but her need was so bad she just couldn't help but fidget and bounce. "I kn-know but ... oh gawd!" Eli retorted while holding herself like an elementary school child, scissoring her legs together, bending forward, and hands in her crotch via her skirt. Other students and staff workers were either too busy to care, or took notice, snickering or keeping their thoughts to themselves while mentally thinking all sorts of judgments. But as per usual this week, Eli had to face inappropriate comments. One student did notice her and screamed "The pisswhore is going to blow Niagra falls." The teacher nearby scolded the student, rendering the student silent. One female couldn't believe a senior in her grade, one that knew of her before and after the party, was in her grade level. She didn't want to look her way again.

Eli tried to ignore the other students, but her cheeks just couldn't help but flare a bright blushing red, again. "Wait a minute, you're that girl who defiled herself with the son of the honorable school principal. Ah you dirty girl, already did the deed and wet yourself, and now again ready to soil. Ugh! I can't believe I ran into you." Of all the things to say to a student in the morning time. Eli gave a look of annoyance and just outright digust. Eli thought why wont the school jusr get over what she did and move on. She felt bad enough as it was. Mrs. Dwightbury finished her attendance sheet, and spoke. "Alright, you're teacher will be notified. Just stay put-" but she was cut short by the vice principal. "It's alright come back inside now".

Relieved, the whole student and school staff body began re-entering the school building one at a time. Eli hobbled inside at the very back of the crowd, luckily not in front of anyone who might push or jostle her, causing her to leak. Despite being so close to relief, she kept her exit hole closed as possible to prevent an early release. She went straight for the nearest bathroom on the first floor. Since her school has always been a republican-runned school district, it wasn't a huge campus, and didn't have a second floor. All rooms were on the first floor, and no basement either. Even the disaster shelter at the school was on the first floor. After passing through the entrance, she made a left towards her first period class, Reading class. She had to pass it to reach the nearest bathroom. Luckily, the crowd of students in front of her only went to their classroom, reducing the traffic in the hallways. 

It made going to the bathroom easier and safer. Each step was painful yet she knew relief was mere feet away. Of course she stayed vigilant of herself, but her bladder and urethra, sensing her potential relief, upped the intensity of her wave of desperation. It seemed as though there was always more ground to walk upon to go from point a to point b. She wished the universe reduced its own spaciousness just once for her sake. Never again would she ask for this accommodation. 'Gawd I have to go. Come on Eli just a little longer.' Suddenly, a student running for class coming from the other side of the building ran past Eli, bumping shoulders with her

It startled Eli, almost causing her to leak. Her whole body shook, and so did her urethra, almost loosening its grip on her ocean. But Eli willed herself to keep holding on and remain dry. 

Tears accumulated in her eye lids, now running down her face. But she had to go on for her sake. If she wet herself again, and in school, she would never hear the end of it. It would lower the reputation of her school even more and increase the judgments against her. And of course Bethany Bordeaux would exercise her rights to be more judgmental. Eli was just about to pass the doorway to her first period class, picking up the pace of her strides, when her teacher called out to Eli. 

"Elissandra, where are you going? Class is this way (pointing towards the class)!". Eli responded weakly, hoping her plea would be heard. "I know b-but I-". She was cut short by Ms. Stern, the high school hallway warden. 

"Excuse me, it's time for class young lady. This school doesn't need more delinquency, let alone from you." Ms. Stern exclaimed, while physically herding Eli into her first period class. "Hey stop stop I have to pee badly. I need the bathroom!" Eli cried out. There was relief only a few feet away, only for the chance to snatched away. Her bladder churned and protested, as her urine sloshed around. Her bladder was a bloated balloon ready to burst. Her exit hole ready open up under the pressure. Ms. Stern didn't show an ounce of empathy towards our main protagonist as she herded Eli to the nearest seat in the front of the row directly facing her teacher in the classroom. "You should have gone before coming here. Grow up!" Ms. Stern retorted and left the classroom. 

Mr. Plotski removed the door stopper, closed the door, and began his lesson about the planned topic. Since she was in no position to fight or protest, she sat there defeated. Eli was stuck in class and unable to empty her overfilled bladder. Of course it wasn't locked but she couldn't leave the classroom as she might hit one of the students still passing by her classroom from being outside. Therefore, she had to wait a while before asking for the bathroom. Mr. Plotski lectured on, not caring about anyone's nonsense or questions for the bathroom. Of course he was this way due to the false alarm, but he was always like this. "If we turn to chapter 18 on page 233 ... ". There was nothing she could do. Eli, battling her urge to urinate, thought about her missed chance to urinate. 'Stupid Ms. Stern. I'm gonna wet myself if I don't go soon.'

Ms. Stern was the newly annointed hall monitor, or as is known, the hallway warden. On behalf of the school principal, and knowing how high schoolers are, she was in every position to regulate hallway traffic. It was her job to remove students from their lockers or the restrooms, and get them to class. Some students used the restrooms as an excuse to do drugs, or do a meet for two-minute sex. Others chatted up a storm at their own or others' lockers. It meant wasting time and coming up with excuses for being tardy in class. Despite some rebellious students, most got their act together. Ms. Stern ensured the hallways were under control, along with a few other staff members and students chosen by the school to help with this initiative. 

From 7:46 am to 8:15 am, Eli sat stewing in her dilemma while the lecture went on. And it was visible for everyone in her immediately vicinity to witness. She couldn't help but softly whimper, keeping her left hand in the crotch area of her skirt, making pained faces and breathing heavily. Of course sitting down did alleviate her need to go, but she still felt severely bursting. One girl wanted to tell Eli to be quiet but that might mean disrupting others too. A few girls showed their annoyance or snickered at Eli for her immature apperance. One of them secretly called her the scarlet wetter or scarlet playgirl. "So why is the character here pointing to this place? What can be surmised by this? What is the symbolism?" Mr. Plotski asked the class. 

It had been 10 minutes since the class started. Already, fidgeting and causing some distraction for other students, wincing and shuffling her feet. She desperately needed to go and fast before it was too late. She could feel her exit hole moist and burning, her pee ready to lightly dampen her undergarment. She tried rocking back and forth, gritting her teeth, biting her lip, grabbing her skirt, and shifting in her seat. However, nothing worked to cause her urge to subside. Eli tried not make any facial indication of her need, but how could she not when her immense need remained, sounding off in her mind and paining in her abdomen. There was no way she could focus like this. She couldn't even write properly. It appeared as chicken scratch or scribbles. 

"Why me? Why this? Why couldn't I be allowed to pee?" Eli thought. After those first 10 minutes, Eli had enough of this torture. With the raise of her hand, Eli attempted to get the attention of her teacher. Mr. Plotski continued with his lesson on the chalk board, completely unaware of her plight. A few of the other students hoped he would turn around and allow Eli to go, if only so they could focus better on the lesson. Sadly that wasn't happening. After about 60 seconds, she put down her right arm, tired and still fighting her urge to go. It seemed the universe was after her now. Of all people, she was now the universe's next victim to cause desperation. The minutes moved at a snails pace, moving every 60 seconds, and millisecond. 

It seemed time was moving purposefully slowly to make Eli suffer, just waiting for her to erupt in disgusting yellow fluids, gushing out of her with great force. The teacher droned on and on about the two characters, what their character development was, and how other characters were simply supporting their growth, while being foiles to each other. By the time of 8:09 am, Eli found herself very exhausted physically and mentally. Since that damn dog barked, her urge hadn't subsided enough. She wondered how long this was going to keep persisting. She wondered when she could just go for a bathroom for freedom from this burden.

Her poor urethra kept sending a storm of neurotransmitters telling her to stop this and release her from this nightmare. Her heart raced in response to this fight or flight response. 

Other students around her really wanted her to go now. They didn't want to be caught in the flood, including their possessions. Some students commented amongst themselves concerning Eli. "Let's make a break for it before the geyser blows its top." "Yeah but we can't right now. At about 8:15 we run for it." "What a loser! She can't hold it before and now she can't hold it again? Seriously? This whore is gonna be the embarrassment of this whole school." "I hope she blows so we can capture it all on our phone for Facebook viewers." One student had went so far as to tap Eli on the shoulder to ask her something inappropriate. "Please piss yourself. I'm really turned on!". Eli would have punched that male student of she didn't have to go so badly. 

Her mind, feeling overwhelmed by her fatigued body, her heart racing, and her need to go, just wanted to go braindead. The time was 8:12 pm and still the bell didn't ring. Oh how time went by so slowly, inching towards the end without a sense of urgency. She remembered how time used to fly by when she was younger. She wished time would pass slowly when playing with her friends, or when she stayed over at her maternal grandmother's house. She hated that 1 week with her grandmother because it went by so fast. She wished it would slow down, have mercy on her and make the week seem longer. But now, she wanted nothing more than to see that wish reversed so she could just go.

After shuffling in her seat, she raised her hand again. By this point, her face expressed the 'Oh my gawd I can't hold it anymore!!!!' look. She kept it raised for about a minute, when after that, Mr. Plotski turned to face the class. 'O good he saw me' She thought, hoping to be relieved of this nightmare. But instead, Mr. Plotski turned to see the time, and in reaction, chose to keep lecturing. "Just bare with me for another 2 and half minutes past the bell. It's very important. This is my time and I'm not done yet!" Mr. Plotski said. Eli turned beet red, holding back an endless ocean upon an endless ocean, anger filling her heart and mind. 

'This damn jerk is gonna be the death of me, and my dignity. I'm not gonna make it. I have to pee noooooow!' Eli thought. Time ticked slowly, seemingly inch by inch, millimeter by millimeter, dragging out the last few minutes plus extra time for Mr. Plotski, as though her childhood seemingly stolen in favor of her teacher. She could barely right a single letter at this point and missed so much information due to her lack of focus. She would have to ask one of her classmates later. Finally, the bell rang. But she knew it wasn't going to lead to anywhere. Knowing that she won't be able to leave, she could only suffer. And of course the hallway warden stood outside. She didn't care if she didn't pay any attention or if she was rude. She just wanted relief. If only she didn't have so much coffee and someone to talk to. Damn school gave her this anxiety and stress. It's their fault not hers, right? 

It was 8:15 am and still after the bell rang, the class was forced to remain. Some students didn't care to listen as they also had to get lost asap. Their next class starts at 8:19 am, and some classes were far away. Some had teachers that wouldn't be so kind about their tardiness. "So who can tell me why this is an allusion not an alliteration, and what does it foreshadow about the character Gertrude? ..... anyone?" Asked Mr. Plotski, hoping someone was paying full attention, and understood what was going on. Eli looked around with squinted eyes, hoping someone would answer him so she could get out of here. At first no one dared to answer the question for any number of reasons. 'Oh come on someone I gotta pee damnit I gotta pee!' Eli thought. After about 39 seconds, relief came at last. A hand raised, to which Mr. Plotski said "Yes?". The student replied explaining about the situation and character progression. "Very good Fabean!" Mr. Plotski replied. He finished writing down the information, put the cap on his marker, and proceeded to open the door. 

Once the door opened, a swath of students ran out the door, like a bunch of school kids from the cartoon show Recess, where the kids are just happy to leave class for home. Behind them was everyone else ready for the next class, and then Elissandra Alderidge. She staggered out of class with a dirty look. The restroom was in sight and ready for use. It remained the next door over a couple of feet down the hall, just beckoning her to use it. She still had less than a minute and a half before the next class period started, but she didn't care if she was scolded by her next teacher as long as she got relief. Just as she was 1 yard away, the worst happened. The female janitor Sheela Sanchez came out of the girl's bathroom with a look of frustration. She saw Eli, only to give her the bad news.

"Sorry the bathroom is off limits. There is a major flood due to plumbing issues. I have to quarter off this restroom. It may mean shutting off the water to the restrooms. Sorry chica. Blame Las Mujeres Alphas clique." "Nonononononooo ... " "Look sweetie I can't let you go in there it's a health violation. Try another bathroom. I won't turn off the water for another 10 minutes. You'll have enough time to use another bathroom after speaking with your next period teacher." With that, Sheela slapped the 'Don't enter' sign on the door, locked it, and walked away. Eli looked pleadingly, with tears in her eyes, that begged for granted permission. But it made no difference as Sheela walked away. 'Why this? Why am I being punished with this?' Eli thought.

Las Mujeres Alphas were a clique devoted towards disrespecting and challenging the status quo in the name of freedom and individuality. That ranged from breaking almost all rules and protocols, whether is was something as basic ettiquette such as wearing shades or hats in the classroom, something as mild as not having the appropriate textbook for the lesson, or as serious as public urination in odd places. 

This clique didn't have an issue speaking down to authority figures, ignoring their orders, and mouthing off against unfair rules, like dress code. Their members are all females of various backgrounds, but predominantly Hispanic or from Spain, speaking Spanish. Their leader, Lydia Litzschild Cortez (better known as Bruiser Blitz), was known for being butch and mowing down guys in rugby. Go figure.

Bruiser Blitz hated being defined by others. Lydia, the leader, was a Spanish Jew. Bruiser Blitz was not like most conservative religious Jews, being rebellious against God and traditional views of females. She didn't mind telling boys off and being an unsuitable candidate for marriage. Bruiser Blitz took the greatest offense to those trying to decide her fate and persuade her to throw away her convictions. And she hated political and religious propaganda, whether it was Republicans trying to pass laws preventing students from using Tiktok or Zionists talking about their chosen one complex. She also hated conservatives in government who want to involve themselves in a woman's body choices, like whom to sleep with and when to be pregnant or aborting pregnancy. 

The other members included Latinas, Spanish, British, Japanese, and African, and Korean Americans. Many were from  Christian backgrounds, some from Jewish backgrounds, and a few atheists. They knew they weren't traditional and didn't care for being seen as demure only to be picked on. This group often got into disagreements or outright fights with certain groups. Those certain groups were perceived to have or outright rubbed them the wrong way, such as commenting on their rebellious clothes (implying they were hooligans and heathens) to being outright 

judgmental. They hated the elitist and judgmental groups, specially the Anti-liberal Pro-patriotic Christian Society of America. The ALACSA, led by Bethany Bordeax, always looked down upon and took antitolerance policy against those who don't respect America's flag, recite pledge of allegiance, respect for police and soldiers, and don't worship Jesus. They felt this was America and any natural born citizen or legally naturalized citizen should show respect to those risking their lives for safety, respecting the flag in America, and follow American culture and religion, period. They definitely didn't care for illegal immigrants and gangs.

Again, Eli's chance was robbed from her just like that. Eli wished there was an open toilet lying around she could just plop herself onto, let loose her burden, and be free. Eli stood there thinking about her next move. 'What do I do? Think Eli, think. I have to pee so badly and now! But I can't afford to miss class again, get a phone call home, and upset my mother more. But if I don't go soon I'm gonna end up with a flood. Wait what if I go to the nurse's office? Yeah she has a bathroom. I'll just say I was coming from the nurse's office. Ms. Weiser will understand.' But then she remembered she might have to explain herself, which might mean she could end up being denied access to their bathroom. Eli knew time ticked and she had to choose. With that Eli chose to go to the nurse's office for the bathroom. 

She figured she could make an excuse about health reasons like dysentary. But her conscience wouldnt allow that. She figured she could get away with simply saying she was at the nurse's office. At the nurse's office she could say she is feeling pain and needs relief. She didn't like lying but this was an emergency and she did have a full bladder. She could say she has abdominal discomfort, which wasn't far off from the truth. Her bladder was overfilled, causing her to feel a significant pang inside her. It wasn't a total lie but she didn't have to explain the whole situation. Either way, she had something she could say as an excuse. She wasn't the type to explain personal information to others as per the Alderidge policy of privacy. They did believe in the 4th Amendment. 

Eli carefully made her way through the crowd of students and staff workers, going to different classrooms. She moved as quickly as possible due to her need to go without bumping into another student and stressing her urethra. Halfway there to the office, the bell rang 8:19 am, though Eli planned out what her excuse would be to her next period teacher. Luckily, no one from Ms. Stern's hallway brigade caught her. Some students were still in the hallways, forming a huge crowd which she couldn't walk around or push through. She could only walk slowly behind them. Each step felt as through it would take forever to get there and the vibrations were enough to increase the intensity of her urge to go. 'Why won't this crowd move. Damn it move.' She thought. She was bursting so badly and now she might not make it. She had to move quickly before the water system was turned off. 

After another two minutes (8:21 am), she finally made it to the main office. 'Finally relief is here!' Eli told herself while keeping her exit hole shut. She didn't want spurting like last Saturday trying to re-enter her house. She made a fast b-line for the nurs's office. There she changed her face into a frown. There was a queue of people waiting in line for being seen by the nurse Fiona St. Patrick. "Can I help you?" Fiona asked. Eli, replying frantically, told her the truth. "Ihavetosobadlyandithurtssomuchtoholdit. Fiona saw the pained expression and abdomen holding gesture. She could see Eli's face beet red from stress and her wincing in pain. Fiona understood this wasn't a usual pee emergency. This girl was absolutely about to burst and holding it was unhealthy. "You'll have to wait your turn Scarlet A. We were here first and there is already someone inside the bathroom, hurling her brains out." one student remarked. Eli only heard the part about gueue and occupied bathroom as she approached Fiona. "Ihavetogonoenorelse-oooooohhhhh ..... uuuuhhh .... aaaahhhhh". 

Fiona could see her dilemma as did everyone else.  But she had to admit that the student was right. "I see your dilemma but we have a system of being seen. (Taking Eli's arm) You're here so just wait another 10 minutes okay?" Eli didn't have time for this. "We don't have 10 minutes. The school janitor Sheela is going to shut off the water to fix an issue at one of our bathrooms in less than 10 minutes. I can't wait any long-aaaaahhhhhssssss". Just then, a blonde-haired girl of about 23 years old came inside with news. "I have word from Sheela that we won't have access to the restrooms for about an hour or possibly more. We need to finish up with the bathrooms asap." The other students, deriding Eli as a pariah for trying to cut the line, stopped jeering at her. 

Fiona got up and knocked on the door to the bathroom. "Dennis open up. Others have to go too." But all she could hear was more hurling. "Dennis?" She called out. He replied "I am going as fast as I-(hurling)." Fiona tried to assure the others and Eli they would have the bathroom as soon as possible. Suddenly, the same 23-year-old girl came in saying really bad news. "Excuse me everyone. Sorry to report but I was just told all bathrooms are off limits now. I asked for more time be given but the principal ordered Sheela to turn it off now. I'm truly sorry-" but she was cut short by Eli. "No she can't she said 10 minutes. I can't hold it another hour-oh gawd oh gawd oh....." She stood there legs pressed together and hands in her crotch. 

Eli was denied another chance, and so were other students too. Everyone whined and complained, including one 9th grader complaining of a bad stomach virus, ready to burst with the number 2. "I also can't wait my bowels are gonna .... (gasp) .... (burping noises, several times in spurts) ... 

Eli couldn't believe what's happened to this poor girl but what could she do? Was this her fate? Eli was terrified, the other students also feeling awkward, and the nurse took action to provide paper towel sheets along with brand new clothes, ready to call her parents to pick her up. That poor girl just started sobbing, while the 21-year-old couldn't help but feel terrible. "Damn school. How can do this? Shutting off the bathrooms like this. And over only one bathroom? I'm so sorry everyone I didn't want to report this. Darn school principal." 

Eli had no choice but to leave. She asked if there was any other bathrooms or some other facility, but there was none. She even asked if the school was going to another location, but that was up to the school principal. Just then, the loudspeaker for the whole school boomed with the voice of ... you guest it. "Good morning eveveryone. 

This is your principal speaking. The bathrooms are off limits for the next hour or two. Please be advised that we won't be moving to another school for facilities as this will only take an hour or two. Have a good day!". Eli couldn't help but curse in her mind towards the principal. Now she had to endure possibly two more hours of this hellish nightmare. Her body and mind were exhausted and just couldn't keep this up. Her will power spent and still holding on. Of course, she held herself and grimacing, bending forward and double crossing her legs. Just then, outside some shouting and screaming could be heard. 

"Enough of your nonsense and get to class. Why do we always have this argument with your damn kind? It's undignifiying!". "Well may be if you old school adults with your damn right wing religious crap weren't so damn intrusive and controlling we wouldn't so argumentative Ms. Stern!" Ms. Stern, already red faced angry, just lost it. "The filthy undisciplined bad-blooded immoral trash is whats wrong with the youth today. You learn nothing and do nothing useful. We work our butts off for what? To be disrespected? We should never have made society better for the next generations. It's made your-" but she was cut short by the student. "Everything is our fault all because us youth DONT BOW DOWN TO ADULTS WHO DEMAND RESPECT BUT DON'T BELIEVE IN GIVING THE SAME. ALL YOU SELF- RIGHTEOUS HILLBILLIES DO IS PREACH A GOOD LIPSERVICE LIKE DO UNTO OTHERS YOU WANT DONE TO YOURSELF. WELL GUESS WHAT? YOU GET WHAT YOU DESERVE. SO BITE ME AND GET OFF MY ***! GO FIX YOUR OWN LIFE!". 

With that, the angry student wearing only a leather jacket and pants, high heel boots and some punk rock jewelry stormed off. Everyone in the room just remained silent until the blonde from earlier spoke. "Alright nothing to see. Go back to class or office duties." Eli left for her class. It was now 8:25 am and already 6 minutes of her class period gone. The principal and Ms. Stern spoke in private about the situation just then. "I'm fed up with those brats and if we start takjng action, it's a ground for possible lawsuit. What are we to do? Las Mujeres Alphas are unruly and don't adhere to any code of society or this school. They respect nothing and only make outbursts when pointing it out. They need to go NOW!". The school principal agreed and began brainstorming a plan to rid the trouble makers from this school.

8:34 am: more than 15 minutes have passed and still 2nd period occurred. For Eli, the next class was sculpting. Sculpting was fun and hands-on, which she liked more so than drawing and painting. But today, she didn't want to sculpt anything whatsoever. She was depressed, tired, and bursting beyond belief. This next class was down the hall passed Mr. Plotski's class to the end, and 3 doors on the left side of the hallway after a right bend in the hallway. In Ms. Weiser's class, the lesson had to do with sculpting a bust of another person. "As you can see making a human bust requires some additional effort as opposed to an inanimate object." Ms. Weiser explained. The class was learning about why its important to take into account the challenges of sculpting another person. Just then, Eli walked into class. "sculpting is a challenge, not to be taken light ... Oh Eli I see you're late by a minute ... Eli are you okay???"

Ms. Weiser was put off by this spectacle of a late coming student looking so strange. She saw Eli holding her crotch like a 5-year old child about to wet her pants. She couldn't understand what this was about, and why her once promising students seemed to be worsening her already ruined dignity. Here she was teaching her students about sculpting and instead, she is greeted to a student behaving (as far as she knew) strangely. She couldn't wrap her mind around this. Even the rest of the class viewing this was wondering the same thing about Eli. Some thought she might burst as she did at her home while hanging onto the tree branch near her house. "Ms. ..... Weiser I ... mmmmmm oh gawd ... I.. I was d-del-layed by Mr. P-Plotski and ... (labored breathing) ... i was coming from the nurses o-off-fice. I couldn't u-use th-the rest ... room because th-the s-school n-nurse sh-shut off the w-water system." Ms. Weiser, shocked by this spectacle and the reason for it, couldn't help but feel sympathy but also helplessness. 

Just then, the vice principal came inside. "Ms. Weiser, you need to come with me to the main office for a some time. I'll have Mr. DeMartino sub your class." Ms. Weiser left the classroom, briefly explaining to the sub about her lesson. Mr. DeMartino came inside picking up where Ms. Weiser left off. Eli already found her seat at the middle seat of the very first row of desks when entering the class. Again, she sat there squirming in her seat, holding on for dear life. From 8:36 - 8:48 am, Mr. DeMartino finished the lecture about sculpting a person. "Make sure to watch the model as your doing the work. Careful with mistakes because not all mistakes can be fixed." Eli sat there with her hands in her lap to prevent a flood, as per usual for today. 

Eli shuffled her feet backwards and forwards every so 2 minutes, which again didnt help alleviate much. No matter what she did, she couldn't seem to lessen the intensity of her need to go. Eli tried to pay attention, picking up the basic gist of the lesson as before. But taking notes wasn't going to happen. How could she write like this? She couldn't think straight and pretend the pressure to stay dry was nonexistent. At one point during this 12-minute portion of the lecture, Eli instinctively took a sip of her Gatorade, then another, then another and another until she finished the whole bottle. 

Eli became so thirsty and full of anxiety, having her Gatorade was her mental response towards her predicament. It was similar to a person's defensive attitude or subconscious reactions to somrthing. But she knew this would bite her in the groin later on. 

Poor girl just wanted to use the bathroom. Why was the universe seemingly against her? Why? All she did was have sex with a boy ... well outside of marriage and at a party full of alcohol and other acts of debauchery. And she snuck out to go there. So was this divine or cosmic punishment? Or something else? She could only speculate. So far no spurting or leaks. But how much longer could she handle this? Her mind and body were tired, desperately wanting to let go of this pain. 

Every part of her sweat like crazy, tingling with the sensation from all the straining. Her wave of desperation became so bad at this point that her exit hole was ready to give out. It was a miracle not even a small drop escaped. Suddenly, Eli was brought back to the world around her by her teacher by 8:48 am. 

"Excuse me, you making weird faces. Since you're not going anywhere any time soon, you will be the model for sculpting for your portion of the classroom. You six will attempt to sculpt her as we discussed. Eli, please do well to remember that your peers have to sculpt you so try to stop fidgeting like a child. The rest of the class will be divided into the front left, middle front middle back .... " . Mr. DeMartino droned on as the class rearranged itself for the class exercise. Eli couldn't believe her luck. Everyone around her had their focus on her, a girl ready to go on herself. And if she went, forget it. Just then, the substitute teacher handed her a paper with an image of a model pose "Oh and Elissandra, this is the pose you have to do. Eli looked at the paper illustrating the pose. Her eyes widened big time. "I can't do that! Mr. DeMartino .... (panting, whimpering) oh gawd." 

The students around her seemed worried about asking her to be the model. One of them felt sorry for her but what could she do. She couldn't make the plumbing be fixed anytime soon. The others talked amongst themselves. "This girl's gonna burst. I've seen it on Pornhub whereby the girl purposefully gets desperate and wet herself." "Can't wait for thar Sid." "Guys knock it off. That's so nasty." "Yeah yeah whatever Rin. Geez!". Rin was the girl that felt sorry for Eli. Her name was Rin Kurama.  Rin was an 11th grader, the only 11th grader in this class, and the only 11th grader whole school taking sculpting class this year. The pose was of course done while fully clothed, and not naked or only wearing a towel. But Eli understood the pose shown to her and the danger it posed to her. The pose is as shown:
 
Though the image above shows the pose, her right foot had to rest upon the desk where her books were. She removed her right foot from her right shoe, placed her foot on the desk, and put hands into position. The pose only increased the intensity of her need to go thanks to gravity. Already, she felt the weight of what felt like a bowling ball as she tightened her already throbbing urethra, burning from the constant straining. One of the male students, asked his question point blank about this exercise. "You sure you'll be alright? You don't look so good." Eli, already mortified and beyond feeling embarrassed, felt even more  embarrassment for being asked this question. " .... " was her response. She was about to make some comment about being alright but she just couldn't bring herself to say a word. 

From 8:50 am until 9:04 am, Eli had to maintain the pose set for her. What else could she do until the bathrooms were available in an hour. The students around her began sculpting her, being fully aware of her need to go. She stood there wincing and gritting her teeth, slightly bent forward and stiff. She breathed loudly and audibly to those around her. Nothing she did could stop the intense need to go since the barking of the dog. It remained a nuisance. She scrunched her face and pursed her lips, even scrunching her left toes. But nothing worked. The other students had to tell her to stop fidgeting twice. Rin, especially, had to tap her on the left leg.

After the first 5 minutes, Eli had to stop posing due to herbwave if desperation. "Waitwaitwait stop .... mmmmmm .." She stepped down from her desk. Luckily, the others students chose to give her a break and regain composure. After all they, did make out the contour of her body and hair, and her face was already done. Eli stood there with her hands in her crotch. Her heart raced again, breathing labored, and body stiffened. Wincing and grimacing as she tried to hold back her ever dire unrelenting ocean of pee from flooding the surrounding vicinity. And now, she had to hold back the urge to yawn. She was exhausted and tired, ready to just let it go. Her body was ready to let it go. It was right at the end of the exit tunnel (urethra). 

Rin, though feeling put off by this site, raised her hand to get her teacher's attention. "Mr. DeMartino can we have a new model instead. This isn't going to work." Mr. DeMartino, assisting other students, didn't seem to bother with the situation. Rin kept her hand raised for the next 60 seconds only to be dissmayed that her teacher still didn't seem to notice. It was 8:56 am and still only 8 minutes left of class. Eli sat back down in her seat to alleviate her need but another student reminded her she had to continue. And following that, now her teacher takes notice. "Elissandra get back on that stool now. Class isn't over." Elissandra, still not confident in her ability to redo the pose, got up slowly and carefully for the pose. 

From then on, Eli maintained her pose for the duration of the class period. Again, gravity did its work on her golden ocean causing it to pressure her already strained exit hole, and you know her reaction. This time there was no room for breaks. She had to wade it out or get scolded again. Her classmates, while working as hard as they could to focus on the task at hand, couldn't help but notice their model on the verge of and explosion. All Eli could do was wait until the class period was over or if the bathrooms were available. Thankfully, her urge didn't get worse yet as her body still didn't finish processing the Gatorade before filtering it into the kidneys. By 9:01 am, Eli's urge skyrocketed to unnatural pressure. She had to hold her crotch. "Oh gawd!" She cried. This annoyed her classmates sculpting her, especially one of those six students. "Damn it girl I just made a mistake. Can you just hold still? I know you have to go badly but please stop doing that." 

Eli replied "Bite me. I can't help it I have to PEE!". Rin wished she could do more but she had to side with the male student. "Doug is right. You just have to hold it and suck it up. We can't do this if you continue doing fidgeting." Eli couldn't believe the lack of empathy. She wished she could just run out of the classroom, even if she was written up. But without a functioning bathroom what could she do. "Besides we can't allow you to stop for another break. We're almost done." Rin said. Eli reluctantly agreed to hold the pose without fail. By 9:03 am, the sculpting was almost done when the substitute teacher called out to the class. "Stop. Class is about to end. We'll pick this up later. Go wash your hands." 

The students sculpting were able to wash their hands while the models got their things together. After 55 seconds, the bell rang to end the period. Eli remained seated while letting the rest of the class leave. Again, she didn't want to be hurried out of class nor jostled or bumped. Eli contemplated pissing somewhere no one would know, perhaps meeting with Bruiser Blitz, to go pee. Eli couldn't take much more of this. The last time she peed was yesterday afternoon before coming home. For two hours this morning, her need to pee has been her immediate problem. And it hasn't gone away. Basically, she hadn't peed since last night after dinner and having all those coffees on top of two helpings of water (full glass), and now Gatorade. Once the classroom was empty, she got up for her next class period, Comparative Governments.

That was runned by none other than the most balanced of conservatives and liberals ever, Mr. Ingersoll. He knew both ways of thinking, and how to live by the best of them while acknowledging the weaknesses. He wasn't a diehard or wallflower. He understood the importance of America's influence in the world and its detriment. He knew that it wasn't just about power, but understanding and wisdom. He taught the assigned curriculum without the bias associated with it. He wanted children to be patriotic without being indoctrinated or ignorant of the past. He was both respected and hated by different people. Though he taught people to be patriotic towards America which earned him respect from general conservatives, yet also disdain for not going far enough by the diehards or being conservative at all by diehard leftists. 

Either way, Eli liked him very much for his approach. She wished more people were like him. His class was in the direction of the main office, but past it. Eli had to move quickly to avoid having an accident and get to a seat. Sitting wasn't ever going to help but she could at least alleviate her need even to a small degree. She stayed to one side, walking awkwardly and trying to avoid students at their lockers, or leaving their classes. And besides, there was a chance the bathrooms could be used after about an hour. That meant she could ask to go at about 8:26 am or around that time. Hopefully, she could. It was a proverbial minefield to avoid tripping over backpacks, students at their lockers, and trying not to get bumped by students. 

Eli found it difficult to keep up with the crowd due to her need to go. Every part of her wanted to stop and just let it go. Or just deal with the urge that pestered her. At one point, just as she was about to pass the last class before the left turn bend in the hallway (right turn bend when coming to the sculpting class), she couldn't go further. Someone poked her from behind annoyed and flustered by her demeanor. "Yo ***** can you move it? What are you doing?" Eli put up an innappropriate gesture to indicate the boy should go take a hike. She made the right turn into the classroom for calligraphy to sit down for a moment. Yet again, she had another huge urge to pee to deal with.

Again, her golden ocean funneled towards her already tortured exit hole. Again, Eli tried to lessen the urge by forcing her urethra muscle to contract. And again, it wasn't going any further than this. She rocked back and forth in one of the classroom seats to no avail. Before sitting down was a relieving but now it wasn't. All that Gatorade now hit her hard, especially after standing up. It was too much. She grimaced and winced in pain, gritting her teeth, whimpering softly, all in vain effort to try to hold it. Her heart raced and pounded from this torture. Eli seriously considered doing what Bruiser Blitz had done recently. She had to pee like crazy. But there were students outside passing by. She could close the door and pee into a garbage bag while leaning to one side of the classroom away from the window of the door to the classroom. 

But then, students might have to come inside for class. Eli was left with no other alternative but to keep holding it until the bathrooms were available. Eli carefully got up and made her way to her next class. Her need to go didn't go away but it did subside a little. Still breathing heavily and now taking big gulps of air. Poor Eli just wanted to use a toilet. Never did she ever consider the possibility of going in odd places, nor ever being this desperate. Not even when she came home from the party did she ever consider this. But now it was all too much. 'I shouldn't have had all those coffees. 8 large helpings of extra strong coffee was a bad idea, on top of the water from dinner and now the Gatorade. Oh I wish I wasn't so depressed. Damn school. No this is my fault. But it was the only way to deal with the flack I have been getting from school.' She thought to herself. 

It was 9:06 am and still more than half way to go. She made the bend around the corner and kept going. Luckily, there wasn't anyone directly behind her to rush her or potentially step on her feet from behind.

She walked with the flow of students like a swimmer moving with the current of a river. Albeit awkwardly and in great distress. It was a miracle she held on this long. She passed by classrooms and the bathrooms, inch by inch, second by second. Time seemed to move slowly as they walked a certain speed while the clock kept moving forward. It was a strange relativity thing going on. Just then, while wincing and squinting, she didn't realize the crowd of students stopped. She bumped into a taller male student in front of her. "Oof ... sorry." She said. The student brushed it off. Suddenly, shouting and yelling could be heard. "You tramp I knew it I knew you were seeing my boyfriend. You slutty cheater!" (Girl 1). "Ouch! You *****!" (Girl 2). "Stop it's not what you-ow!" (Boy). "You cheating lying no good excuse for a man. I can't believe I fell for you. I'm done with you and your whore. Have fun in hell lovespawns of Satan" (Girl 1). "Don't talk to her like that!". (Boy). Eli, like the crowd of students didn't have time for this. 'Moveoreseillpeemyself!' She thought. Others in the crowd started to get antsy. They had class to get to as well. 

"Hey move the soap opera nonsense to one side. You're blocking the hallway!" A student from the crowd yelled out. The Boy from above nor the two girls cared what they said. Girl 1 was just too angry to care. "I told you she was no good but you never listened to me. You said everything was fine and nothing would happen. You tried to paint me as a jealous *****. And look at what happened?" (Girl 1). "I didn't steal anyone. Fred (Boy) loves me and moved on from you. So blame yourself Jess!" (Girl 2) said. Jess (Girl 1) turned beet red, but Fred stepped in. "Listen you always got so wound up on things and you never listen to me. She doesn't judge me like you do. You're always a controlling *****!" Jess really turned beet red. 

Just as Jess was about to speak, the crowd of students still being blocked off by these three started jeering at them to move. "Come on move it." "Take it outside!" "You're making us late for class!". The trio in this love triangle yelled back "Screw off!". Jess turned back to Fred and Girl 2. "If I was tight wounded it's because at some point you stopped being responsible and stopped listening to me about helping in our relationship or even standing up for me. For example, we aren't rich people to spend money on expensive things that don't help us, like your stupid video game consoles. And honestly, who tries to order a freaken gerbil farm? What can we do with that? Huh? How is that going to help us? You don't even know how to raise gerbils!" 

The crowd was getting more upset by the moment that these three were doing this here and now. One of the girl's besides Eli, way in the back of the crowd, yelled at traffic "Damn it, move it now. I'm pissing myself please oh no nonononononononoooooooooooooo." This poor girl, bobbing up and down, holding the crotch of her tight white colored jeans, desperate from all the water she drank from gym class, desperately trying to get to her next class to avoid wetting herself. She knew that she couldn't use the bathrooms. But still, she couldn't hold it standing up anymore. By the time the crowd stopped she spent through her last dregs of borrowed time. From then on, she bobbed up and down, holding herself and bobbing up and down, walking in circles frantically. But at this point she began spurting quick jets of her pee. It was spurt, stop, spurt, stop, spurt, split half second, spurt, then split second, and now pissing. She tried to contract her urethra but it couldn't hold back her ocean. She was pissing even though it wasn't full force. 

Eli, way more frantic than this girl, but her finger nails like a squirrel eating nuts, rubbing her thighs like a maniac, pacing and breathing frantically like as though the end was near. As soon as she heard the girl scream no loudly, seeing her white jeans turn a dark grey, she turned away. Her bladder and urethra turned up the intensity meter to a higher reading. She began wincing and gritting her teeth. Again her heart raced and body stiff. Her breathing labored and her mind flooded with every signal and instinct to piss herself then and there. A few of the guys and girls shouted at Jess, Fred, and Girl 2 move it or wrap it up. But Jess ignored everyone and kept yelling at Fred. "And worse of all, you expect me to perform sex acts I'm not comfortable with. These are things pornstars do. I'm not Erica Jordan, Misty Anderson, or Anna Morna you idiot." 

Fred started getting antsy that everyone in school is hearing their personal life. "Quiet you're making a scene." "Don't tell me to shut up. I am done with your nonsense and your new whore Illisha (pronounced ill • lisha)!" Jess yelled back. "And if I make a scene, it's because yelling is the only way to get through to you." "Back off pyscho*****!" Illisha yelled back. Jess didn't hold back anymore and slammed Illisha with one righteous fist of fury with the strength of 5 strong women. "Aah!" Illisha cried as she fell to the floor passed out. "Illisha!" Fred cried out. He turned to her and just as he was about to sock his now former girlfriend, Ms. Stern showed up with Principal Sacks. "That's enough! Everyone get to class NOW!". The crowd sighed relief and for once thanked the hallway warden.

Eli, still frantically biting her nails, began moving with crowd, softly whimpering. "Hmmm .... hmmm hmmmmmmmmmm ...". She couldn't bare this nonsense standing up while holding what felt like a bowling ball. As for the girl who wet herself like a kindergartner, Ms. Stern severely scolded her and took her to the main office for removal from school. She was punished with out of school suspension. A few nerds with their phones out captured the event and posted it on their Instagram accounts. The title read "The new pisser of Noxbille!". Though the girl tried to stand up for herself, Ms. Stern shot her down every time she spoke.

Back to Eli. She quickened her pace to class due her frantic demeanor. By this point, her urethra muscle was more than exhausted. It throbbed with a burning sensation due to all the lactic acid fermentation going on. It was the body's way of producing energy molecules known as adenosine triphosphate, but only so few and not efficiently. The other byproduct was lactic acid, which causes the burning sensation. She knew her muscle wouldn't take much more and eventually weaken, severely increasing pressure and the intensity of the urge to go. Just Eli passed the main entrance and the main office, the bell rang. "Great I'm gonna be late to class again." Eli said to herself.

She wished she could just zip on over to class like Jessie Quick or XS from the CW channel show The Flash. But no strange dark matter particles were exploding today. After another 30 seconds, she showed up for her class. Immediately, she frantically scanned the room for a seat to plop herself down upon. Eventually, she found herself a seat in the middle of the middle row of the class. She quickly hobbled to it, removed her backpack and plopped down on her seat. Her urge subsided a little bit. Eli sat there breathing heavily, trying to calm down and reduce her stress. Of course she still gripped her skirt for dear life but she tried not to hold herself. Still, her bladder pained and her urethra felt the pressure strong as ever. 

Oh how she wished the bathroom was available now. 'Damn it Sheela open up the bathrooms already. I gotta go!'. Suddenly, Mr. Ingersoll came in, shut the door and apologized for the tardiness. "Sorry I'm late. I had an issue with the head of the history and government department. I'm here now, so let's begin. Last time we began our lesson on the differences between oligarchs and monarchs. The differences are in the number of rulers in charge over the populace." As with the last class, she focused well enough to write only chicken scratch. She only got the main points of the lesson. For example, she noted the number of rulers in both types of government:

Monarchy = one ruler has all the power

Oligarchy = a few people have all the power

Eli continued on this way for the rest of the lesson, counting down the minutes ticking away. She looked at the clock intently, waiting for the loudspeaker to boom by then to give permission to allow for using the bathroom. Eli was dying inside for that sweet sweet relief. For two hours and counting, she had been holding all that in turbulent fluid just begging for freedom from the dark confines of her body. Each minute that ticked away felt like it was another eternity that passed by. It wasn't long now before her time came to get that relief she figured. It was now 9:18 am and still no word from the school principal. An hour had almost gone by, yet it didn't alleviate Eli's anxiety or her need to go.

Every two minutes her urge to go came back, haunting her with a great passion. Her mind flooded by signals that her body needed relief was ready to let it go. Eli was ready to let it go. All the bodily stress, the fatigue, the straining, all made her mentally scream inside. 'Why me? Why me? Why me? Why this? And because what? I went to a party? I drank coffees? Whyyyyyyyyy?' Eli thought. Eli squirmed in her seat, trying to alleviate her need to go, constantly re-adjusting herself in her chair. It became so frequent, every 30 seconds moving around, that the boy sitting behind quietly caught her attention. "Psst psst hey quit moving around I can't see what's on the ink board." The boy student whispered. "S-sorry i-i .... I'll stop ....  (nose breathing) ...". Eli apologized to him and resorted to shaking her right foot rapidly while her right thigh was pirched over her left thigh. 

She had to fidget in some manner. At times, she stopped to deal with her urge to go when it became so overwhelming. Not that it wasn't already but still. Eli watched the clock tick by slowly and painfully casual. 'Come on damn it I have to .............. aaaaaaaaaaaa this urge is .. is ... is killing me. Oh I wish the damn toilets would come back on again.' Suddenly, the loudspeaker boomed with the voice of the school principal. "Hello hello this is your school principal speaking." 'Thank God I can go!' Eli thought wit relief, slightly sticking out of her seat. But the message was anything but helpful. "We are experiencing some technical difficulties and we ask for more of your patience. Due to a blockage and some additional pipe work, we need an extra two hours maximum (Eli's heart sank) for this job to reach completion. It could be less than that by a minimum of at least 70 more minutes. Thank you and we apologize for the inconvenience. And no we're not going to another school. Thank you!" 

Eli screamed in her mind in utter appall and a sense of ........... sheer fed-upness. After everything so far, she was yet denied again! Again! It seemed the universe really had it out for her. 'What the hell is this? I have to pee like crazy and still they can't fix one damn issue? What the hell are we paying that cheap ******* in school taxes for-ooo oononononononono!'. Eli couldn't believe what she was hearing. Here she was dying for the bathroom, squirming like crazy, tired and fed up. And still she couldn't get to a single bathroom. 'I wish I risked getting caught peeing in that trash pail now. Anything is better than this. At least I would be free of this and if I was sent home. I could sleep. But then mom would never let me hear the end of it. And my school would call me two-timing pisswhore.' She hated the situation she found herself and wished something would change for her. Just this once.

But Eli wasn't the only one who needed the toilet. Just then, another female student desperate to pee made a scene. Her name was Xiao Qin (Zhao Chin, I think), a Chinese American student who had to pee since the end of pre-first period cheerleading practice and first period gym class. She drank too much coffee at the local dunk'n donuts before cheerleading practice, and now it all added up. "I can't hold it anymore. Screw looks. I have to go now." "Xiao no sis. You can't!" "Aaahhhhh!" Xiao sighed. Mr. Ingersoll called out. "What's this? Hey what ware you?". The whole classroom was polluted with the sound of a pitterpatter. "Xiao!". "I couldn't sis I just couldn't Yue!". "(In chinese: This is so typical of you. Always drinking so much coffee and then waiting so long. Ugh I can't even ..." Yue plopped her face in her right hand from being annoyed. 

Mr. Ingersoll seemed to be in confusion, but the whole class wasn't. Xiao had this wonderful expression of relief on her face. A big wide smile stretched from side to side of her face, her mouth dropped to the floor in sheer happiness and freedom. The look on her face made Eli's face turn beet red while wincing and squirming. 'Damn girl, look at you. That's supposed to be me. I am supposed to be relieved, not you. I hate you-ooooh!' Eli thought, expressing the most dirtiest look on her face at Xiao. After 15 seconds, Xiao was done, got up and walked to her desk. Yue snapped back in Chinese. "Hey, what are you doing? After you others sit in that seat! Mother raised you too!" "Oh piss off Yue!". Xiao sat back down in front of Yue. Yue, with a shocked face and mouth dropped to the floor, couldn't believe the shame that would come upon her family.

Mr. Ingersoll asked once more. "What happened? What's going on?". Another student, Fineaus, chose to answer. "It's simple teach. She took a big piss in your trash pail like one of those porn girls who wait until they can't hold it and piss on themselves or in odd places. Just like the Scarlet pisser Elissandra from last Saturday. And she went commando too (gasps from orher female students). But next time raise it a little higher for better ratings ". The girls gasped and commented on this perverted comment. Eli wanted to deck this jerk for bringing her into this while Xiao just felt too much at ease to care. "Oh and further more, Xiao didn't use a wipe herself". All the girls just totally cried out in annoyed whines, like "oh come on don't tell what girls do." Eli blushed a bright red. 

Mr. Ingersoll turned beet red, thundering his next order. "Xiao, Fineaus, go the principal's office now. No ands ifs or butts. Xiao before you go to the principal's office you should know youre not sitting in that seat when you come back.". They went for the principal's office quietly. Yue had her face in the palms of her hands. Eli tried to keep her ocean inside her. Suddenly, another student called to the teacher. "I think we may have another live one. Check it out! (Pointing at Eli) She's about to burst big time. Right scarlet pisser!" Eli flared a deep red blush. If she didn't have to go this bad, she would have told him to shut his mouth. And all the student commenting against her thanks to this fool.

Everyone in class was afraid she was gonna burst. Even Mr. Ingersoll saw her squirming in her seat, her face scrunched and eyes squinted. "Eli are you okay?" He asked. "Alright I have to pee like crazy but I'm not like Bruiser Blitz or Xiao. So stop assuming of me, and that was one time last Saturday-oh!". Not everyone felt the same way. But the bathrooms were out of order. Where could she go? Now wasn't the time and seeing Xiao's pisscapade, the regret of not going in a trash pail disappeared for now. "Go go to the bath- oh wait they're closed off. I'm terribly sorry and don't worry about Finneaus! I will speak with him later." Mr. Ingersoll, having no choice, returned to his lecture. The class wouldn't finish until 9:53 am. Right now, it was 9:28 am. That meant another 25 minutes of class and still more time to go before the bathrooms were available. 

She could do nothing but sit tight. She squirmed and fought to keep her golden ocean inside, draining energy, and mental willpower. Its all she could think about at this point, to prevent everyone's expectation she was a two-timing self wetter. Time ticked by without any urgency while Eli and whomever else was in serious need. By the time it 9:40 am, Eli was completely preoccupied on her need to go that she couldn't even partially listen. At this point, she had her hands in her crotch, her body leaning forward and face squinting in sheer agony keeping her trap shut. Her golden ocean pressured her poor urethra, hot and boiling water ready to burst forward from it's oppressed state, ready to shoot out greater than Old Faithful. She tried to be discreet as possible, quietly shuffling her feet,  vertically shaking her knees rapidly while keeping on her toes, grabbing her skirt and at times covering her mouth if in trying to hold it, she whimpered. But some already could tell she wasn't going to last for much longer. 

Fineaus came back to class while Xiao didn't. According to Fineaus, she was sent home for her actions. Yue knew she would hear it from her mom big time. They were fraternal siblings and born on the same day, but Yue came first so technically she was the older sister. That didn't stop 

Fineaus' friend Stephen (from earlier) making another comment stating that Eli will blow worse than Mt. St. Helens quietly amongst his friends. Of course Eli could hear the snickering behind her back. By 9:47 am, Mr. Ingersoll began handing out a paper assignment for in class work for the remainder of the period. Eli tried not to seem troubled so as not to give any more away about her, and more ammunition to the dumb guys. But she just couldn't hold back the ocean that readied itself for floodfall. No matter how hard she contracted her urethra, it wouldn't cause her need to subside. 

Her ocean wouldn't go back further, remaining right up against the exit hole where her urethra ended. 'I wish I was a guy right now. That would give me more time.' Eli complained to the universe in her mind. Not to mention the pain all that pee was causing her urethra muscle. While not excruciating, it was significant. At this moment, being transgender or hermaphrodite wasn't so bad. She attempted to do the work with the time remaining. "You may use the textbook and your notes if you would like class." Mr. Ingersoll added. He went back to his desk to finish writing up some documentation, perhaps a daily report of today's going on. Eli couldn't even hold a pen, let alone focus. She could see some of the questions she could answer and others not so much. Her heart raced and breathing stiff, her body sweating like crazy and now begging for rehydration. But Eli just couldn't allow herself for even a drop of water or anything. She couldn't eat lunch until eight period, which was her lunch period. And that was several hours away from now. 

Eli tried to write as best as she could in broken chicken scratch, while occasionally stopping to hold herself. She didn't even pass the first question when suddenly, she accidentally dropped her pen onto the desk, rolling over and onto the floor. "Crap!" Eli softly responded. It kept on rolling away due to momentum and kinetic energy. She had other pens too but a lost pen was still a waste. It was 9:50 am and still only 3 minutes before class ended. No amount of sitting helped her anymore and standing was out of the question but she would have to stand eventually. She grabbed a pencil from her backpack and tried to finish the answer to question 1. Luckily, the assignment wasn't a quiz. 

Eli quickly answered and moved to the next question she could answer.

Question 2. How many rulers exist in a monarchy? What were monarchs?" 

Eli wrote: 1 ruler.

She wasn't in full focus and not in great shape to put a properly written sentence. Brevity was all she could muster. 

Question 3. What is the number of rulers allowed to make up an Oligarchy?

Eli: 'uuuuuuh oh man what is it? Mmmmmmmmm.....'

Eli sat there grimacing and wincing, gritting her teeth, biting her lip, shifting her feet forwards and backwards, squeezing and contracting her urethra, her heart racing faster, body stiffened to unnatural stiffness, breathing loud and jarring, and everyone in her immediate vicinity caught this in the corner of their eye. They all wanted to leave as soon as possible. Just then, the bell rang, which was the queue for everyone. They got their things together and left asap, followed by everyone else. No one wanted to be around for when she exploded all over the place. Fineaus and Stephen approached Eli with yet another snarky remark. "Yo scarlet P let it rip girl. Gotta go sometime! Ahahahahahaha!" Mr. Ingersoll called out to them to stay for a speaking to. Eli wished to punch him one day. Fineaus was always being a class clown. Eli carefully got her things together, carefully got up, and walked one step at a time. She inhaled big gulps of air, thinking happy thoughts to lessen the anxiety and desperation upon her. 

It worked for a bit as she walked towards her next class. She did forgo that one pen, leaving it behind. Eli continued her way towards the other end of the school for physics class, runned by the dry and no nonsense teacher Mrs. Finkletin. She was the proverbial Dr. Cooper/Dr. Fowler of the school's physics department. (I will do my best to portray this character). Eli had to pass by the remaining classrooms, students leaving their class and entering it simultaneously. Again, each step she took was torture. Standing up yet again gave gravity the ammunition to tug on her distended bladder and urethra. Her urine, having immense mass and now gravitational potential energy, became energized yet again for another chance to push and prod and stab its host until freedom was provided. The pain in her urethra went from unbelievable burning to a stinging numbness. It was a miracle that it still had energy to burn to hold on. And without any breakfast too. Tears welled up in her eyes from the pain down there, spasm noises from her bladder, and the signals her mind was receiving. "Release us release us levels critical waiting too long is dangerous." 

Every part of her wanted freedom this nightmare so desperately. Her body and mind were crying out to Eli, but she just couldn't allow herself freedom until a toilet was available. She wasn't an animal nor was she an alpha woman. She had to endure. In her mind, the alpha women and the school were to blame. How could one group mess up a whole plumbing system? She couldn't understand it at all. 'My mother has fixed worse plumbing issues at home, even a flood from two toilets. How is it possible they can't fix this?' She wondered. Eli continued her journey towards her physics class. It wasn't the basics which the everyday lay person understood, but the other stuff. 

While walking down the hallway, she came into a few close calls by a bunch of snot nosed 9th graders running through the halls. One of the staff workers under Ms. Stern had to intervene and go after as many of these speedy gonzales' as possible. At one point, while passing the second-to-last class before the left turn bend, she checked to see the coast was clear. She looked out in the hallway and into the classroom, only to find the coast clear. She proceeded to take one step when from behind, bumped into her while running for a marathon, rendering her to stumble. "Whoa!" She cried. Eli stumbled forward, catching herself just enough to squat by leaning against the wall of the hallway. 

Eli, while in the middle of another wave of desperation, nearly lost control due to the impact of being bumped. Being bumped startled her enough to make her forget about her need to go, and nearly lose control. Her urethra quivered and churned as she tried to regain control. Her bladder made spasm noises and now her poor exit corridor that is her urethra. Eli remained squatted for more than a minute to prevent an accident, even a small one. Eli hated the fact that holding it meant expending so much energy, and the flight or fight response. This response came from the mind and body due to ingrained toilet training. It leads to thinking something bad will happen if one soils themelves. So the mind reacts so badly and the body follows suit. She had to resolve this now, and what better way than to release some of her golden ocean. But that meant doing a very sensitively coordinated wetting that allowed her to let go of some of her golden ocean. After all, she had to deal with gravity working upon her body. There was no guarantee she wouldn't end up having a full-on wetting accident. 

Eli cursed under breath against those 9th graders. This whole year, this generation of 9th graders constantly made the hallways a track field instead of a school hallway. Again, she kept going along with the crowd of students and unable to find a trash pail or privacy to let some go into her undergarment. Eli traveled down the hallway past the math classes and economics classes. Then came sciences, robotics, then the arts. It occurred to her in that moment, she could have just gone the other way around. But that took her towards the auditorium and gymnasium, which was always traffic ridden, remembering why she went this way instead. Suddenly, the gradient of students was disrupted by a fist fight amongst some of the guys, the worst so far. 

"You ***********! You slept with my girlfriend. I trusted you bro!" (Boy 1]. "Hey hey thats enough break it up break it up up!" (Mr. Goren) "Oh my gawd he bleeding. You monster!" (Girl 1). "Stay out of this! He slept with my Jinny!"(Boy 1) "Alright that's enough I said." (Mr. Goren) "Mr. Goren he's beating up on my brother! This monster should be expelled!" (Girl 1) "He's the cheater!" (Boy 1) "Thats right I slept with your girlfriend because you were always a controlling-" (Boy 2) "Shut up liar just shut up!"(Boy 1) "NO! Its true you never trusted her. Oppressors like you talk about marriage yet you don't respect it. The only thing you care about is control. You just wanted a slave you stupid Hitler!" (Boy 2) "Aaaaaaaaa (punching the other guy) aaaaaaaaaaa.." (Boy 1) "That's enough that's enough THAT'S ENOUGH!". (Mr. Goren(

"Mr. Goren-" (Boy 1) "I'm taking you to the principal's office now!". (Mr. Goren) "Finally we can get to class." (General consensus of the crowd openly expressed.). "Someone help my brother to the nurse's office please!". (Girl 1) The crowd kept moving, allowing Eli, the desperate damsel ready to burst, to keep her mind off almost wetting herself. Eli could barely stand, even walk properly, and still managesd to walk hunched at the very least. Her willpower waned severely and significantly. Her tired mind and body wanted the suffering to end now. If only she wasn't denied the bathroom so many times. 'Oh my aching urethra muscle. I can't do this. I wish to let it all go. Just let it .... no I can't do that here.' She thought as she kept walking towards her next class. Luckily, again no one stepped on her foot or bumped into her, or rushed her to keep moving. 


A few girls behind her took notice and talked amongst themselves. "Isn't that the Scarlet A?" "Yeah and she's about to go again. What an undisciplined girl? How did we think she could be a good girl?" "You know what they say about wolves in sheep's clothing!". A few boys felt sorry for her and wondered why she was like this while others just looked at her with contempt. "How can a girl look like this?" "May be because of the school bathrooms." "It doesn't matter. Seniors don't do this, not even elderly folk." Some students didn't care at all or just ignored Eli. Eli couldn't help but attract attention to herself. At one point, one female student and one male student approached her by walking in front of her, stopping her in her path. 

"Hey tramp, 'sup? Ready to burst with gold?" Said the female student. "Hope not, but if she does, we have our phone cams ready. And fetch a pretty penny for that good too!." Said the male student. "Buzz off-oh oh no ohnoohnohnohno!" Eli felt another wave of desperation as her bladder spasmed. "Come on move it or I'll be ... (panting) ... awww gaawwd ....... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ..." Eli moaned. The two students didn't let up with their comments. "Looks like the stupid ***** is gonna wet herself like my 3rd cousin who's 3 years old. My guy friends are gonna love this!" "Same here. She's such a dirty tramp. No wonder she is persona non grata these days." Each time Eli tried to walk around them, they followed her movements to block her path, while chatting with her. "You're got going anywhere until you piss yourself again. We want to capture it on camera." "Yeah, show us Niagra Falls you floosie."

Eli tried swatting at their phones but it didn't help. They would just move their phone holding hand away, continuing to block her path. Eli cried out in anger. "MOVE IT OR ELSE-Ooooooooh oh my poor bladder and p****!" Poor Eli getting bullied while unable to help herself go. She desperately wanted to sit down which would reduce the gravitational potential on her organs of her urinary tract. Just then, the female student started reaching with ther left hand to force Eli to urinate. Her tactic, tickling her. "Tickle .. tickle .. come on tickletickle!" "Hey stop stop stop it!!!". The male student chimed in with a one-time tickle while keeping his camera phone directed at Eli. Eli's womanhood quivered and pulsated frantic as her anxiety was heightened from all the tickling. Eli struggled to keep it closed as best as possible despite the energy it took to do so despite her already tired body and her heart beating ferociously. She tried to hold it back while standing so stiff, focusing all her attention on her womanhood while trying to swat at the hand tickling her. Each time she swatted it away, ever so weakly, it came back or just kept assaulting her neurons with the funny tingling sensation that caused her to laugh. 

All that laughter threatened to cause a moment of weakness of her womanhood. She felt her golden liquid sloshing around and jostling around while her poor exit hole that kept the ocean just before the border between the muscle and open air outside. The pressure of her wave of desperation adding to her woes until at last the female student got tired of trying to force a flood. The students, feeling defeated that their devious plans failed, chose to part their ways from Eli. "Have it your way tramp." 

"Yeah piss tramp. I was so hoping you would piss so hard I could post it on xhamster or something." Eli remained squatted for a few seconds to regain control and lower her anxiety. Once she did, she quickly hobbled to her next class. 

By the time it was 9:57 am she finally made it to her classroom in the nick of time. The whole class was packed with students and very few seats. She almost received a tardy attendance due to several students with no conscience and the crowd of students. Was it possible she could die of a heart attack or that her urethra would just take over, allow her liquid gold to spray everywhere, and embarrass herself more. It would save her life and biological energy. But her dignity mattered more right now. Eli had sweat beads on her forehead, inside her shirt, and undergarment. Her whole torso and between her extremities wreaked of perspiration from exerting herself, making her clothes stick to her like crazy. 

The teacher, Mr. Finkletin, didn't waste time starting with the lesson. "Okay class we talked about nuclear particle physics and list different reactions involving the nucleus of an atom. The two main commonly known nuclear reactions are fission and fusion. Nuclear Fission is the process by which we cause the nucleus if a heavy atom to break down into smaller nuclei. For example, ...." he continued while Eli frantically scoured the classroom for a seat. At first she couldn't find an available seat, standing there with her thighs pressed together while her left lower leg was wrapped around her right lower leg, and standing on her tippy toes. She stood there frantically looking for a seat to try to alleviate her need to go. Even breathing big gulps of air wasn't working anymore. Eli became ever more frantic for a place to sit down and begin taking notes. 

Suddenly, one of the female students who took notice of Eli, had to make a scene. "Well well well if it isn't the Scarlet pisser from Babylon here to make a scene. Look at her ready to piss herself like a kindergardner." Eli wanted to shut her up for casting all glances upon her. "I'm not sure she's ready for class. Care to put on a diaper pisswhore?." Said the female student. "BB SHUT UP!" Eli screamed. It was the usual judgmental schmuck that was the head of the ALACSA. "Don't try to change the subject-" but she was cut short. "Class it's my time not teenager drama time. This isn't soap opera land." Mr. Finkletin said. "Back to the lesson. Eli grow up and hold it. Anyway so ..... " he continued. Suddenly, a student signaled her for a seat. "Psst psst over here!" said the student. Eli quickly made her way to the seat, which happened to be a desk at the front of the middle most row of desks. 

Unfortunately, she can't hide her desperation from her cold, nerdy teacher. As soon as she sat down, she thanked the student behind her and nursed her lower region. She held herself as she shuffled her feet forward and backwards. She squinted and gritted her teeth, trying to contract her urethra more and more, taking big gulps of air but to her dismay, the intensity of her need to go wasn't subsiding. Her poor bladder signaled her with blurp noises and spasms, and her urethra churning inside out. It started going numb with tingling sensation made of a dulling yet burning feeling due to overexertion. She cried inside. "Why won't my urge just go away. I can't hold it anymore. Why can't they just fix the damn bathrooms. This isn't fair! I want to go home and pee!". All she wanted was a basic right, not an unrealistic sum of money or something unreasonable like making the universe revolving around the Earth. All she wanted was to relieve herself of this. Her body and mind were going mad from fatigue and lack of energy. 

Eli, struggling to stay still, tried to stay focused on the lesson to take her mind off her need to go. She figured it might help and give her something to do. She had to wait until perhaps 10:38 to 10:58 am for a chance to use the bathroom. Mr. Finkeltin droned on about the nuclear chemistry/particle physics of nuclear fission and fusion. "So if we shoot a neutron at a nucleus at high speeds, we see a chain reaction that splits the nucleus into smaller elements and radiation, plus other smaller particles. This is what happens in bombs like the atomic and nuclear bombs built in the 1940's and onwards. As for fusion, that occurs in stars producing helium from hydrogen for survival." Eli tried following along, trying to understand the actual mechanics. 

Physics usually eluded her, such as calculating the kinematics or load, or electrochemistry and other technical things, but not the basic layman's understanding. Even quantum physics seemed strange to her. She was better with the arts, history, government, and biology. She did understand the basics of the 2 major monotheistic religions and Christianity but that's it. She always felt Christianity was not always a monotheistic religion depending on what sect you adhered to. Most of them were believers of a Trinity while only Unitarians were truly monotheistic. At the moment, Eli tried to follow along with the lesson only to have the same issue, scribbling down the basics and some formulas with crib notes on the side written in not so great legibility. 

She figured it was best only to use record function on her phone in class instead of writing. She figured she could make up for what wasnt recorded by reading the textbook later. That included the wrotten lecture on the ink board. Just then, another wave if desperation assaulted her during class at 10:08 am. Still only 11 minutes passed with more than 30 minutes to almost an hour left before she could use the bathroom. BB kept her eye on Eli, hoping she would either piss herself or run screaming for the girls room. She always assumed the worse of most people and judged them for their weaknesses, never bothering to truly uplift them. Being morally superior was seen as better in her eyes. 'Oh I've seen these types of girls with no self control. It's only a matter time before that adulterous fornicator harlot from Babylon pops open like carbonated alcohol from a can or a bottle. Elissandra I hope your day ends in ruination.' BB thought to herself. 

It was as if she expected Eli to fail in her quest to hold it. It was 10:16 am, viewing the lecture on the radioactive isotopes, like uranium-235 being broken down into smaller nuclei from a collision with a neutron in the hypothetical situation. "The way we write this is similar to how a chemical reaction occurs. For example, the fission reaction of uranium-235 goes as like this:

Whereby, U-235 (94 protons atomic number) attacked by a fast moving neutron will split into Krypton-140 (54 protons atomic number), Strontium-94 (38 proton atomic number), and 3 neutrons each with a mass of 1 atomic mass unit and no atomic number or 0 a.n. We keep the conservation if energy and mass number of the neutrons and protons as we do in regular chemical reactions. Let's try another one." Mr. Finkletin explained. 

He droned on about this while his class tried to keep up with him. Eli couldn't understand most of the lecture example due to her need to go. While scribbling down the equation, she stopped to deal with another wave of desperation. Again, she gripped her skirt for dear life, as if there was plane turbulence. Her face expression pain and distress via her eyes closed and her mouth gaping open, followed by her teeth gritted against each other to the point they might break. Eli was on the verge of losing it and badly. It was as if she might pop openly all over herself or pop something internally, leading to a hospital stay. Eli wished the bathrooms were available again. 'What's taking so long? I have to go. My mom could get this done in less time. Okay she had to deal with one toilet but still.' Eli thought. 

She was a in bind and regretting her choices last night. 'I wish I didn't drink coffee. I wish this school didn't have such judgmental idiots who drive you insane and irrational.' She thought. No matter the effort she employed against herself she just couldn't stop this unnatural urge from booming and contracting her urethra wasn't helping. But it was all she could do to prevent a flood. 'Gawd I hate this urge and it won't go away. Damn it I have to pee. DAMN IT I HAVE TO PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!'Eli screamed within her mind. She tensed up every part of her body, breathing so deeply and somewhat noisily. Even double crossing her legs and squeezing them to the point of feeling slight tingling sensations from somewhat hampered circulation wasn't helping. 

Gripping her skirt wasn't helping at all and nothing was going to save her from this torture other than a huge wetting. Her exhausted body continued pleading with her already exhausted psyche to give up already. Her bladder and urethra sent signals of major panic on overdrive, screaming for her to erupt duress indignity rather than being deaf con 1 with her health. Her already tensed muscles began to cramp or radiate twinges of pain, as though the pain came from a pulled muscle. She began to fidget out of anger and frustration, and bursting desperation. She never had to go this bad with the alcohol consumption last Saturdday, so why was the coffee with water and gatorade doing this to her? She remained in this state for several minutes without end. 

Her teacher began speaking about fusion of atomic nuclei, especially the most commonly fused element in nature. "Next, we will talk about the element hydrogen, the most commonly used element naturally. Hydrogen is an element that is fused a lot to produce helium inside the universe's largest and brightest furnaces. It's why we have broad daylight, why we have constellations, and why we have so many elements available to us on Earth. 

This furnace is the star. And our sun is a star. Fusing elements takes a lot of energy and pressure, and high temperatures to overcome the electrostatic forces of the protons and the quarks within them." The whole class sat there note taking, while Eli struggled to take a single note at this point. "The equation for fusion goes like this:

So as you can see, you not only put energy into the system, but also get energy out. You will also release some subatomic particles besides photons. As we discussed, photons are small pockets of light energy or radiation, like x-rays, gamma rays, microwaves, etc., in this case it's most likely gamma rays. A simple example of helium production from hydrogen is as shown below:

As we can see, two hydrogen nuclei fuse to become one atomic nucleus of helium. Of course this is a simplified version to illustrate basics. There are three isotopes of hydrogen with their own fusion equations, which I will show to you now ..." Mr. Finkletin continued. He droned on about the different isotopes lead to slightly different outcomes for the fusion reactions. The lesson continued for another several minutes, each minute passing by without issue or haste. Time seemed to be in no hurry to reach the future. "The equation for each isotope of hydrogen is as follows in your:

As you can see, the second heaviest form of hydrogen can lead to different outcomes from the formation of the helium-4, either being a helium that has 2 protons and one neutron, a hydrogen with 2 neutrons and 1 proton along with a lone proton , or just a helium with one gamma ray particle. But the result is a helium nucleus, never an atom. The extreme conditions lead to the removal of the electron from the atom. Since it doesn't have a strong tie to the nucleus as does the proton and neutron, it is the first to go under such extreme temperatures. Other equations for hydrogen fusion include:

This is for the fusion of protium nuclei to create helium. Via a series of nuclear fusion reactions, helium-4 is formed with the release of gamma rays and hydrogen protons. Since protium is a hydrogen nucleus with one proton, it takes several reactions to get to the result desired. Now I showed the reaction for deteurium and tritium hydrogen nuclei."

To Eli, all she heard were a few words and terms spoken. She could barely make out what was said at all while imprisoned by her predicament. "Deuteurium ... release of gamma rays ... protium has 1 .... ". Eli continued suffering and writhing for release of her golden ocean. At one point, she grimaced in pain and no voice at all. BB glanced at the damsel in distress, looking with disdain and judgment. 'To think she could be number two behind our valedictorian, a real prospect for society. Go ahead and piss yourself. I'll be there to catch you and expose you! Then, you'll be a pariah and finally removed from society. I knew you were a loser.' BB thought. It was 10:30 am and still no word about the bathrooms. 'Damn it why isn't the bathrooms ready yet? Oh slam I should've gone regardless. I have to go. Like crazy.' Eli thought.

Suddenly, her bladder spasmed again, this time her urge to go became so overwhelming that she just couldn't help but grimace in pain. Her face expressed nothing but the desperation to finally be free of this imprisoment. Again, no matter how many times she contracted her urethra, it wasn't enough. The pressure and intensity of the urge to go was so great, she couldn't even move let alone speak. She grimaced with a silent scream that could only be heard in her heart. For the next 5 minutes, she grabbed her desk and crotch area of her skirt with great unnatural grip. But nothing changed. She closed her eyes while her gaping mouth let not a single sound escape her. After 10:38 am, the urge lessened but remained. Her heart muscle beating ever so quickly and unbearable uncomfortable, luckily she wasn't dead yet. 

She kicked one of the legs of the desk out of frustration, which only caused some of the students nearby her to look her way. She continued her squirming, shuffling her feet abruptly and fleeting, her thighs pressed together, and the quick bursts of crossing and uncrossing her legs, and shifting in her seat. The student behind her, a female student named Qwanda Qayne, who by this point was fed up with the moving around, expressed her feelings. 

With one tap, she got Eli's attention. "Huh?" Eli asked. "You're moving around too much I can't see the ink board!". Qwanda replied. "Excuse me, are you two the ones responsible for educating today's youth?" Mr. Finkletin asked. Qwanda and Eli both  had the-deer-caught-in-the-headlights look. Eli kept her face down while desperate urge to go. Qwanda replied "No Mr-." However, Mr. Finkletin continued his questions.

"So why are you girls talking? NO! Don't speak! I take the time to teach the generation if youths under the assumption that one or more of you will become the next brilliant scientist. Instead, as usual, most don't care or don't understand. It is very frustrating putting up with everyday society's dribble about trivial matters. And the youth of today are the tip of the iceberg." Eli couldn't bring herself to pay any attention due to her need to go. It ate up her time and mind, even her life as this point. She saw the time ticking away and still no bathrooms were ready. 'I wish this guy would go away. It's not my fault. She spoke to me!' Eli thought to herself. Qwanda tried to respond but again she was cut short. "You know what? You two will answer this question posed on the ink board. Even though at 10:42 am the bell goes off we still have physics lab period today. That's twice the physics so we can do this lecture all day." Mr. Finkeltin interjected. 

The whole class had their sights on the two females students, one of them bursting at the seams. Literally. Eli couldn't think about physics while Qwanda sat their shocked as ever. "Ms. Alderidge, shall I call a truck for psychologically ill people? If so, let me know now!" Mr. Finkletin said. Eli, still shifting in her seat, swaying her knees sideways, and hands in her crotch, responded weakly. "S-sorry f-for the ... disruption. P-please continue your lecture." Her voice, strained and constricted sounding. Mr. Finkletin wasn't having any of it but chose to resume the lecture. However, BB who's anticipation to see her wet herself, couldnt hold in her desire to see this happen. "Excuse me! Ms. Alderidge disrupted our class time so it seems only fitting to make an example of her by requiring her-" Mr. Finkeltin responded back sharply. "I'm the teacher not you. Eli (pause for a moment) answer this question now. Get up and answer it." 

Eli sat there with an appalled look on her face. Now she would have to stand up and resolve this issue written on the board while working on overdrive her urge to go doesn't overwhelm her. And of course her urge to go due to gravity. "I .. I ..... I can't-" "You will answer this question. If need be your friend sitting behind you will be right up there with you." Eli sat there hesitantly before being snapped at by Mr. Finkletin again. She and Qwanda had no choice now but to answer the physics problem. Qwanda awkwardly stood up from her seat and proceeded to walk over to the ink board while Eli carefully stood up. She was in the middle of battling her urge to go, which at this point, was unbearable to say the least. In fact, she couldn't sit still nor even concentrate. The pain of contracting her urethra hurt so much and the amount of energy to expend still wasn't enough at this point. And now, physics really worked against her since it had more weight to pull on. 'Stupid gravity of the earth' She muttered to herself. 

She took the ink board marker and continued sluggishly over to the ink board. Each step she took was agony, feeling every single slosh of her ocean. She could feel it funneling down to her urethra, and the pain where the urethra and the bladder meet. It sent signals to her mind that the urine was getting backed up. Eli felt her own pain but without suitable facilities what could she do. Some in the class snickered watching her clutch her skirt while others looked bewildered. Once at the ink board, she gazed upon the nuclear physics equation. It had something to do with the fission of plutonium. The equation is as follows:

"So Ms. Alderidge solve this equation. I hope you know what materials to use!" Mr. Finkletin retorted. Eli and Qwanda looked perplexed by this, Qwanda more than Eli. Eli stood there hunched forward gritting her teeth and wincing. Luckily, there was a large periodic table of contents in the classroom, showing the element name, element abbreviated symbol, the element's atomic number, electron configuration, and atomic mass. They could balance mass out but the elemental plutonium broke down into a specific element which they didn't know off the top of their heads. Qwanda looked at this problem for a few minutes while Eli drew a blank about what was the other element in this equation. 'Damn it I have to pee like crazy and I have to solve this. Like I'm a member of the Manhattan Project! Oh gawd this is so undignifying but I can't hide this from 

.................... o man i wish this urge would go away!' 

She held her crotch like a school girl which was indeed unsightly. She was a senior and in front of everyone, she was ready to piss herself like crazy. All that coffee, water, and now gatorade was biting her on the butt. 'Is it uranium, no it would break down into only uranium since plutonium is radioactive. It would break down into something less radioactive. Oh I don't know this is a trick question isn't it?' Eli thought. "Psst psst hey I think if we subtract we might get the answer to this. Let's see. 239 + 1 is 240 which breaks down into 103 + 3 neutrons and something. 240 -106 is what?" Qwanda thought logically to determine the answer. Eli remained in her position hunched forward while her knees were bent with her right leg behind her left one. Suddenly, BB shouted anxiously with her usual judgmental comments. 

"Come on answer the question you stupid pisswhore." "Ms. Bordeaux please refrain from such inappropriate language. Ms. Alderidge Ms. Qayne back to the problem at hand." Eli cursed under her breath, wishing BB would get hit by a flaming space rock or get hit by the plagues affecting the Pharoah. Suddenly, her urge skyrocketed again, and as usual there was no lessening it. Eli grabbed on for dear life as she gritted her teeth and winced so hard everyone could tell, including her peer and teacher. "Rrrrrrrrrrrrrr .... nnnnnngggggghhhhhh ... ". Eli whined. Qwanda looked perplexed and worried. "Yo girl you okay?" Eli replied "I ... I ... i have to .... p-pee (moaning) ... ". Qwanda responded annoyingly "....... sheesh you drink a swimming pool?". Eli responded back "It's all the coffees I drank last night to calm my nerves from all the bullying I get after everyone found out what did at the party last ......... aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" "Okay okay girl sit down just sit-" Qwanda was cut short by their teacher. 

"You two aren't going anywhere until this is solved. Not even of the bell rings. Resolve this problem now." Qwanda kept thinking about the conservation of mass and energy when she figured it out. "I've got it. The remaining mass is 134. Now all we need is the element with a mass of 134. What could that be?" Qwanda asked turning to look at the periodic table. Mr. Finkletin looked perplexed by this development. The mere fact that at least one of them seemed to have the answer while the other one kept trying to hold it. Suddenly, the bell rang for the next period. 

As per the instructions of the teacher, they didn't leave their seats, waiting for the two deers caught in the headlights to finish answering the question. "Xenon that's it! Ms. Alderidge it's Xenon-"but Eli cut Qwanda off short. "Just finish the darn equation and move on. Gawd I have to pee and ...... errrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh!". Qwanda just finished the equation with the element Xenon when their situation worsened. 

"Okay, now answer this equation shown .......................... here!". The new problem was about the fusion of radioactive Polonium. Eli stood there hunched while Qwanda looked nervous. "Oh this one's a tough ... oh great. Can I get a new helper?". Mr. Finkletin didn't show an ounce of mercy. "Since you two didn't show any respect for me, I will continue to punish two with the class work. Now solve it." 

Qwanda didn't look thrilled at all about this. However, this time Mr. Finkletin made it clear what he wanted. "This time Ms. Alderidge will answer this and you did the last one. Ms. Qayne, watch." He shoved the marker to Eli and out her on the spot. Now she had to resolve this, while bobbing up and down and without holding herself. "(Gaping mouth and silence for 30 seconds) ... (panting and labored breathing) ... oh oh what it could be?" She said softly. The whole class watched in great focus. 

Some thought she would just piss herself right there while others thought she couldn't answer the question. The equation went something like this:


Eli and Qwanda thought what would it take to make gold. "The atomic mass of gold is ..... 197 oh right it says up there on the ink board duh!". Qwanda said. "OMYGAAAWWWD!" Eli whined. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" Eli whined again. Everyone in the classroom was taken aback by this spectacle. "Ms. Alderidge you have failed to show due respect to me and here you are embarrassing yourself. Honestly, your generation is a disaster. Answer this question at once! Qwanda you can go back to your desk." Mr. Finekletin retorted. Eli had thoughts about her teacher giving her this flack for not answering the above question in class. It wasn't her fault another student caught her attention. Eli, forcing herself to think this through without taking focus away from her need to go, racked her brain about all this. 'What fuses to make gold? What fuses to make gold? WHAT FUSES TO MAKE GOLD?' Eli thought. 

"ANSWER THE QUESTION DAMN TRAMP!" BB yelled. "BB SHUT UP!" Qwanda yelled.

"That fornicating pisswhore makes a muck of our school and now is about to piss herself again? Disgraceful! And she can't answer a simple question? Its obvious that creating gold from fusion is not feasible! I hope she gets expelled. No longer will this school be seen as pornhub central or Babylon!". Eli wanted to kill BB if only she wasn't about to piss herself in such dire straights. "That's salty language Ms. Bordeaux. Another outburst will get you a trip to the main office. Ms. Alderidge finish this up." Mr. Finkeltin responded. Eli stood there hunched forward with her hands in her crotch area of her skirt, bobbing up and down, her right leg over her left. 

The time was now 10:50 am and still the toilets weren't fixed. Eli wasn't close to using a bathroom at the school cafeteria. Eli began to breath heavily not just from the pressure but also from fatigue. Eli yawned big time due to lack of sleep, her inhales and exhales cacaphonously through gritted teeth, pressed tightly together. Eli could feel her body tingling with sharp pins and needles from all the energy she was expending while running on no energy. Her mind couldn't even think or process correctly nor did it want to. Her body felt ready to collapse as it spasmed several places of her body. Eli felt her muscle strength waning and her hunger growing in intensity. She didn't have a single thing to eat nor drink for energy. Even Gatorade wasn't enough for her. She had to relieve herself and possibly go home for rest. 

She whimpered for dear life knowing she wasn't going to be able to hold on any longer. How she was hanging on was strange but she couldn't keep this up forever. Her urge was just so intense and painful, but she couldn't allow herself to wet herself like a school girl in kindergarten. She squatted and winced in pain, but nothing reduced her urge to go. The class and the teacher just watched. 

Mr. Finkletin watched, calculating how much she drank and how much was left for processing. But he wanted her to answer the question. She racked her mind about what could possibly make gold but she couldn't think of anything. She finally gave up. "I can't answer this question. I don't know what is the answer. Please let me sit down please!" Please!" Eli begged. Mr. Finkletin gave this cold smirk and continued his torment. "Okay let me give you another question to solve. What's the difference between transmutation and fusion? What forces in nature are involved? These are fundamental forces in nature of course." 

Eli stood there hunched forward still holding herself. Every part of her wanted to stop holding it. Every instinct in her wanted to just let it go. And she was ready to do so at this point. In fact, this part of her might very well undermine her very control over her body and cause her to spurt. She felt every furious, fleeting yet powerful beat of her heart muscle. She felt her breathing restricted, her chest cringing from her heart beating, each beating like that of a punch, and her body stinging with the pain of fatigue. The stinging radiated throughout her body, tingling along with a feeling of being drained. Eli just couldn't focus on the physics problem concerning the difference in the two processes. Her mind was flooded by the instinct to pee and her urethra straining to the brink holding back the flood within herself. The more she had to strain just to keep her urethra closed the more energy expended. 'Why aren't the bathrooms available? How long does it take to fix plumbing? I'm dying for a toilet break. I need to pee!' Eli thought.

Suddenly, she had a eureka moment about transmutation versus fusion. She remembered fusion means two or more things come together to create something while transmutation is a change into something else. "T-trrrransm-mu ... tattttttion is .... a .... a ..... a ... p-proccccessss by which .... one ... element changes into another .... while .... fusion is the creation of new element made from .... two or more ..... smaller .... elements." Mr. Finkletin wasn't satisfied with her answer, requiring the scientific answer. "That answer was pathetic and most generic. There are other methods of two or more things coming together to make a new compound, and also change into something else. Please provide the scientific answer no don't HEY! Don't move! I didn't say you could sit down. Finish this problem. Now!". Eli had it. 

"I need to pee damn it. I can't stand up it's too much." Mr. Finkletin became flabbergasted by this while the class looked on with shock that a senior was behaving like a child. "Grow up! I won't tell you again." One student said to another about Eli. "How can she be an adult? Is she 5 years old in an adult body?" "May be she is an anomaly with a genetic disorder." the other student says. Eli was so passed mortified but she wasn't about to wet herself, so being childish as she was was necessary if she was going to be able to hold it. Eli just couldn't remember the actual answer. She just couldn't answer the question. She just didn't know what to do. "I knew the whore would embarrass us and our good society. Stupid tramp. Go ahead and piss yourself. We'll finally be rid of another piece of trash." BB said in her mind. Eli was fed up with this nonsense but what could she do. "Could i .... use a t-textb-book p-please?". 

Mr. Finkletin looked at her for a moment, then nodded in the affirmative. Eli went over to a textbook nearby the ink board, using both hands, and inhaling deeply to hold her pee. She frantically sifted in the textbook for the answer, frantically turning multipe pages, searching with earnest as her life was on the line. She flipped back and forth endlessly with her right hand, fumbling while doing so, until her teacher intervened. He managed to flip to the correct page via his idetic memory. "It's here on page 347 paragraph C. Please read it and provide the answer hand written on the ink board in your own words.

She carefully read the information, all while mentally not even caring, and while tearing up from the pain of contracting her poor urethra. "Okay ... I-I g-got it." She weakly walked over the ink board and began weakly writing her answer. 

It was difficult as it was when being on the verge of wetting herself. She held the marker in her right hand and writing the answer while holding her crotch with the other hand, clutching it for dear life. She bobbed up and down while keeping her right leg double wrapped around the other. She wrote slowly, yet sloppily, stopping every 2 seconds followed by continuous movement of her hand. It was 11 am and still now word about the toilets. By this point, Eli managed to write down:

Fusion - the process by which 

Eli panted and breathed heavily, stopping to deal with her urge and squeeze her urethra harder. Again, her muscle wasn't able to contract any more that it already had. So much of her golden ocean filled it that the pressure and volume accumulated was just too great to push it back and reduce the pressure, and therefore the urge to go. "Aw ooooooo o gawd" she whined in a strained voice. She continued to write shakily and sloppily under the pressure to finish and keep the hatch closed. Each second felt like an eternity, spanning lifetimes to make her suffering prolonged until she gave out. Each stroke of her arm and hand to write, moving at a snail's pace to make each letter. "Mmmmmmmmmm!" She moaned. Breathing heavily, Eli continued to write the definition of fusion. She wrote:

2 or more atomic nuclei 

When suddenly, her bladder made spasm noises, almost as if it were sobs and cries to be free or else. It contracted to force her to release her golden ocean. Her urge skyrocketed to new unimaginable heights. Eli winced and gritted her teeth, holding her exit hole shut with her left hand, clutching it so hard to keep it closed. Her whole body became stiff, frozen in her pose of attempting to finish writing the definition of the term. Eli began to face the ground in pain, wincing in pain with her eyes closed, leaning against the ink board with her right fist. She had to pee like crazy and it was only getting worse. "Mr. Finktletin just let me do this. She can't-" but Windsora was cut short. "I said Ms. Alderidge will do it and that's final!" Mr. Finkletin snapped. "Finish up young lady!" He snapped. She was lightly tapped on the shoulder, trying to get the ball rolling to finish the classwork assignment. The time was ticking by but honestly, what could Eli accomplish. It was 11:06 am and still she went finished. Eli finished the definition in two minutes later by writing:

(writing sloppily and hastily, frantically as if dear life was on the line, bobbing up and down stiffly, stopping every so often and more frequently) 

combine to form a single heavier nucleus

Transmutation - the process by which (20 second pause, fidgeting, followed by standing still and holding herself, whimpering "Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ....... "; the whole class shocked and appalled whole some feeling so empathetic, one student asking the teacher to let her sit down, another responding the toilets aren't open). Mr. Finkeltin looking on with apathetic authority over his desperate female student. He stood there looking forward to his question being solved. His arms folded and face stern, standing there with his piercing gaze upon his poor prey, like an observant owl watching its prey struggle to drag itself across the grounds of a forest. 

Eli, gripping the marker, lowering her right arm ever so slowly, trying to stay dry and composed. But how could she remain calm about this when she she is on the literal verge of an accident. Suddenly, her urge increased in her intensity to the point of which she was ready to give up. Her body was spent and her breathing labored, yawning while gritting her teeth. She wrote quickly and hastily as she spoke to help herself finish. Eli: "a .....  h-heavier n-n-n-nuc-cle ... us ...... no (scribbling out the word heavier with her right hand ever so frantically) a ... nucleus .. no (scribbling) [Mr. Finkletin snapped loudly "Ms. Alderidge finish this or be removed from my class for suspension. Darn this confounding Manhatter."] (Feeling ever more pressured by her teacher) the p-p-process b-b-by which a .... a ..... nucleus ch-ch-changes ... into a .... changes into a ........ a..... uh uh uh uuuuh a .... Oh gawd!" She cried out as she dropped the marker. She just couldn't anymore and neither could her body. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Oh gawd I have to pee oh it hurts oh damn it hurts why aren't the bathrooms ready yet?" She whined. The whole class couldn't believe their eyes and some started laughing or criticizing while others recorded this on their phones. 

Eli continued her struggle against her need while on borrowed time. She just couldn't allow herself to wet herself despite every part of her body aching, sweaty, drained, and shaky. "I can't do this please let me sit down." Mr. Finkletin replied with the utmost callousness. "I don't care if you piss yourself you will answer this question. Besides the bathrooms aren't available so don't even think of-" he was cut short by the loudspeaker. "Greetings. I am glad to report our bathrooms are ready for use. I repeat the bathrooms are ready to use." Upon hearing the bathrooms were ready the first time, she quickly and awkwardly made a break for the bathrooms nearby, only to be met with resistance and denial by her teacher. "I said you're not going anywhere (Mr. Finkletin said while slamming the door shut and locking it with his covered right hand). You've wasted enough time with your childish spectacle. Finish the work work! NOW!" 

Eli replied weakly "I deserve-" "That's it. Sit down until further instruction and get a diaper for your silly bladder trouble!" Eli protested "I have rights. You can't deny me the bathroom. I'm about to piss myself here and all you can think about was a slight disruption?" "It's the respect factor that youths today lack. Poor parenting is the issue!". Eli went back to her seat in defeat yet again, seeing all the stares of disgust and appal directed at her. Eli couldn't help but feel embarrassed but what could she do at this point. Soon the whole school would know she held herself like a school girl ready to blow her cork. She sat there for the remainder of the class period stewing in her own world. There was another 21 minutes of class period before the bell rang, 21 long, agonizing minutes of pain and exhaustion. 

Qwanda sat there with the utmost focus on the lesson regarding the techniques for studying the nuclear chemical properties. Though the school didn't have the obvious lab materials and of course not working with radiation, the quick lecture on what and how atomic nuclei, subatomic particles, and certain quantum physical things were being discussed. What else could Qwanda do to help Eli? She felt awkward as it was and a little sorry for her. But her overall thought in her mind was why Eli waited so long and how much fluid did she drink? At least Eli kept her head down and didn't move much, only gripping her desk for dear life. It wasn't helpful to Eli nor did it reduce her urge to go. BB was sorely disappointed that her enemy didn't finally explode her payload in shame. Each second that went by moved fast in the eyes of the students. But for Eli, time felt like a prison, seemingly to cumbersome to keep going.

Her breathing was deep and labored, and could be heard in the near vicinity. She tried to keep it low audible, and held her crotch via her skirt and undergarment covering the area. She didn't take any notes at all nor paid any attention to the lesson. So far, 5 class periods of suffering and possibly more if she didn't get to a bathroom. And possibly an exhausted heart muscle beating furiously. 'What did I do to deserve this? I wish I didn't drink so much coffee! I wish I came to school so late. I would have at least avoided this nightmare. Screw the Alpha Woman. Screw their leader. Screw the school community that drove me to this point.' Eli spoke within the confines of her mind. Suddenly, she found herself ready to enter a deep sleep. She felt her body loosening control, ready to turn to puddy. The world began to blur, with some movement side to side, the view of the world began to decrease in field of view. She yawned big time, her mouth gaping open for a good 10 seconds before closing, and tears welling from her eye sockets. 

Her field of view became eclipsed by curtains with long hair appendages extending outward above and below the eyes. Eli felt tired and in need of rest, a luxury she couldn't afford as she was still on the verge of having an accident. She couldn't let herself piss herself like a child. She was determined to maintain her dry state of being, despite her physically draining struggle to do so. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!" Eli groaned, gripping her desk and her crotch, desperately trying to reduce her need to go. But her body wasn't having any of it. Her golden ocean accumulated within her urethra, specifically around her sphincter, causing significant discomfort. Mr. Finkletin droned on about the two nuclear forces in nature. "The strong nuclear forces and weak nuclear forces are responsible for the structure and form of the atom. No other force in nature has this except for the strong and weak nuclear forces. Electromagnetism and gravity play a role in different aspects of the universe."

Back at the main office, Principal Sacks, Ms. Stern, and some conservative persons came up with a plan to start removing students, while implementing plans to take back their community from liberals, and re-instating Bible scripture. "We can't have students like that wretched Alpha Female." "Agreed Ms. Stern. No more liberalism that makes society so open. So much nonsense has entered our homes, our schools, and our governments. Our country is in need of saving or else, we will face serious complicity. Revered Bratton, Father Griswold, Bishop Pliskin, we must take matters into our own hands to save the youths who aren't forgone just yet." "May we be successful Principal Sacks. You're a good man. And damned is the harlot who sullied your beautiful son." "Don't worry about her. She will be out of here. I swear it. Vice Principal Calhoun, you're with me. Get your secretary!" 

It was now 11:21 am and still the class for physics went the usual pace. Eli remained still holding her crotch, but she started dozing off while fighting her urge to urinate as she had when at the ink board.  She tried to take some notes, only writing two bulleted notes. Her chicken scratch was so bad, even she couldn't read it. It consisted of horrible scribbling loosely resembling English words. She could barely write and focus on her need to go. Her bladder made spasm noises one after another, her urethra strained beyond belief and still unable to contain the pressure. Tears dripped off her eyes to her lap in droves, feeling frustrated and trapped, hurt by the turn of events. Her family denied her the bathroom, her school was denying her the bathroom, and she hated herself for all that coffee without using the bathroom last night. 

"Psst psst Eli we have classwork to do. We have to work together. We don't have a choice so let's try to work together please. I know you're in a predicament but still." Eli couldn't say anything despite they fact she wanted to protest. She looked at the questions in Qwanda's notebook and attempted to answer them. 

1. What is forged in the fusion of hydrogen atoms? 

2. Which elemental particle is deployed to commence fission?

3. What is the opposite of the electron? 

4. What is the difference between the anti-electron and the position?

5. What is the difference between the position and proton?

6. What makes up a neutron?

7. Hypothetically, What would an anti-neutron have as it's properties?

**please explain your answers, one work answers aren't acceptable**

With that, the two tried to answer the questions. Eli, squirming in her seat, tried to think of the answers along with Qwanda. Since Qwanda could write, she was to hand in her notebook page with the answers. Every second her mind was tormented with the urge to urinate, completely preoccuppying her mind with its alarms about impending doom. 


Alarm #1: Danger! Danger! Imminent explosion and muscle fatigue. Release the flood. I repeat! Release the flood!

Alarm #2: Energy is being used up! So tired! Please go home. Need rest and food.

Alarm #3: Can't let yourself go. Get to a bathroom quick!

All these alarms bells in her mind just kept sounding off, all the while she was yawning big time. Her chest felt tender and stiff from lack of sleep and the pounding of her heart against it. By 11:27 am, still she and Qwanda kept going at it. Albeit, Qwanda picking up most of the slack. "Come on girl! Try to keep it together. We need to focus!" "I know I know!" Eli snapped back. "Uuuuuuh okay so we have the opposite of an electron. Uuuuuuu .... oh gawd uuuuuuu-uuuuuuuuuuuoh it's a ... positron!" "Great work Eli. We're almost done. I promise!" Qwanda said. "I Know!" Eli retorted. "Uuuuuuh ummmmmMMMMMMMoh okay a uuu ... uuuu a p-positron is a ....... a ... a-uuuu ... um um um .... Mmmmmmmm a .. posit-tively ch-charged electron. A proton ... h-has a ...... has a ..... a..... a-a-a-a-uuuuuuu .... aaaaaaaaahhhh .... O GAAAWWWD! ......" "Hey wait WAIT!" Qwanda called out. But Eli was already at the classroom door. 

She just couldn't handle this pressure anymore. It was just too much. Eli began jiggling the door knob with her sweaty palm of her right hand.  "Comeoncomeoncomeoncomeoncomeon! She cried out in sheer desperation and terror as her need reached an all new pinnacle. She squeezed her exit hole shut with her left hand while doing everything possible to keep her exit hole contracted to the extent she had been. Of course, it didn't help that the door wouldn't open due to it being locked and her sweaty hand unable to properly grip the door. The inability to open the door only worsened her need to go. "Rrrrrr come on damn it come on. Nonononooooooo! Oh oh gawd oh oh gawd nnngg ngh ngh ... mmmmmmmm" She squealed at the end. Qwanda had this annoyed look on her face and arms folded as she stood right next to Eli. "Sorry you had a rough week and morning but your performance is gonna get me a bad grade which I can't afford right now. So pull it together and help me get this done!". 

Eli looked at the paper and with one hand read the question they were working on. "Okay proton has a p-posit-tive charge ... and ....... mass (strained voice) yeah mass and charge. Positron has charge but no .... mass (strained voice)." "Thank you! Next question." Qwanda said. "What makes up a neutron?". Qwanda mentioned a few quarks with specific directions and charges that add up to zero. Eli didn't seem to argue. At this point, freedom was all that mattered to her. The last question was a dousey. It was 11:30 and only a minute left. Eli thought and squirmed in place, again squatting down to the ground to alleviate her urge to go. She could barely focus on science and think while focusing on staying dry. Again, she winced and grimaced while thinking. 

"Girls, stay a bit to finish that. That's for trying to leave so soon Ms. Alderidge!" Mr. Finkletin said. Qwanda groaned. Eli groaned furiously under intense stress. "Rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! What would make an antineutron? Come on, what would that be". Luckily, they moved to one side while the rest of the class was allowed to leave. Mr. Finkletin stood next to the door to prevent them from leaving. Qwanda and Eli were racking their brains to determine what that would be. They couldn't think of a neutron without a charge and a mass of one atomic mass unit but is anti in nature. Eli was at her wits end. She just couldn't figure it out. All she could think about was not ruining her legs and shoes. Qwanda had a quick eureka moment. "An antineutron would be made of antiquarks with the same charge and mass as those of normal matter." Mr. Finkletin looked upon the two girls with disdain, and yet defeat. "Very well. The two of you shouldn't have an issue for the regents exam. Get your things and get out. You have 99.2 seconds left before the bell rings. Get out!"

Eli could barely stand while Qwanda got her things, and Eli's. 'I can't walk like this. If only I had a chance to urinate at home I wouldn't be like this.' Eli whined within the confines of her mind. 'I have to keep moving. No matter what I can't allow myself to go here. Oh but I can't breath like this. My chest hurts and my urethra is ... ugh I can't even feel it. It's so numb snd sore at the same time. Come on Eli keep moving.' Carefully Eli stood up using her legs and hobbled over to her seat for her book bag. She took each step awkwardly and quickly, each step only funneling her pee more towards her already worn out urethra. Eli swiftly put her bag on her back and went for the hallway. Outside the crowd of students was mildly dense. It was lessening due to the time taken to get to the next class. 

It was now 11:33 am going on 11:34 am and only one minute left before the next period (6th period) begins. Eli moved like a waddling penguin, one step at a time. She kept her hands in the crotch area of her skirt, squeezing her exit hole with her hands, and keeping her exit hole contracted at its current exertion. Yet again, her urge to go skyrocketed and forcing her to wince. "Ngh ngh ngh oh gawd I have to pee!" She cried softly. Sadly the cafeteria didn't have bathrooms like most other schools so she had to go to the nearby hallway bathrooms. Eli had only about 40 seconds left before her next class nearby. Eli made her way past the cafeteria and the auditorium for the bathrooms. She could see the door for the females in sight. But she didn't realize what awaited her yet. Outside the bathroom was sheer distress and needy persons yearning for freedom. 

"MOVE IT! I have to pee here! Come on class is in about half a minute." One girl shouted. "Pipe down! We all have to go. It's not as if we're males with a tube. And of course some of us (raising her voice) are HOGGING the toilet for ticktok fans!" Another girl replied. "Shut up!" Shouted the girl doing the ticktok work. So many girls were in dire need of the bathroom and couldn't just go before. They didn't care about class at this point. Their dignity was more important. 45 seconds left of the time remained, which by this point came Eli. To her horror, it looked bad. The queue spanned 15 girls of all high school ages waiting for their turn to get relief. Eli couldn't believe this, but she stayed on line due to the fact she probably wouldn't have another chance for a while. Writhing in desperation, she kept her legs pressed tightly against each other while holding herself. She swayed side to side, crossing her right leg over her left leg twice, squeezing her crotch tightly all in vain efforts to lessen her urge to go.

The seconds passed without a single person entering it. Of course, one person left the bathroom but as soon as the person in front went inside, she came out. She exhaled in a state of frustration. "Aw come on!" "What the-" "Seriously?". The line of girls behind her whined about this. "It's not my fault. And still the Tiktoker is inside. HEY GET OUT HERE! WE'RE DYING FOR THE TOILET!" The girl in front screamed. No response. Suddenly, the bell rang, followed by moans and groans. Some of the girls left the queue searching for other bathrooms before the hallway warden and her crew show up. The others began entering the bathroom and banged on the stall doors. "Open up the bell rang. The hallway warden is going to show up any moment! Come on get out of there." One girl shouted. Another girl keeping her left leg in front of the other, bobbing up and down, had the appearance of worry and imminent danger. "Oh no oh no oh no OH NO!" She squeaked in a high pitched voice. 

A hissing noise could be heard from her very short denim shorts. A small stream emerged from between her somewhat thick thighs, slithering down her thighs and splintering off into smaller rivulets and droplets. Another stream protruding from the main one emerged to the left of the main one, curved at first but goes straight down. For a whole 10 seconds, it was a separate stream before rejoining the first stream. It went down to her flats and spraying outside, while also being absorbed by them. "Oooooooooooo." She said softly. A few other girls became terrified of this and banged on the doors harder. Eli was too busy fighting her urge to go while outside the bathroom door. 

She grimaced and winced, squeezing her urethra muscle to no avail. She just couldn't make it contract more. Her heart raced and pounded. She wanted this nightmare to end, and before having a heart attack. But she didn't want to ruin her clothes or dignity. Nor did she want to explain anything if she was caught. "Gaaaahhh .. aaaaaaaaauuuuuuhhh .... sssss .... ugh oh ****. Hmmmmmmmmm!" She whined. Suddenly, a tap from behind caught her attention. It was none other than Ms. Sternly, standing above her, as if towering as a giant. Her arms folded and eyes wide with an atmosphere not at all friendly. "What do you think you're doing out here? .... (Eli staring at the warden, trying to speak but ultimately cut off) DON'T SPEAK! Where is your next class urchin?" Ms. Sternly snapped in a commanding voice. Eli weakly replied. "I-it's .... p-prrrrre ... calculus. But I-" she was cut short. Ms. Stern grabbed her by the left arm, abruptly picked her up and immediately began taking her to class. 

"Aahh hey don't-" Students like you loitering around are not what this school needs. And stop behaving like a child who has toileting issues. You're 18 aren't you?" Ms. Stern retorted. Eli had no choice but to follow along by foot to keep up. Each step she took was one vibration after another, each threatening to cause her to leak. Her urethra shook and vibrated, her ocean sloshed violently against her insides, threatening to make her hold on her ocean break. She tensed up as another wave of desperation came by. She stopped in her tracks, bending forward. She winced trying to further hold back the tide, only to be yanked forward by the hallway warden. 'Unbelieavable to think I am in charge of these urchins with no toilet training.' Ms. Stern thought. "Who is your precalculus teacher urchin? WHO IS IT?" "MRS. MARSDEN now let go of me!" "NO it's time for class. Didn't you go before-oh right I took you to class. We'll when class time has started, no roaming the halls or trying to use the bathroom. Period!"

"Aaaaaaaa crazy hallway warden's minions chasing us out of the bathrooms." A girl screamed from behind Eli and Ms. Stern. "Excuse me everyone! This is your school principal. We are instituting new policy changes for the bathrooms. After the bell rings to end a period and once the bell rings again to start the next period, we are no longer allowing students to remain outside or inside the bathrooms. Long have the bathrooms been used for sex, hanging out, or hogging the toilets, causing tardiness for other using the bathrooms. And if you aren't able to use the bathroom by the time the bell rings for the next class period, that's it. You hold it. We are sending in the hallway warden and her brigade to clear out students still hanging around bathrooms, and lockers too. And we are also putting monitors at the front doors to the cafeteria and gymnasium to check who is entering and who isn't allowed at that period of time to prevent the same issue. From now on, you go to these two areas when it's your period. Your proof is your class schedule. And the monitor will have a tablet to verify the schedule you show to combat against hacking. Thank you and have a more productive day. Goodbye deviant behaviors!" Ms. Stern had this smile on her face that went from one to the other. Eli, writhing in her need to go, couldn't break free from her butch military warden-like hands. 

No matter what she did to curb her need to go with leg crossings and swaying her hips, it didn't not change anything. As stated, once that dog barked from earlier, she was to be plagued with her incessant urge until she found a toilet, pissed herself by uncontrollable bodily reaction or choice, or her bladder pops like Tyco Brahe. Back at Mrs. Marsden's precalculus class, she had already begun teaching about logarithmic graphs for calculating the slope. So logarithmic graphs are not parabolic at all. They may appear to be negatively parabolic but they aren't. As you can see a negative parabolic graph looks like this:

A logarithmic graph looks like this:

Or:

They have a slow increase in the positive (or increasing) logarithmic function or the negative (or decreasing) logarithmic function. But none of them are parabolic at all, nor are they exponential functions. I will show you more examples to prevent confusion. This will be on your final exam! There is no room for saying you didn't know." Mrs. Marsden was about to continue her lecture after the pause to allow her students to finish writing when the door to her room was trusted open. "Mrs. Marsden, you have one straggler left behind. I'm sure you'll want to have this straggler (Eli, whimpering from nearly having flood, whimpering from being thrusted into class) back. Good day!". Ms. Stern said, then immediately turned around and closed the door to the bathroom. Eli, standing and leaning against another student's desk to regain composure went to the back of the first row near the door and sat down. 

Mrs. Marsden, looking on with contempt for 30 seconds, then for the sake of the rest of the class continued her lecture.  "Anyway, so logarithmic functions come two forms. One is the common way when we say log or logarithmic function base a specific base, usually 10. The other way is saying Ln or natural log base of e, in which e stands for a specific number which I will get to in a moment. It is an irrational number which doesn't stop and continues forever. Eli sat there trying to reduce her need to go. No one class dared to upset the teacher and focused on the classwork. Even the teacher didn't even want to day a word. 'That's three times being late to class! Now I will get detention and never graduate. If only I waited to pee this morning and took a piece of toast. I wouldn't be in this mess. But .... no I can't blame anyone anymore. Still, I would have went of it wasn't for happened in physics. That wasn't my fault.' Eli thought to herself. 

The time was 11:47 am and still class continued. She hadn't taken a single note since she was brought into class. Eli couldn't even note take period. She was too busy with the very much encompassing need to go. She did text some information on her phone and took out her textbook. She wasn't a brainy math person but her textbook didn't seem to fail her and she figured she could understand the work from there. So far, she had come to understand the logarithmic function as the inverse of the exponential function and end result was the exponent in the exponential function. It seemed to make sense. She understood there were two types of logarithmic functions. One based on 10 and another based on the value represented by the letter e. She didn't understand more than that. 

By the time it was 11:54 am, the teacher ended her lecture and proceeded to give her next command. "As always, you will do the classwork section in your textbook for logarithmic functions. You all have until the end of the class period to finish the first 15 math problems, the last two involves using your heads a bit more critically. These kinds of questions will be on your final exam. Submit them by the end of the period as well. And the homework section of your textbook must be done for Monday, except for questions 24-30. Those aren't necessary to do." With that she began looking over some emails from her computer and other documents from the department. The class began the classwork section, while Eli was writhed in her desperation. She gritted her teeth, bending forward to the point of almost putting her head down on the desk. Her hands clutching her crotch via her skirt for dear life, her feet shifting every so often, sometimes by scraping across the floor. 

If only this poor girl could just simply use the bathroom. But of course, she would be allowed to at all. They have the bathrooms locked to anyone during class period. The cafeteria and gymnasium were also off limits too. Eli had nowhere to go. All she could do was wait this out too. Out of nowhere, she felt an oh so very light tap against her head, and a crunch sound. It was a paper sheet from a 5 star notebook crumpled into a ball of bent paper thrown at her. Eli couldn't barely think about reading notes when another crumpled piece of paper was thrown at her. Both fell onto the ground upon impact with her head. She picked up the second one and carefully opened it up. It read 'Pisswhores go straight for the underworld!' She threw it away to one side and continued with the classwork. Or at least she was trying to as it might provide a good distraction. 

But upon 5 minutes, she could barely focus. She couldn't think straight. The first couple of questions should have been answered admittedly, and they would have been had she not had this terrible urge to go. 

What is the log base 10 of the following?

1. Log (10) of 30?
2. Log (2) of 16?
3. Log (4) of 64?
4. Log (10) of 1000?
5. Log (10) of 100?
6. Log (3) of 71?
7. Log (1) of 1?

Eli had a scientific calculator with graphing functions. She could barely think straight. "UuuuuuussssssssSssssssss ..... mmmmm ..... oh gawd! Oh I've gotta pee so badly." She said softly to herself. Again, she was thrown another crumpled note, which fell on her desk. She tossed it aside and continued working on the classwork. It was 12:02 pm and still only 18 minutes left. Again, her urge skyrocketed and again she found herself doubling down on ensuring she didn't piss herself. She made all sorts of faces as part of her need to hold it. Eli could feel her body weaken and ready to give up this fight. She just didn't want to do this anymore. Her body was done. The feeling of mental and physical drain was just at its peak. No further could she feel her muscles down below. She couldn't stay awake. She kept dosing off, and having to wake herself up. Each time she awoke, she gasped as she abruptly returned to the land of the awake. 

She could barely even hold her pencil as time progressed. Eli barely answered half the questions and still it was 12:12 pm. Anytime her need to go skyrocketed, she tensed up to hold it. But her ability to hold it seemed useless. She felt her hold over her body was so minimal, almost as though she could barely reach or sense it. At one point, during a massive urge to go, she grimaced and yawned at the same time. At 12:17 pm, the time approached the end. Just then, another crumpled piece of paper made contact with her, falling in her lap. She picked it up and opened it. She threw it away due to its very disgusting content. Another urge came by, which remained on top of her incessant urge to go from when the dog barked. She could barely contract her urethra muscle which wasn't recognizable or perceivable from going so numb. She contracted and squeezed but nothing happened. She couldn't hold onto her pencil, dropping it onto her lap, her right hand shaking and her body sweating. Her breathing labored,  constricted, and deep. 'Oh I wish I could just take a piss already.'

She got her things together despite the classwork assignment. She wanted to be ready to leave the classroom for the chance to get to the bathroom asap. She knew the queues and how long girls take. Especially for those who didn't get a chance to pee earlier. Eli felt weak and heavy from all this holding. Sadly, though she would only have two more periods to go before she could eat anything. She didn't have a snack with her nor a soda. And the only place to get that was at the vending machine. The vending machine was in the cafeteria. The cafeteria would be open to her at 8th period. It was 12:19 pm and still the longest 60 seconds of her life were passing by. It was the worst 60 seconds of her life seeing the second hand move ever so slowly, creeping slower than a snail. It had no urgency. Her heart pounded though not very much due to being exhausted. The anxiety was the only thing keeping it alive. 

"Go faster. I'm about to piss myself. I'll never ask for anything else again. Just this once please be 12:20 pm." She whimpered in anticipation. She remembered her childhood when it seemed there wasn't enough time with her grandparents. Then finally, the bell rang and at last freedom was nigh here. She got up the first second of hearing the bell. She held on tight as best as she could despite the exhaustion and the power of gravity. She moved quickly and hastily to the nearest bathroom. She didn't stop despite her wave of desperation plaguing her. She longed for this pain to end and to let it all go, but she had to hold on. No matter what. She dodged a plethora of students,  becoming a part of the growing crowd of students. She moved quickly and awkwardly towards the bathroom without wasting a moment. 

Eli had to be careful not to bump into anyone leaving their classroom for the hallway. Suddenly, a female student emerged from one of the classes forcing Eli to stop before a collision with the other student. It was a 9th grader no doubt but the student apologized and allowed Eli to keep moving. One girl from behind, one of those sexy bimbo kinds (18 years), with her hands in her crotch, walking ever so childishly, brushed past Eli almost making her loose her balance. Eli stopped to deal with the urge while on one side. She didn't want an accident but she didn't want to lose another chance to urinate. She kept on moving after a moment and upon seeing the bathroom, she saw a small queue. She didn't waste time getting behind the girl who nearly caused her to fall over. 

Eli waddled behind her to get on line for the bathroom. All four girls waited to get into the bathroom, due to it being locked by school staff. None of them wanted to miss their opportunity to use the toilet for relief. Sadly, they missed their chances for the bathroom before, and are now in desperate need. The girl in front of Eli (who nearly caused Eli to fall down), was a blonde wearing a white, skin tight tang top with sleeves covering only her shoulders, and exposing her belly button. She wore a black ruffled mini skirt that exposed all but the lower portion of her buttocks, exposing her slender, skinny, petite, long legs. Of course she wore green-colored panties, a navel piercing, and flip flops. In front of her was a brown-haired girl wearing a magenta, long-sleeve shirt with purple flower petal designs all over, which covered her belly and the upper portion of her jeans. Her jeans were a light teal in color, skin tight, and conformed to her average built legs. Her foot wear was a pair of high heels. 

In front of her was a redhead wearing a pair of light blue, frayed denim shorts that honestly covered half her buttocks and one of those sleeveless tang tops. It of course showed cleavage, and of course going up to her upper abdomen. Her shorts also showed just a bit of the lowest portion of her buttocks, where they meet the upper thigh. Her footwear was nothing more than house slippers. The girl in front of Eli and at the front of the line were the most skimpy dressed girls so far in this story and both were desperate. They bobbed up and down, but the girl at the very front bobbed up and down faster than a spring loaded bobble head. All four girls are 18 years old. There aren't any minors period!! The girl at the front of the line, in front kept muttering to herself about possibly exploding, and the dangerous predicament behind that. "Gottagogottagogottagogottago! Oh I wish I wore pannies today!" 

Eli stood there writhing in pain and exhaustion, unable to contract any further than she already did. She kept her rightbleg double wrapped around her left leg. "eeeeeeaaaaaaaaaah ... mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ... rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ..." Eli groaned. The line didn't seem to move for a good 40 seconds. In that time, the four girls were (in order of who was at the door  to where Eli stood, that is the girls Wendi, Julie, Brooke, and Eli) stood there waiting for their turn at relief. If those girls wanted a chance to go they needed to have the bathrooms available. And now! Wendi blew air furiously while holding herself big time. She was ready to explode after having first period gym and study hall, drinking nothing but water. "Oooooooo I wish I didn't have those three large bottles of waterrrrr! Oh come on where are you school staff?" She said shakily and anxiously. 

Julie was a bit more docile since her need wasn't as severe but she did have to go. She had a full bladder with a certain pressure against her urethra. It was significant enough that she chose to go before it got worse. Brooke kept bobbing up and down, becoming more upset by the moment. "What the **** are they doing? Someone should be here when it's time between periods! What are we 5? We don't need this kind of silly regulations. Eli continued bending forward, wincing in pain and breathing heavily due to her need to go. Her heart beat furiously from the flight or fight response due to the overwhelming pressure to go. She kept walking in one spot to ensure she doesn't fall asleep. She was tired and exhausted, constantly widening her eyes to fight sleep.

The crowd of students kept on growing as time passed with students going to their lockers or directly to their next class. Thank goodness Eli and the others stayed to one side. Had they not, it would be disasterous. She kept her hands in her crotch, holding in for dear life as the pressure kept rising. Her bladder kept contracting to force out the hot pent up urine inside it. 'Where is the hallway warden and her cronies when you need them? They always show up to punish you for wasting time. Why is this school so anal? If they want change, it's not enforcing Bibles on everyone.'

The time ticked on and closer to the end of this intermittence between classes. 'If they want to get rid of the trouble makers, first start with ALACSA and The Alpha Women. Start there! I'm so tired of their judgmental attitudes towards anyone who isn't a Bible fanatical like the Sacks family. Okay, I did out-of-marriage sex, but honestly these people are fanatics They want rulings to preserve religion even though it is provided by our secular constitutional republic. They talk about smaller government with limited power, but they don't care about the constitution, unless it serves them.' Eli thought, whimpering while doing everything to keep her hold on the situation. Eli stood there stewing in her extreme holding as she kept on the fight against her need to go. Don't get this wrong! She definitely wished she had been able to just go without issue. 

'Oh hurry up. I can't hold it much longer. I can barely feel my ... downstairs. Oh gawd 

I wish I didn't have so much coffee but how could I cope with all the nonsense.' Eli said in her mind. Eli truly wanted to be free from all this. But as long as she was not sitting upon a toilet seat, what freedom would she have. It was 12:22 pm and still no one came to open the bathroom door. All four girls became anxious by the prospect of missing out on another chance to urinate into a toilet. "Class starts in two minutes! Where is school staff?" Wendi whined. Brooke also began complaining. "This is ridiculous. We are not 5 years old!" Eli stood there bent forward and legs double-crossed. "RrrRRR ..... " She groaned out loud. Eli was at her wits end and still going. Her energy was spent. She desperately needed the toilet and NOW! From 7 am until now, she had been severely bursting to pee beyond belief. 

This was an unprecedented urge to pee. All that caffeine had been working on her. It was worse than alcohol. 

Finally at about 12:22:45 pm, a staff member came forward and opened the girl's bathroom. All the girls clambered inside, followed by Eli. She moved awkwardly and quickly. She had to pee and badly. But as she got inside all the girls took stalls and the urinal. The two bimbos took the stall while the middle girl used the urinal. The whole bathroom was drowned out with the sound of urine crashing into the toilet bowl water and the netting in the urinal. Eli stood there with tears watering in her eyes and down her sides of her face as she bit he fingernails in frantic mode. She knew the urinal was high enough her genital area was right up against it, leading to severe splattering. She walked to the stalls in frantic anticipation for her chance to pee. As the time ticked away, the longest 60 seconds of her life, she became more antsy. "Heeeey (whole banging on the door to the stall nearest the sink) open up I have to pee. Come one their gonna close down the bathrooms. Come on!" But Wendi just responded "**** off".

Eli, stood there appalled and shocked, then moved to the other stall. "Heeey open up (banging on the door), please please I have to pee so badly. My stomach hurts. Ohgawdohgawdohgawd. Please please open uhuuuuuup!" She whined. Brooke, shocked by this, responded "Go away freak!" Eli, battling another wave of desperation, pleaded in desperation. "Look! I just need that toilet. I am begging you. I ... I .... I can't hold out much longer and I need your help. Like you, I also need the toilet to pee. I .... (sobbing out loud) please just help a girl out please. I wouldnt leave you like this. I am pain and I ... all I want is to take one glorious piss since morning. I've been holding three super sized oceans worth and I am desperate. Please have a heart and help me." Brooke upon hearing her sobs, she sighed for a moment, then said. "Okay I'll come out. But I won't do for you everytime. And that's ambitious to hold that much. Why?" "I drank too much coffee to deal with all the s*** at this school." "Oh I hear ya. Alright girl you can have it. Almost ... done and voila. Okay."
 
She pulls up her skirt, flushed, snd opened the door. Eli smiled and went inside. At last, she finally got to find freedom. Freedom!!!! FREEDOM! She lowered her backpack onto the ground, unbuttoned her skirt and put it onto her backpack, then lowered her underwear, and lowered herself onto the toilet (which honestly looked like it's wad cleaned and kept clean), and unleashed her deluge. She cried inside joy, thanking the girl out loud, and kept her hands in her face. She panted so hard and long, sitting there so relaxed. For 2 minutes straight, she peed at full force, before it trickled down gradually, to spurts and intermittent peeing fits, then to spurts, and droplets and then nothing. She wiped herself with a flushable wipe and got dressed. She flushed, left the stall, and washed her hands. With her backpack, she went to class and the rest of her day was completed. 
