Unexpected dormmate

Author: gonzarezu

*000*2024-10-10 23:14

The guide walked the two young men to their new dorms.

"This is where you'll be staying during your time at our University", said the guide as he opened the door.

The young men stared in disbelief at first. Their eyes ignored the furnishings of the mundane dorm room and fixated immediately on the naked, young woman handcuffed to the radiator.

"Oh, her", said the guide nonchalantly. "She is yours. Feed her, take care of her, have her do what you want."

Jeff, one of the young roommates, trying to make sense of the situation asked himself out loud, "I wonder what the girls get in their dorm...".

The guide heard this and looked at Jeff puzzled. After a second or two, the guide lit up and started laughing hysterically. "Oh, man. The girls dorms. Good one. That's a good one. Hahaha. Ok, you guys have fun and enjoy the campus. I'll be in touch". And with that the guide walked off to his next duties.

Jeff and his roommate Bill unpacked while their unexpected, third roommate sat silently at the back of the room.

"Uh.... I'm Bill, by the way" said Bill to Jeff.

"Jeff, nice to meet you. I guess this school is going to be more inter than I thought.", replied Jeff.

"So, what should we do now?"

"I don't know, maybe get some food?"

"And.... what about her?"

"Hey, what's your name?", Jeff asked the woman.

"Yours, master", she replied while looking up at him.

"Are you hungry?"

"I will eat when you see fit, master".

"Oh....ok. we'll bring you back something. Will you be ok here?"

"I will enjoy that, master. I will be here."

Jeff looked at Bill. "I guess we have our answer.", he summized. They both left the room to find the dining hall.

Losing track of time eating and exploring, they returned to their dorm three hours later.

Opening the door, they are still not fully used to the sight of the captive woman that came with their dorm.

They walk in and Jeff starts, "hey, we brought you something".

"Thank you, master. Welcome back. I've waited patiently for you, like a good girl", she greeted.

Jeff couldn't help but notice that her legs were crossed and slightly shaking. She said nothing, but her eyes seem to have a pleading look.

Jeff worked up the courageous to ask, "do you need to do something before you eat?"

"Yes, master. I've been waiting quite a while. What should I do, master?", she replied.

"Well, we can't have you peeing on the floor," joked Jeff.

"That's up to you, master.", replied the woman sincerely.

"I was joking. I think. Uhm... the guide didn't really explain much. How do we, uhhh..."

"Under your bed, master, there are some items for you to use as you would like. There is a bowl, for example.....", she advised with a breathy, desperate voice as she slightly blushed.

"Bowl sound good to me, man.", said Bill to Jeff.

Jeff pulled out a bin of odd items from under his bed that have been provided by the University. He ignored then for now and focused on fetching the bowl. He placed it gingerly on the floor between her legs.

The woman lifted herself up over the bowl and let out a long stream of hissing piss while the two young men watched in awe.

"Thank you, masters", she said when she had finished.

Later that night, both Jeff and Bill laid in bed imagining how they could be more creative with their unexpected dormmate.

