Citrinne, Lapis, and the Outhouse (Fire Emblem Engage)

Author: Goldwood

*000*2024-03-02 19:45

Hey OmoOrg! It's been a hot minute since I posted here, but the comments of my last Fire Emblem post expressed interest in a Citrinne story. Here you go!

The carriage bounced down a backcountry road as Citrinne looked out the window in anticipation. Lapis sat across from her talking excitedly about all the things she’d missed since her last visit home. While the pair had been friends for years, Citrinne hadn’t learned the truth about Lapis’ social status until a few months prior. Being lied to hurt, but Citrinne couldn’t blame her friend either. Her family’s fortune had to be intimidating to the daughter of a humble potato farmer. But all of that was in the past. After taking Lapis to her parents' home a few times, it was time for Lapis to finally return the favor.

“So that’s all of us! My ma, pa, yours truly, then Gemma, Pearl, and little Quartz,” Lapis said.

“They’ve always sounded like such a delightful family. I’m happy to finally meet them,” Citrinne said.

The carriage arrived in town. Citrinne looked out expecting them to stop, but the driver turned a corner and kept going. “Just how much further out is your place?”

“We pass a few hills, go over the river, and then it’s just past the second stand of oak trees. Or maybe third? It’s been awhile since I was last home,” Lapis said.

Both friends engaged in small talk for the remainder of the ride. Following Alear’s defeat of Sombron, it was refreshing to see the world returning back to normal. Brodia Castle felt different with Diamant now on the throne, but it was the start of a refreshing new normalcy after the war. Citrinne asked Lapis if she would go to the upcoming ball with Alcryst, but was denied an answer as the carriage finally stopped.

“We have arrived, my lady!” the driver said.

Citrinne thanked him and tipped him generously as he handed them their bags. Lapis’ single bag was smaller than all three of Citrinne’s which led to her scooping up one of Citrinne’s despite multiple assurances that she was fine. They headed up to the door and Citrinne took in Lapis’ house for the first time.

It… had lots of character. It was only one story and marked by splotchy paint jobs and numerous places where the walls and roof had been repaired. A “fun story” about Lapis’ father crashing through the ceiling while repairing the roof did little to boost Citrinne’s confidence in the building’s structural integrity, but the visit was about being a friend to Lapis anyway. Several fields of potatoes stretched between the house and the woods behind it along with an orchard and two sheds. The first was filled with farm equipment and Citrinne couldn’t tell what function the second one served until Lapis set their bags down at the door.

“Oh thank the Divine One. I gotta use the outhouse so bad!” Lapis said. She took off running across the field and threw open the door to the second “shed”.

“Outhouse.”

Citrinne recoiled at that word as she waited for her friend to return. Surely, that was just a precaution incase someone had to relieve themselves while farming or gardening. This was Brodia, not even a full day’s ride away from the castle! Lapis’ house wasn’t the nicest, but plumbing had to be the bare minimum. Right?

“Citrinne! You look like you’ve seen a ghost.” Lapis said.

“It’s nothing. Well maybe something. I really hope I don’t sound too entitled asking this, but your house has running water, right?”

“Oh did I not mention that? We don’t. Pa talked about adding it once or twice, but I don’t think he ever got around to setting it up. We get our water from the well and do our business in the outhouse. Welcome to the country!”

Citrinne did everything in her power not to grimace. “Sounds like it will certainly be a different lifestyle for the weekend.” She figured she could handle drinking well water. Perhaps pulling up a bucket would even be fun. But the outhouse… She could barely stand the bathrooms in the Somniel once Alear’s party grew large enough and they received heavy traffic. But sharing a single outhouse with a family of six, three of whom were children? She felt filthy just thinking about it. There was a slight twinge in her bladder, but Citrinne resolved to visit the outhouse as little as possible. Besides, it was time to meet Lapis’ family.

Citrinne followed Lapis inside and met her family. Her father or “Pa” was a large man named Onyx who had an iron handshake. Lapis’ “Ma”, Opal, hugged her despite meeting for the first time. Then came all of Lapis’s younger siblings. Gemma was a typical bored teenager while her youngest sister Pearl and brother Quartz were wrestling around on the floor. Citrinne politely declined an offer to wrestle while Lapis jumped into the fray when Quartz wasn’t looking. It was endearing yet wildly different from her home life.

“Would you like something to drink?” Opal asked Citrinne.

“Yes please. What options are there?”

Opal named a list of drinks but was quickly drowned out by Pearl and Quartz begging for orange juice. “Would that be alright, Citrinne? It’s freshly squeezed from the orchard.”

“Sounds delightful,” Citrinne said. It wasn’t her preferred ginseng tea, but Lapis had insisted that her family’s fresh oranges were almost as good as their potatoes. She expected a glass ready out of habit, but wound up being called out to the orchard alongside Lapis. Opal handed each girl a basket and they began to pick oranges. Citrinne hadn’t done such a task before joining Alear at the Somniel, but it had always been a nice relaxing chore when with good company.

Opal asked them about their adventures with Alear and Citrinne explained as much as she could while doing her best to underscore the danger she and Lapis had faced. They moved to a second grove of trees and Citrinne’s eyes wandered to the outhouse. Her bladder was getting a bit fuller, and drinking juice would only add to her predicament. Perhaps she could wait a bit longer. It was mid afternoon which meant there was a good chance she could hold it for a few more hours and then only use the outhouse a second time before bed.

“Enjoying yourself so far?”

Citrinne was caught off guard as her mind returned to reality. Opal had left for the outhouse leaving just Citrinne and Lapis. “Oh yes! Your family is as lovely as you made them sound.”

“Okay, just checking. You seem a bit quieter than normal,” Lapis said.

“Oh, well it’s just… I’m a bit out of my element is all. There aren’t too many people wrestling around on the floor of my family’s estate,” Citrinne said. “And your bathroom situation really grosses me out, but I don’t know how to say that without sounding rude!”

“That makes a lot of sense. I’m sure you’ll fit right in by the end of our visit though!”

“Hopefully so,” Citrinne said.

Opal returned and led them back inside to make the orange juice. Citrinne shifted from foot to foot as she stood over the kitchen counter and squeezed her first orange. Juice sprayed in an all directions prompting a giggle from Lapis who showed her a better technique to direct more juice into the bowl. A few oranges later, Citrinne had gotten the technique down and developed a rhythm as she went through all of the oranges in her basket. She handed the bowl to Opal who poured all three bowls of juice into a pitcher and called in the rest of the family.

Citrinne took her first sip and was immediately impressed. It was the perfect blend of sweet and tangy and before she knew it, she drank the whole glass. The last thing her bladder needed was more juice, but when both Opal and Lapis joked about how fast she drank, there was no way to avoid a second glass without sounding rude.

Citrinne took her time with her second glass. Her bladder felt quite bloated and she reluctantly came to terms with the fact that her trip to the outhouse was coming sooner rather than later. While Lapis’ parents started to cook dinner, Lapis asked Citrinne if she was up for a few rounds of games. Citrinne agreed and headed outside.

Citrinne and Lapis played a few rounds of a ring toss game. For all of her precision with casting fire and lightning spells, tossing small metal rings into a bucket turned out to be quite difficult. By the third round, the motion of bending down to pick up the rings was really giving her bladder fits. Her aim grew increasingly more sporadic as she fidgeted and one of her rings went flying into the shed.

“I’ll go get that,” Citrinne said awkwardly.

“Are you okay?” Lapis asked.

“She knows something’s wrong. This is a disaster. I just have to find that ring and pee!"

“I’m fine. I guess I’m just a little jittery from all the sugar in that orange juice,” Citrinne said. She took off into the shed and fumbled with a match as she tried to light a lantern. She finger throbbed in pain as she accidentally burned herself. Then the unthinkable happened.

A small jet of pee leaked into her underwear.

Citrinne froze. “Oh no no no…” She had to find the ring and get out!

She successfully lit the lantern and looked around the shed. She had overthrown the ring, but it couldn’t be that far inside. Citrinne scanned the floor and grimaced when she saw it under a sawing table that required her to crawl to reach it. She got onto her hands and knees when she leaked again. This one lasted a few seconds longer and Citrinne’s face turned crimson as a small pool formed on the shed’s floor. She reached for the ring and leaked again.

“This cannot be happening.”

“What can’t be happening?” Lapis asked with far more attitude than usual.

Citrinne cringed as she realized she’d accidentally said that last thought out loud. Lapis stood in the shed’s entrance with folded arms. “You’re not having a good time, are you?”

“I am! Your family is nice, and this game is fun, even if I’m not very good at it.”

Lapis rolled her eyes. “I’m not an idiot. You’re in here grumbling and complaining about having to get down on your hands and knees in this dusty shed cause you’re a fancy lady whose family is worth a million gold! I don’t know how we convinced ourselves visit was a good idea.”

“Lapis, that isn’t it all!”

“Then why are you acting like you’re so miserable?”

Citrinne leaked again. “It’s because… because I… I really have… oh no!”

Citrinne gasped as she lost control of her bladder. She tried to clamp the leak shut like the previous ones, but panicked as she realized there was no stopping it. Pee soaked through her silk clothes and cascaded down her legs before pooling at her feet and in her shoes. By the time she regained enough control to stop the stream, the damage was done. Citrinne began to cry as a second smaller stream broke through seconds later.

“Citrinne! What happened? Why didn’t you tell me you had to pee?” Lapis asked. Her anger was completely replaced by concern.

“You’re going to hate me for this.”

“I promise you, I won’t.”

Citrinne wiped her tears and fessed up. “I thought using an outhouse was gross, so I tried to put off going as long as possible. Then I drank too much orange juice and overestimated my bladder capacity like a child!, I’m a member of the Brodian council who just wet myself at my best friend's house.”

Lapis gave her a hug. “It’s okay, Citrinne. Come with me.”

Citrinne followed her, unsure where they were going. Lapis led her into the woods before stopping on the bank of a river. “Let’s go for a swim,” Lapis said.

Citrinne nodded and waded into the river. The water was chilly but she certainly didn’t mind as it washed the urine out of her clothes. Lapis swam out a few feet away from her before standing on the river bottom and smiling with a blank expression on her face. A few seconds later, the water around Citrinne grew warm.

“Lapis did you just…”

Lapis grinned sheepishly. “Maaaybe.”

Citrinne laughed. “Glad I’m not the only one who wet myself today.”

“I am too,” Lapis said. “With that misunderstanding out of the way, do you think you can handle a whole weekend out here?”

Citrinne smiled. “I think so. I asked to experience your home life, so I might as well enjoy it—outhouse, and all.”

*003*2024-03-15 02:46

{{On 3/4/2024 at 10:12 PM, Misao Eshi said:

Wow this is my favorite tale, i have an idea you can use, It's about Panette meeting with all the Engage girls to tell scary stories, with the challenge of drinking 3 liters of water and after that seeing who has the strongest bladder when it comes to telling a ghost story, although no matter how you feel You would imagine Ivy would be the first to lose but it would be great to see characters you didn't use like Framme, Hortensia, Timerra, Merrin, etc.

}}

I am always down for more Ivy content. The thought of using the support where she and Timerra go camping for omo has definitely occured to me!

