Country Pissin’

Author: Glass

*000*2023-04-01 21:46

Hello All! First time omo writer here! This story is actually based on a true story I heard from a friend who pissed herself at a country festival not long ago. A majority of this will technically be fiction since she didn’t describe the “incident” in detail. But rest assured, this girl did actually piss herself in public, if it enhances the story at all lol! Hope you all enjoy, and I hope to write more like this in the future. *ON WITH THE STORY*

Izzy had just finished her third water bottle of the day by the time she and her friends, Kevin and Toby, pulled up to the fairgrounds in Kevin’s red, mud-covered pickup. Country music festivals were a rare occurrence for their area, given that they were only an hour outside of the closest city. Most artists either played in the city or otherwise avoided the outskirts entirely, so Izzy wasn’t about to let the rare chance to have a true country music festival pass her by. Not to mention the the lineup was amazing; the likes of Rascal Flatts, George Strait, and Alan Jackson, Izzy’s absolute favorite artist. She was skipping two college exams today for this, but she didn’t care one bit.

Izzy wasn’t quite a walking contradiction, but she might as well have been given her mix of styles. Her aesthetic laid somewhere between redneck and goth, of all things. Her wear was clearly country, but with a few eccentricities. Her white shirt was large on her petite 5 foot 1 figure, which she had tied up on the side to reveal her flat midriff and pierced navel. Her jean shorts were short, but not “farm girl” short, reaching about halfway down her thighs. She wore calf-high country boots, but they shined and looked almost never worn. Apart from that, she was absolutely goth. Her skin was pale, and her hair contrasted between jet black roots and crimson red ends. Even more telling were her black lace bra and gray lace panties. Izzy only ever wore dark underwear, a trait that she found sexy in herself. An outsider would have said the most country thing about her was the company she kept, Kevin and Toby especially.

The two of them romped out of Kevin’s truck laughing rowdily, already fairly drunk. The petite Izzy actually needed to leap from the passenger seat to the ground, feeling a twinge in her bladder during the land. Fuck. All that water… I gotta find a bathroom soon. She thought.

Izzy was a bold, almost vulgar girl 90 percent of the time. However, when it came to matters of the bladder, she was shy and extremely easy to embarrass. Being tiny, Izzy also had a tiny bladder. She hated drinking with her guy friends, as she almost always had to relieve herself multiple times during an outing, leading to teasing from the guys without fail. It was especially bad with Kevin, as he was naturally loud. Any bladder issues Izzy faced would practically be announced to half the festival if he were made aware. On top of that, Izzy hated public restrooms. The filthiness and smell were bad enough, but thinking about anyone hearing her pee petrified Izzy. Therefore, Izzy steeled herself to hold it, at least until after Alan Jackson’s set.

The initial walkthrough of the festival grounds didn’t help matters, as it was made clear that Izzy’s only options for relief would be either the row of outhouses along the fence by the entrance, or the wooded area to the left of the main stage. Izzy hated outhouses even more than public toilets; dirtier, worse smells, and paper thin walls. And there was no way she was peeing outside. No choice. Gotta hold it. You got this, Iz. She reassured herself.

“Hey, Iz!” Someone yelled ahead. It was Toby. She hadn’t realized how far behind the boys she’d gotten. Had they noticed her need so soon? “We’re gonna get more beer! You want some?” He shouted. Izzy knew it would be a bad idea, beer went right through her. But it was over 90 degrees, and she needed something cold. She didn’t want the boys to discover her predicament either. “Yeah sure. Just a couple!” She shouted back.

By the time they set up their chairs, Izzy had already downed a beer. And by the end of the first set, she had finished another two. Her bladder was getting more insistent, but Izzy barely noticed, as she was distracted by some cute guys Toby had brought over. She danced with one until the second set ended.

As she sat back down for the intermission, Izzy’s bladder wouldn’t be ignored any longer. A wave of desperation came over her. She almost grabbed her crotch, but with her friends next to her, she had to settle for casually crossing her legs. God, I have to pee. I need a bathroom right now. Izzy groaned internally. “Hey guys. I gotta take a call real quick. I’ll be back.” She lied to Kevin and Toby. “Okay sure. But make sure you’re back soon, Jackson’s on in 15!” Kevin reminded her. “Got it!” Izzy said, now anxious to find relief.

Izzy speed-walked to the outhouses, sweat dripping down her face. Why did I have to wait so long? Fuck, I have to gooooo! She whined to herself. She reached the edge of festival grounds, only to find a line of at least five people in front of each outhouse. “Fuck! No! Why now?” She hissed under her breath. Izzy bit her lip and squished her soft, pale thighs together. Clenching her fists at her sides, she performed three quick bounces in a kind of covert potty dance, then dashed towards the woods. This’ll have to do. Oh, please let me make it! Izzy moaned internally.

Izzy dashed behind the nearest bush she could find, unbuttoned and unzipped, and rapidly yanked her shorts and panties down. She squatted and pushed, but released no urine. She was afraid this would happen. It wasn’t just that Izzy wouldn’t pee outside, she couldn’t pee outside. The mere thought of it was mortifying to her. “Come on, Iz. You know you need to pee. Just go”. Izzy whispered at herself angrily. She was imagining waterfalls and rain, oceans and rivers, until finally a small dribble began. Izzy wasn’t even relieved, and felt the opposite of relief when she heard a rustle in the bushes in front of her. She quickly stemmed her pathetic stream, and, ripping her panties and shorts back up her legs, saw Kevin approaching her. “Iz? What are you doing back here? Jackson’s on! Come on!” Kevin called. Izzy was still bursting to pee, but also still didn’t want Kevin knowing about it. So she reluctantly followed him back to their seats.

In her chair, Izzy casually inspected the crotch of her shorts for any leakage. Thankfully, the scare Kevin had given her saved her from leaking, so far. Unfortunately for Izzy, the small amount of pee she had let out had made her desperation increase incredibly. And she couldn’t just go off in the middle of Alan Jackson’s set, the boys would know something was going on then. Izzy would have to hold through the set. 30 more minutes… just 30 more minutes and then I can pee… God, I gotta go so bad.

Izzy tried to focus on Jackson’s music to distract herself, but she was just so desperate. Her brain was fuzzy, her pussy begged to be clutched. Her legs were crossed tight. Izzy left hand was rapidly rubbing her thigh, while her right hand’s fingers were drumming on the arm rest of the chair. The actions probably would have betrayed Izzy’s desperation, had everyone not been enthralled by Alan Jackson’s sweet country croon.

As Jackson moved to his last song, Kevin, now thoroughly hammered, let out a rowdy shout while trying to shotgun a can of beer. Being so drunk, the poke on the can was horrible, causing beer to spray all over Kevin’s face. Izzy would have found it hilarious, had she not been so desperate. Her bladder, on the other hand, found it far from funny, immediately sending a hard spurt of pee into Izzy’s lace panties. “Mmh!” She moaned audibly, though not so loud that anyone could hear over the music. She clenched her thighs, squeezing one hard with her hand, and manage to stop the flow. Fuck fuck fuck! Izzy was frantic. Gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee!

Izzy repeated this mantra for the rest of Jackson’s last song. She had never had to pee so bad, and had never wanted to hear an Alan Jackson song end so bad. When it finally did, Izzy immediately stood bolt upright, shouting “illbebackinasecondguys!” To the boys, who were too drunk to even notice.

As she speed-walked yet again to the outhouses, Izzy felt the wetness in her panties. Her jean shorts were still dry, but she wasn’t sure for how long. I’m not gonna make it! I’m already leaking! Come on come on, I really have to goooooo! She thought as she approached the clearing containing her relief.

Izzy turned the corner to find even bigger lines than before, at least 10 in front of each bathroom. “Ah! Shit shit shit! Have to go have to go!” She whispered aloud. She bounced frantically, one hand on her hips, the other hovering near her crotch. She wanted to hold herself so badly, but her dignity still took precedence. She looked around anxiously for another option, any other option. There was none. The woods were now packed with people smoking and drinking, and guys relieving themselves. Fuck me. Okay, I can hold it. I gotta hold it. Izzy hoped she was right and got in the shortest line.

Izzy didn’t want anyone to know how desperately she had to go, but her bladder didn’t care. It sent wave after wave crashing into walls of her bursting dam. Izzy subtly danced from foot to foot, bouncing lightly. Although it was obvious to most people at this point that Izzy was bursting to piss. The line was moving quickly at least, increasing her confidence that she would make it. Three more people… Just three more people. Izzy thought frantically.

As she did, however, her bladder spasmed, sending a one-second spurt into her panties with an audible hiss. Izzy finally gave her crotch a squeeze and scissored her legs, stopping the stream again. Her pussy stung and her eyes watered. As she removed her hands, she saw a wet spot the size of a silver dollar on the crotch of her jean shorts. Fuck fuck… not now! I’m so close! I can’t hold it anymore! What if I don’t make it? God, I have to piss! Izzy’s mind and bladder were screaming at her. Seeing that no one was behind her in line, she broke into a full-on potty dance, clutching her crotch like a vice grip. She had to pee NOW.

The line slowed to crawl with two people in front of Izzy. There were now three people behind her, eliminating her ability to grab herself unseen. She couldn’t bear to openly hold herself in front of strangers as a twenty year old woman. She opted to shove her hands into her shorts pockets and cross her legs, desperately trying to contain the flood inside her with limited help. Finally, she was in front of the door to the outhouse, only one person standing between her and utter relief. Hurry up hurry up hurry up! Holy fuck, I have to go so fucking bad! Another huge spurt interrupted Izzy’s thoughts, but this time she couldn’t grab her crotch. She stuck her hands deep into her pockets and jiggled rapidly, feeling a stream of pee slide down her leg into her boot. Fuck… I can’t wait anymore!

Izzy moaned.

Izzy pounded on the door of the outhouse. “Hello? Please hurry! I really gotta pee!” She yelled through the thin door, her other hand buried deep in her pocket. She jiggled frantically again. “Hold on, please!” Came a young female voice. Izzy moaned audibly as another squirt shot on to the dirt below. Please… God, I’m so fucking desperate! Izzy thought she was done for.

@@Finally, the door swung open, the girl exited, and Izzy burst inside. As the door closed, Izzy danced frantically on the spot, gripping her crotch again. Almost the entire crotch of her jean shorts were wet. She was sure her panties were soaked. One hand reached up to unbutton her shorts, while the other absorbed yet another short spurt. With the button undone, Izzy moved to her zipper while bouncing frantically. She pulled hard… and broke the zipper. “Fuck! Why? I can’t hold it!!” She moaned, trying desperately to pull down the now bent zipper. “Ah! I can’t! Please! NOOOOOO!” Izzy wailed as the dam finally burst. A half day’s worth of pee thrashed out of her, right in front of the toilet she’d needed for so long. She sobbed as she let go of her crotch and her hold on her pee. Despite her sadness and anger, it felt better than anything she had ever experienced, finally feeling the release. Izzy moaned at the pleasure of emptying her bladder, not caring who heard at this point. After more than a minute, her flood reduced to a trickle, then a drip, then nothing at all.

Izzy cleaned herself up as best she could with the one-ply toilet paper from the outhouse, then shamefully exited past the line, catching plenty of looks but no comments or insults. She returned to the group’s festival site, Kevin and Toby still plenty drunk. She was petrified of what they would think, but was surprised when all she got from Kevin was a “Wow, you okay? Must be pretty drunk.” and nothing at all from Toby. Izzy suddenly realized that this was the perfect explanation for her little accident. She hadn’t been more than tipsy all day, but lying about this was better than admitting she couldn’t hold it and risk the ridicule. She went with the story, and changed into a pair of sweatpants she had brought for possible cold. The friends enjoyed the rest of the festival, but Izzy was more careful about her liquid consumption from that point forward.

The end

