Epilogue to "All Day at Hexside"

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2024-02-21 06:37

Chapter 7: Epilogue

Disclaimer: This epilogue is NOT canon compliant and contains smut. Chapter 6 leads nicely into Grom, this chapter ruins that. Readers' discretion is advised.

###

The moment they arrived at Amity's secret hideout in the library, there was an awkward silence. Amity decided to be bold and try something.

"So Luz, I noticed during class that you looked kinda excited to see me." Amity stated.

Luz's cheeks were dusted a bit pink before she responded, "I'm always excited to see you Amity!"

"Right, but this time, you seemed extra interested in all of my squirming." Amity said.

Luz's face turned even redder.

"You were staring at me while I was squirming around and holding my crotch... You liked seeing me desperate to pee, didn't you?" Amity asked.

"Well- I- uh- not like Boscha-" Luz stuttered.

"It's ok, I like it when you're interested cause I- I also got interested when I saw you desperate to pee." Amity admitted.

Luz couldn't help but blush harder at Amity's words.

"In fact-" Amity crossed her legs as she said this "-I kinda need to pee again." Amity suggestively placed a hand on her crotch and did an exaggerated squirming and potty dance.

Luz's eyes widened as she tried to process what was going on. She responded with "Well, the bathroom is outside the room, down the hall to the ri-"

"But Luz, do you want me to pee?" Amity asked.

There was a long pregnant pause as Luz stared at Amity for about a minute. She was very much entranced by her potty dance.

Then Amity whispered into her ear, "I think my bladder muscles have been weakened after what happened today, cause I have to pee badly Luz. But I won't pee unless you want me to," She tightened her hold as she said that.

Luz exhaled a breath that she didn't know she was holding. "I- I want you to hold it." Luz finally replied.

Amity smiled as she gripped her crotch tighter. She let out a whine before asking "how much longer?"

"I don't know." Luz replied. She was clearly enjoying the view.

Amity smiled at the effect she was having on Luz. For the past few nights, she's been fantasizing about this side of Luz and she's finally able to experience it.

"I'm thirsty Luz, can you grab my bottle from my bag and pour it down my throat? I'll let you decide how much I should drink." Amity replied. She had fully filled her water bottle at school before they left for the library.

Luz grabbed her water bottle and put it at Amity's mouth. She slowly tipped the water into her mouth. She did it slow enough so that Amity could swallow it properly, and also gave her breaks so she could breathe. But within the span of about 10 minutes, she got Amity to drink the entire 500 mL bottle. Luz loved hearing Amity's moans of desperation as the liquid entered her throat. She stared at the way her hand would grip her crotch to stave off the waves of desperation.

"Wow, you made me drink the entire bottle. Now what?" Amity asked. She was still squirming around.

"Let's watch a few episodes of the Azura TV series," Luz suggested.

"I would love that Luz," Amity replied.

Neither of them were really watching the CB. Luz was staring at Amity's motions. Amity was grabbing her crotch, squirming around, and rocking back and forth. And Amity enjoyed watching Luz's sultry face as she was watching her.

"I want you to sit on my lap," Luz stated.

Amity smiled and got up slowly, hand still jammed to crotch, so that she could sit on Luz. Luz opened up her legs and motioned for Amity to sit on her left thigh. Amity sat down, Luz's left thigh was in between Amity's two legs. Then, Luz hugged her, pulling her in closer so that she was closer to her core.

"Y- You can continue rocking back and forth now." Luz whispered in Amity's ear. She said it with so much desire in her voice it was driving Amity crazy.

So Amity started to rock back and forth on Luz's left thigh. Oh Titan I have to pee badly, Amity thought. She started grinding her crotch on Luz's thigh and it felt good. Amity let out a small moan and saw Luz looking at her with a devilish smile moments later.

Amity smiled back and whispered, "I have to pee so badly Luz." into her ear.

"I'm enjoying this so much Amity, I would like you to continue holding." Luz replied.

Amity smiled back at Luz, "Ok, I will hold it, just for you." Amity added a wink at the end. She was happy to see Luz blush in response.

A wave of desperation washed over Amity as she heard the sound of a waterfall from the CB. It was some Azura was doing some river side fight scene, but neither girls were really paying attention. Both of them enjoyed this a more than they enjoyed Azura.

Amity instinctively clamped her legs together, forgetting that Luz's thigh was in the way. Her sphincter quivered at being unable to close her legs. "Ooooh!" Amity moaned. She was pressing her crotch down hard onto Luz. Luz felt the pressure of Amity's squeezing, both from trying to clamp her legs together, and from her pressing her crotch down so hard. She was rocking back and forth rhythmically. She smiled while she imagined that the pressure that Amity was currently exerting onto her thigh was proportional to how badly she had to pee. And judging by how much pressure Amity was exerting, she had to pee really reeeeally badly.

Naturally, with Luz's thigh in the way, Amity's legs were forced to spread apart to a certain degree. "I don't know how much longer I can hold it Luz." Amity stated. "I can feel my peehole throbbing and it feels like my pee is right on the edgggge." Amity whined.

"Don't go Amity, not yet. I'll let you go soon, but I want you to be strong and hold it just a little bit longer" Luz requested.

Luz heard Amity continue to moan as she continued to increase the pressure. She clamped her legs around Luz's thigh even harder, and she was grinding down her crotch with so much force and friction now. She was squeezing her legs tighter and tighter that Luz began to feel some pins and needles in her leg.

"Amity, you can pee now." Luz stated.

Amity let out a big moan right before hissing could be heard. Seconds later, Luz felt a warm liquid spread on her pants. Right, she forgot they were still in their school uniforms. Luz relished the feeling of the warm liquid spreading out from her thigh. Some of the liquid started to spread to her own crotch too, which was already wet and sticky, but not from pee.

"Ahhhhhhh", a big sigh of relief came out of Amity's mouth as she was voiding her bladder onto Luz.

The pee that was gushing out of Amity felt like a mini jacuzzi jet spraying directly on Luz's thigh. Luz whimpered in ecstasy as she felt Amity's warm pee fall down the leg of her pants. She was initially embarrassed by the squeak her mouth made, but then she noticed the smirk on Amity's face as she stared at her and decided that she was ok with expressing herself like this.

The warm liquid pooled on the chair that she was sitting in, soaking her bum, until the puddle reached the edge of the chair. It began as a dribbling, pitter-patter sound as it formed a puddle on the floor too.

Feeling Amity's warm pee all over her legs, bum, and crotch area was giving Luz all sorts of feelings. She looked at Amity's face and saw how much she was enjoying it too. Her face was so close, she leaned slight forward. Amity saw Luz's face too, and she closed what little distance was left between them and gave her a kiss. And Luz kissed back. And they started passionately kissing each other. They were sucking each other's mouth with so much desire.

Eventually, Amity's stream died down. The source of warmth on Luz's pants started to cool down, and then it got cold.

"Oh gosh, we made quite a mess." Luz said once she finally took a look around and processed what just happened.

Amity giggled and replied with "I don't care, let's just enjoy the moment now and deal with the consequences later."

Luz looked at Amity with a smile and replied, "I never thought I'd hear those words come out of your mouth little miss perfect."

Both girls giggled and then continued to kiss again, not worrying about what would happen next.

THE END

###

A/N: Surprise! I decided to add an epilogue chapter to "All Day at Hexside". This one is based off of the smut scene from Satyr's "All Day" fic. I decided to make a separate post for this one, because I want the original "All Day at Hexside" to be a plausibly canon complaint story that takes place between "Understanding Willow" and "Enchanting Grom Fright". But Satyr's smut scene was too good not to write a Lumity parody of, so I decided to make one and post it as a separate topic instead. Hope you enjoyed it anyways if you decided to read this!

Thank you to mourn365 for beta reading this fic!

