Lapis and Amethyst: Just Stand Still Until She Leaves

Author: gdubs

*000*2023-08-23 02:10

It didn’t happen that often, but whenever Lapis had to pee she would always just do it outside somewhere near the barn, where there was basically no chance of anyone seeing her. But today, she thought, was a perfect chance to try it out, well, somewhere else. She had been at Steven’s house for a while now to hang out with him, and now that he had left she seemed to be the only one there. As far as Lapis knew, Steven was the only one who ever used the bathroom or even went in there, and he had just said he’d be gone for the rest of the afternoon. Now she had the bathroom all to herself and could pee there in complete privacy, and right now she definitely had to pee.

She closed the door and immediately went over to the toilet. Just as she was about to pull down her skirt she paused, becoming much more aware of the liquid in her bladder now that she was delaying letting it out. No, wait, while I’m here… She carefully stepped into the bathtub. Peeing standing up in the shower just seemed less normal than doing it in the toilet, it just felt… more fun. With her legs together, she slowly lifted up her knee-length skirt with both hands, and then took one step to spread her legs apart.

She realized that she might get some pee on her feet this way, but she could always just wash off in the shower afterwards. In this position Lapis realized how much she had to pee, since she could just let it out right now. She also realized that she was shaking, not just because of her need to go, but also because she was nervous; for some reason, what she was doing just didn’t feel quite right. It’s fine, she thought to herself. No one can hear me, no one is even home. No one will know. With her legs still spread apart she began to relax her bladder, but for a second nothing came out, probably because she was still a little nervous.

Right as the first drops escaped her, the bathroom door swung open with a slam, and Amethyst burst into the small room with an alarming amount of speed. Lapis instantly let her skirt fall back down, folded her hands in front of her, and moved her legs back together, now with an ache running through her from stopping her pee right as it started. Other than that, Lapis was frozen, half from surprise, half from the panic of her mind racing.

Oh no no no no! Come on, why now? Why now? Just when I was about to… This was the one thing she had feared the most, someone catching her doing this in the act. Then they’d start asking all sorts of questions. What was she doing here? Why did it look like she was about to start peeing? Why was she doing it standing in the shower? Why was she doing it in the house? Then everyone would start to be wary of her and treat her differently, and eventually they’d lose all trust in her. This was Amethyst, but she’d still definitely tell the others, and it was clear she was about to start asking questions.

“Um, what are you doing?” Amethyst asked, her voice a little shaky. The short purple gem was leaning against the door with one hand, and she had the other gripping the area between her legs through her dark-colored leggings. She was standing on one foot, with the other fidgeting up and down behind her. Before Amethyst got an answer, she continued, “Are you about to pee? Because I kinda really have to pee,” speeding up a little as she finished the sentence. She shuffled her feet and started fidgeting with the other one now, her whole body slightly bouncing up and down, and her thighs squeezed together.

It took Lapis a second to come up with an answer. “Uh, no, no I’m not.” She was of course, but she wasn’t about to admit that to Amethyst. All she could do was stand still, painfully aware of the liquid in her bladder. Clearly Amethyst was about to pee herself too, and Lapis realized she would have no choice but to stand there in agony and watch it.

“Ohthankgodthankgod!” Amethyst said breathlessly, and instantly began to shuffle over to the toilet. With one hand still squeezing her crotch she fumbled with her other to try to pull down her leggings. But she couldn’t get them down far enough to start peeing with her hand still in the way, clearly trying to prevent any more pee from spilling out. Even then, a few drops flew out of Amethyst’s crotch and made a visible stain on the inside of her pants.

As Lapis watched this unfold, she thought of her own predicament, of how that could happen to her any second, and how it would feel. She thought of the feeling of pee slowly trickling out of her urethra and down her legs, some of it soaking into her skirt along the way. She imagined all of the pee she was holding bursting out of her at once, the amazing feeling of the pressure in her bladder being relieved, and how that would feel. She suddenly cut that thought short, No! I can’t think about that! She realized that thinking about peeing herself would probably lead to actually peeing herself, and she couldn’t allow that to happen, definitely not with Amethyst right here.

Amethyst finally removed her other hand from her crotch, and before she could even sit down on the toilet, a jet of pee began to spray out of her and missed the toilet entirely. She quickly sat down, legs now spread wide apart, and directed the torrent shooting out of her into the toilet; it hit the water so violently that it caused a few more droplets to fly out. Amethyst had been breathing heavily, and now she started to slow down and let out long sighs. She leaned back, and kept her legs apart enough to show the fire hose of pee gushing out. “Ohhhhh my goooooddddd, I was literally about to piss all over the floooooorrrrr,” she panted, her face now seeming more relaxed too.

Lapis bit her lip and watched and listened to the roar of the pee hitting the water and splashing around. Yeah, I’m about to pee all over the floor too, she thought. Lapis didn’t dare move her legs for fear of letting her own pee out, but that meant her only other option was to stand here, subtly hold her crotch, and watch and listen to Amethyst let out the biggest and most satisfying pee she had ever seen, until she ended up peeing on the floor herself. But she just couldn’t take her eyes off Amethyst, and couldn’t stop imagining how good the relief she was feeling had to be. She suddenly felt some warmth between her legs, and really hoped Amethyst would be done soon.

Amethyst broke the otherwise silence, “Man, it just feels sooooo gooood to let it all out aaaallll at once.” She looked at Lapis. “Especially when you’re holding a lot in. I was actually holding it since yesterday.” She put a hint of humor into her voice, “I almost didn’t make it. When I saw you standing there I honestly started peeing a little right there.”

Lapis turned her eyes away and didn’t say anything. This was not helping, and she started wishing harder that Amethyst would just hurry up and finish peeing so she could go. She felt a couple more warm drops run down her legs and started to wonder how much longer she could keep this up.

“So what are you doing in here? You sure you don’t have to pee?” Amethyst asked, her pee stream still going strong.

What? Was Amethyst reading her mind? Was she really being that obvious? Her eyes darted down to her hands still pressed into her skirt and her crotch. She suddenly became aware of a few drops’ worth of pee soaking into the blue fabric.

Meanwhile, Amethyst showed no signs of stopping peeing. The purple gem said “Sometimes it’s harder to hold it when you’re thinking about it really hard, but I think that makes it more fun.”

Lapis could tell that thinking about it made holding harder, and now she couldn’t stop. She couldn’t stop imagining all the warm pee rushing down her legs and splashing onto the bathtub floor and all over her bare feet. She imagined all the pain shooting through her bladder being replaced with emptiness and relief, and how Amethyst would react. She could act all excited, or she might be really put off, “What the fuck? Why are you peeing in the bathtub? You don’t do that.” Or she might be as shocked and embarrassed as Lapis was. Either way, the thoughts kept sloshing around Lapis’ mind and she couldn’t stop wondering what would happen when—no, if—she peed herself.

“I’m—I’m doing nothing…I don’t have to pee,” Lapis said weakly. She started wiggling her toes in place, and tried to squeeze her legs together harder. Hopefully Amethyst couldn't pick up on that too.

“Okay sure, but you’re gonna have to wait until I’m done,” Amethyst replied smugly, still sitting in the same pose on the toilet and still peeing. “I’ve been seeing how long I can hold it, and this might be a new record.”

Come to think of it, how long had Amethyst been peeing? Lapis thought, How much longer is she gonna take? Am I really gonna pee myself while she’s still on the toilet? The pain in her bladder hadn’t gotten better, in fact it had gotten much worse. Her bladder was screaming at her to just go over there and start peeing in the toilet too, no not even that, she could just spread her legs right here and let everything out. She desperately wanted to fidget or squirm or do anything to help her hold it, but all she did was bend over slightly and try to squeeze her legs together even tighter. It didn’t help, and another short spurt leaked out of her and ran down her legs. I just have to stand still until she leaves. I just have to stand here. She just has to leave soon. She just has to leave…

After what had to have been well over a full minute, the sound of Amethyst’s pee finally started to down as she let out one last shaky sigh. Lazily, she grabbed some toilet paper to wipe herself. Then, she stood up and seemed to take her time pulling up her pants and feeling the dampness around her crotch, probably seeing how much she leaked before her almost-accident.

“Sorry you had to see that,” Amethyst said casually, without even looking up. And then she looked into Lapis’ eyes and added with a smile, “Or did you actually like watching me almost pee my pants?”

Lapis didn’t know how to respond to that. With her lips pressed together and teeth clenched, she could just think to herself, Come on! Come on! Just get out! Just— But she never finished that thought. Just then she felt a new wave of urgency in her bladder, along with another long trickle of pee escaping it. Lapis now knew that she was about to burst, and she had no time to wait. Oh my god oh my god no no no no nononononono! Suddenly she dug her hands into her skirt and tried to squeeze her crotch as much as she could, and she immediately took a step to try to leave the bathroom, and go anywhere else where Amethyst couldn’t see her.

As soon as she took the first step out of the bathtub she was met with a flood soaking through her fingers and her skirt as all the contents of her bladder spilled out between her legs and onto the floor. Some of the pee hit her legs on the way down, and Lapis felt even more warmth running down her legs and feet. Some of it sprayed onto her skirt, getting the front and back of it a bit more wet. The rest of it splashed onto the floor and hit the tiles with a splatter. After a couple of seconds, Lapis removed her hands and let go fully, just glad that the pain and pressure in her abdomen were gone. The warmth of the pee on her legs, the sound of it splashing down, and the emptiness inside her were even better than she imagined. But she couldn’t feel happy. Amethyst was still standing right there, staring at her.

“Duuuuudee! I knew you had to pee, that’s crazy!” Amethyst said with a laugh. “You were actually trying to hold it all in just standing there? That’s soo good!”

“I—I was trying to wait until you—until you left…” Lapis managed to say, her voice cracking. The pee stream slowed to a trickle and then stopped. Lapis shivered as she sat down on the side of the bathtub. Her feet and the back of her skirt were still wet, but she barely noticed that now. This was it. She had not only just peed all over the floor, but in front of another gem, and in Steven’s house. She just felt numb, and just wanted to lie down. Why did I do that? Why am I so stupid? What was I thinking? Now my life is over and I’m never gonna be able to show my face here again… Her chest felt tight and she started to hyperventilate. Then she felt tears welling up in her eyes.

“You—wait, hold on, are you…” Amethyst asked. “I don’t mind—I mean—It’s ok. You’re not in trouble or anything” She sat down on the edge of the bathtub next to Lapis, seemingly not bothered by all the wetness. “It doesn’t matter if you peed yourself, it’s happened to me before. I don’t hate you or anything, and it’s not like I’m gonna tell anyone or anything, seriously” She paused for a long moment and added gently, “And I’m sorry if I made you feel weird.”

Lapis felt another wave of relief even wash over her, even more satisfying than letting out all the pee she was holding. Now she felt even more stupid. Of course Amethyst was just trying to have fun, of course she wasn’t mad at her, and of course she had just imagined the worst possible outcome for everything. She looked at Amethyst and smiled weakly. “Yeah, thanks. I guess I just,” she sighed “wanted to try something out, and I guess I messed it up like always.”

“Dude, you’re fine,” Amethyst chimed in with a casual tone of voice. “There’s nothing wrong with trying stuff like that out. I know what it’s like.”

“Alright, sure you do” Lapis said, some energy and sarcasm returning to her voice. “Now can you actually get out so I can take a shower?”

Once Amethyst left, Lapis kept sitting on the edge of the bathtub for another minute. She tapped her foot lightly in the puddle of pee still on the floor, and thought about how much grief it had brought her, or rather, how much she had caused herself. She sighed again and collected herself before standing up and starting to take off her skirt and top to take a shower.

