Eli's bursting school day

Author: Green sigma

*000*2024-12-22 09:36

Good day to all in the Omorashi community. It's been awhile since my last fiction story about female desperation. You know I love a good build up followed by a big wetting all over the female and the floor. Very rarely do I write a story but partial wetting or just making it to the toilet. This one is another school girl dilemma situation, but I admit it does have some political and socially charged stuff. This isn't to create divide in the community, but only for the story at large. Please don't take it seriously as it is just a story. Nothing more.

This story is about continuing where I left off with my female character Elissandra Alderidge from Bursting Return. Please see that story on the pee fiction section of this site. The story picks up a week after her return home from a debaucherous party and trying to do so without getting caught. Sadly, her mother finds out thanks to her brother Brady and it's all bad news from there. This sequel pick up from there a 6 days later while at school. Fyi, Eli is a high school senior about to graduate from her school.

It is similar to Bursting School Day Bladders, but the character Elissandra is the primary character with the dilemma. Please note to self, this is a very long story and I do apologize to the reader. But it is this long for detailed desperation. It is a little outlandish but again it's fiction. It can't be entirely in reality but it does have a certain logic to it. Again, it does have political and socially charged stuff in the story and hopefully, it doesn't have anything that's in violation of the site rules.

After reading, please leave any comments for constructive criticism. Also, be nice and respectful about it and honest too. There's no need to curse or use abusive language. The ending portion of her desperation at school is supposed to be akin to the video about a student peeing in class deliberately, as per this link: https://www.xvideos.com/video.hmbfakma05c/japanese_girl_peeing_in_the_middle_of_class

I do see the issue with not yet posting the story. But I am finishing it up. I will be posting the story as an attachment from my notepad app. There will be pictures too.

*001*2025-01-05 10:47

Some more posts in regards to the story:

%https://thisvid.com/videos/realistic-school-girl-desperation-pee-panties-skirt/

%https://noodlemagazine.com/watch/223125561_170624559

%https://amp.xhamster.com/videos/japanese-wetting-12760123

$/58211-request-full-vid-of-japanese-girl-desperate-during-photoshoot/?do=embed" I do apologize for not posting the story yet. It will come soon.

*003*2025-01-07 13:00

{{On 1/5/2025 at 11:06 AM, Binu said:

Man also upload it in archive of your own or somether site like deviantart just to keep it saved in case

}}

Understood. I do apologize for the lengthy time it's taking to finish this story. Thanks for your patience.

