Dragon Ball Omorashi: New Lost Stories - Videl's Wild Desperation

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2020-01-03 02:28

During the times of peace after the defeat of Cell, our heroic Gohan was in High School trying to live a Double Life as a Regular Boy & as the Great Saiyaman, Videl was called into action yet again to fight off Criminal Adversaries so she left the Class Room until.....

*Man in Videl's Intercom Watch*: Hurry Videl, a woman is being strongly tied up by a Big Brute along with 2 Ladies who are holding guns towards the woman's head for ransom!

Videl *running*: Don't worry chief I'm on my way to the scene hopefully nothing will come--

(See's Great Saiyaman flying towards the Scene)

Videl: Ugh, it's that guy again! *opens her Flying Vehicle from the Dyno-Cap* I'll be the one who will get there first before he does! *Starts flying her vehicle*

*From Far Distance* Great Saiyaman: I must get there before anyone gets hurt especially that Videl girl, hmm *looks back* it looks like she is trying to catch up before I do

Videl *squirming*: Mmm...uhh... *covers her groin area with her hand* dammit why didn't I go to the restroom earlier before I darted out of the classroom!

*From Far Distance* Great Saiyaman: Hmm? It appears she is slowing down, I wonder why?

Videl *squirming like crazy with one hand down covering her groin area*: Mmm...ugh...hmm...hehehe I don't think I'm gonna make it, not gonna lie but I kinda wanna wet myself rather than stopping by at a restroom...

Great Saiyaman: *Flies towards Videl* Umm are you okay Videl?

Videl *embarrassed/squirming*: Not really, um hey Great Saiya-Guy I'll let you handle the Crime Scene mmm-ugh-tell them I wasn't able to make it & that something--uh hehehe-came up PLEASE!

Great Saiyaman: Sure thing, I'm on it *Flies towards the Crime Scene*

(Videl lands her Flying Vehicle)

Videl *now sexually tension aroused*: Oh my lady part feels nice just by rubbing it on the--mmm aw mmm aw--outside... I'm gonna--I'm gonna wet myself

Videl *embarrassed/squirming/aroused*: Aw-aw-aw I'm gonna pee, I'm gonna wet my black shorts, I'mma 'bout to, I'mma 'bout to *bursts urine through her Black Shorts & screams* AAWWW!!!

Videl: *continues peeing in her Black Shorts in a Relaxed State* Aw... that felt nice.... I didn't know what came over me... hehehehe *stops wetting herself*

Videl: Ah crap I got the Console in my Vehicle all wet! Oh well luckily I got a spare in my pocket but first I should go clean up & change my clothes then return to school.

(See's Great Saiyaman heading out from the Crime Scene)

Videl: What do you know he finished the job for me, this time I won't be mad at him but myself but I'll still be trying to figure out who he is.

$$

