General Amphibia Stories

Author: Goober57

*000*2022-11-15 09:47

I’ve decided to start a new topic for general Amphibia omo here. Feel free to give suggestions or add your own stuff! This specific story takes place at the end of All In, so spoilers for that. This is the end of the author’s note.

Trying To Get It “All In” The Toilet

Marcy Wu has finally been freed from The Core. The problem is she hasn’t emptied her bladder in weeks.

About a month ago, Marcy was trapped in the Core, turning her into a vessel for the greatest minds of Amphibia. And while those minds plotted, drinking gallons of liquid, none of them thought to void the bladder of their vessel. And now she has been freed. “Anne? Sasha?” She mutters in a delirious state. After a few minutes of being held in the warm embrace of a hug, she becomes aware of her surroundings (and her bladder.) “Girls! I am so sorry. I was just so scared of losing you and I-“

“It’s okay,” Sasha interrupts, “All that matters is that you’re safe.”

“Are you okay?” Anne asks, “How do you feel?”

“I feel fine, but I REALLY have to pee!” Anne and Sasha laugh for a second, before realizing that she’s completely serious. Her legs are tightly crossed, and she’s squirming with her hands jammed between her legs. She can’t hold it much longer. A month of drinks catches up to you quickly. “Well,” Anne says, “do you think you can make it to a bathroom? “Maybe…” And so they set off. Anne goes with Marcy to make sure that she doesn’t pass out from the shock of being unconscious for a month.

Now that she thinks about it, Anne hasn’t had the chance to use the toilet all day. She didn’t have time to use the bathroom before they left on their mission, and it was a long flight to Newtopia. Not to mention going back to LA and fighting Andrias. “I can hold it,” Anne thinks to herself. After ten minutes of searching, they still couldn’t find a toilet. Marcy’s too delirious to remember where the bathrooms are in the castle, and Anne’s never been here before.

Marcy is now barely hanging on, and Anne is getting squirmy. After what feels like hours, they finally find a bathroom. Marcy leaks a bit at the sight of a toilet. She walks into the room, potty dancing like never before. She’s just about to sit down and let out the gallons of pee in her bladder, when she remembers something: the armor that the Core had made for its vessel. She can’t get it off. After all this time, the sweet relief that she so desperately needs is right in front of her, yet she can’t obtain it. She was so close. She falls to her knees and wets herself. “No…” she sighs. After seven whole minutes of forcefully peeing, her stream slows down. The feeling she has is both immense relief and immense embarrassment.

Anne is standing outside the bathroom door, squirming with her legs crossed, waiting for Marcy to get done. “Hey Marce! Are you done in there yet?”

“Kinda…”

“Well I gotta go, so hurry up!” After a few minutes of coming to grips with what just happened, Marcy tried to clean the stains on the floor, and realized that with nowhere to go, some of her pee got trapped inside her armor, meaning she had to walk around in her own urine. She cleaned herself up enough to the point where it wasn’t outright obvious that she peed herself, but you could still tell. As she steps out of the bathroom, Anne rushes in immediately. She’s already leaked a little bit, just enough to form a noticeable stain on her skirt. Her relief wasn’t as much as Marcy’s, but you could still hear her sighs (and pee stream) from in the hallway. While it’s not quite enough to override the embarrassment, Marcy still thinks it’s pretty hot, and she can’t stop herself from putting an ear up to the door.

When Anne gets done, she goes out in the hall to meet back up with Marcy. “Hey, I'm glad you’re back,” Anne tells Marcy. “It’s good to be back!”

“Hey, I know you peed yourself in there.”

“What?! How’d you know?”

“I heard your little ‘No…’. You do that every time you wet yourself.”

“Yeah, promise you won’t tell anyone.”

“I promise… it was pretty cute though.”

“Anne, stop it!” They continued joking around on their way back to the main room. “We’re back!” Says Anne as they walk into the room. “What a relief!” Marcy adds, “A month of being possessed really makes you desperate!” After a bit of laughter, they go to the balcony to tell everyone that Amphibia has been freed.

And as they gaze out upon the newly freed world, one thing stands out: the moon is getting closer.

