The new job

Author: Guest Noodle

*000*2017-09-11 21:34

I didn't think this piece of work was going anywhere so I am not going to continue it.

I stepped into the interview room, nervous. “So why do you want to work at our shop Mia?” Asked the man opposite me. His black hair was slicked back and he wore a posh suit. I felt very messy as I had thrown my brown waist length hair into a messy bun and thrown on jeans and an oversized jumper. “I like shopping so working at a shop would be fun I also need money” I replied

“Your hired, make sure to read all the terms and conditions before you sign this contract”

“Ok” I skimmed through it and signed right away barely reading any of the small print or any details.

“Ok, Mia please go outside and meet Lennie he will guide you from here, by the way the name is Boss”

“Thanks Boss” I replied and walked to the door he gestured to. A tall guy with misty grey eyes and scruffy puppy like brown hair was standing outside the door. “Hi I am Lennie” he said stiffly “Were you hired”

“Yes” I replied

“Follow me”

We walked to a room, labelled uniform room. He opened the door and called “MELISSA.” A lady who seemed to be in her late forties scurried over and her large green eyes scanned me disapprovingly. Her stare reminded me of my Aunt’s cat, Twinkie who had always tried to attack me. “Come with me ya newbie” she hissed and I left Lennie’s side and followed her deeper into the room. I heard Lennie walk away and shut the door behind him. Now I followed a slightly hunch backed greying brunette through racks of burgundy tracksuit and white t shirts. I told her my size and (as she watched me creepily) I changed into a white shirt and vivid red tracksuit bottoms and top.

“Fix ya hair into a pony then head to the grey doors at da end of da hallway” she said before disappearing into the maze of clothes. After winding my way out I felt a small but bearable pressure in my bladder but did not concern myself with it. I reached the door and pushed through and found Lennie waiting there. We were in a large room full of boxes. “Sort the boxes into their categories there are three categories. Pile them up like that” he pointed to a large neat stack in the corner.

“You will have to do it manually as the machines stopped working. As written on your contract you cannot leave until you are done” finished Lennie and left me there. I began to stack but after only a few boxes my arms ached and the urge to pee had come back at the worst time. Squeezing my legs together while walking became hard and time consuming. I felt a warm spurt escape but I managed to quickly jam my hand up my crotch to stop the flow. 3 hours later I was barely halfway and now I was walking very slowly in a peculiar wobbling fashion as any wrong move and I would relieve myself in my underwear. Lennie came to check on my progress and smirked as he saw her on the verge of relieving herself. “Open your legs” he ordered.

“Please Lennie…”

“It's MR Lennie”

“Please Mr Lennie”

“Stand with your legs shoulder width apart or you are breaking the contract”

“But”

“I can get the evidence and you will be fired without pay”

I grimaced I did not want my hard work to go to waste so I reluctantly opened my shaking legs shoulder width apart, My bladder felt numb from holding and at that point I couldn't tell whether I was peeing or not but I heard hissing and liquid splattering against the cement below me. I watched as a dark patch emerged and expanded across the fabric covering my lower half.

“Carry on” said Lennie and left closing the door behind him. As I took a step forward I felt a horrible squelch in my shoes but I carried on. With nothing holding me back I finished stacking the boxes in two hours in soaking undergarments. Lennie returned and told me to follow him. I did but felt humiliated as people pointed and sniggered. Lennie took me to my dorm. I was to share it with three other girl co workers.

When I reached the dorm he handed me a bag with spare uniform, told me my personal belongings from home had arrived. He left and I entered with my new key. It lead into a small but decent sized Kitchen with a fridge, freezer, oven, microwave, storage and minimal counter space. Going through the next door led to the sitting room where the stairs were situated. Tired and in need of a shower Mia found her room and entered to find three girls perched on her bed who all looked very mature. “Hi potty pants I’m Alice” she waves mockingly and flicked her long golden hair. “I’m her twin Jen” said the blonde beside her, they looked identical.

“Emily but call me Em” said the last girl .Her hair was dyed vivid red and freckles were sprinkled across her whole face. She had bulky shoulders, no one I wanted to mess with I thought. “Thanks for greeting me” I muttered staring at the wall behind them as I was nervous to make eye contact. “We can chat more tomorrow Potty” said Alice with a smirk before leaving with the other two girls. I had a shower which not only got rid of the smell of urine but also soothed my aching arms and legs. After changing I lay down to sleep without an alarm as the next day was Saturday. I woke up and felt a wet feeling in my lower half and the smell of urine was wafting from below. I had peed myself, again. It took me a moment for me to realise as the last time I had the wet the bed was at 5 years old. I quickly cleaned myself up and the sheets and went to a doctor.

I was wetting the bed without waking up, something was wrong. I slipped out quietly avoiding anyone and took a bus to my GP who luckily had a free slot so I could have an appointment. As soon as I went in I told Dr Reese about what had happened that morning. Then she asked me if I had held my urine in for a long period of time. I told her that I had and then she told me what was wrong. “Excessive holding decreases a person’s ability to hold in their urine, luckily in your case it is not severe and it will last at the most a year. I recommend wearing Adult pull ups to bed unless you wish to be washing sheets every morning said” Dr Reese. I stared at her in disbelief as she handed me pull ups that would last me about six weeks. I left and entered the dorm to find Alice eating cornflakes in the kitchen. She stared at my bulging bag suspiciously. “What’s in there?”

“Nothing” I replied avoided her piercing blue eyed gaze. Before I could stop her she had seized my bag and the contents fell to the floor as I tried to resist. I felt my face flush red as I tried to gather the packets of pull ups quickly. “Jen, Em our new comrade wears pull ups” shouted Alice and her friends came thundering down the stairs with curiosity before gaping at the pull up packets I was trying to conceal “No wonder her sheets were drying outside this morning” chortled Jen. Em sniggered and walked forward before picking up and examining one of the stray packets still on the floor.

She ripped open the packet and handed me a pull up “Try it on” she ordered her deep husky voice echoing through the room. I refused but 3 against 1 caused me to lose ending up with me sitting in a pull up while Alice forced drugged water down my throat, soon I felt urine building up. My weakened bladder was hard to control and within a minute I was releasing a loud hot stream into the pull up. I realised Alice had whipped her phone out and had been videoing the whole scenario but all I could do was turn my reddening face away in shame.

