Teacher Please - Page 2

Author: Guest cherry65

*028*2019-01-16 18:18

Thank you everyone! I will try and break it up better, I write these on my cellphone so everything is different when I paste it in the text box. Hopefully you’re enjoying the story! Will be uploading a new page soon.

*031*2019-01-16 20:48

Page 8

Scarlett pulled her hips against his, brining them closer together. She was the sexiest person he had ever met, he couldnt help but feed into her lust when he kissed her back. Just then his phone rang, he pulled it out of his pocket revealing tons of missed texts from Mrs Bradley. He sighed heavily when he saw it was her and Sarlett pulled away “It’s okay.. go talk to her.” He nodded apologetically “ill just be a few minutes.” He then headed down the path quickly to answer his phone. Scarlett stumbled the other way and kept looking at the stars “Scarlett there you are! Where the hell did you run off to?” Emely rushed up to her and gave her a hug. Scarlett hugged back “I’m sorry I’m pretty sure I drank too much.” She giggled. Scarlett had forgot about her friend and the other boys, but thankfully Emely was alone. “We should get you home.” Emely said to her pulling her back towards the streets “oh alright.” Scarlett let herself be guided otherwise she might not make it home at all.

Mr Bradley returned but Scarlett was no where to be found. He looked for her but it was hard for him to be discreet and to not give himself away. After all he didnt want to draw attention to himself while he looked for the drunken teenage girl in the middle of the night. After finding no luck he decided to walk down her street, it wasn’t too far from his own. When he passed her house he could see a single window lit up. He came closer and he could see her inside, he thought about going up to the house but decided against it. Now that he knew she was alright he could go home, not that he wanted to. He entered quietly through the front door and found that all the lights were off and his wife had gone to sleep. He was relieved to have avoided the argument, he hoped she wouldnt wake when he crept into bed. He fell asleep dreaming sweet dreams about Scarlett.

The next morning he left early to once again dodge his wife. He got a large coffee on his way to the school, we was exhausted from the night before but it was worth it. He sat at his desk sipping his coffee, the halls were still quiet and few people had arrived. As he went through his emails he saw a chaperone request for a trip the art class was taking. He opened the attachment and of course there was Scarlett’s name scribbled on the participants list in red ink. He got excited, if he went on this trip he could spend a couple days with her without anyone batting an eye. His enthusiasm sank however when he saw it was a five hour drive away. Most days he could barely make it thought the afternoon nevermind a 5 hour bus ride surrounded by students, parents, and other teachers. The trip was still a couple weeks away, he’d have some time to decide wether his bladder could make the trip.

Scarlett was having a rough morning, thankfully her mother had left for work already. She lied on the bathroom floor watching the ceiling spin “why do I do this to myself?” She asked herself out loud. She held onto the sink to make the world stop spinning as she pulled her hair back into a messy bun. She smiled when she remembered her encounter with Mr Bradley last night. She felt bad when she remembered she had forgetten him there last night. She had been so out of it the world was spinning at the speed of light and she forgot her secret lover out in the woods. “Fuck...” she swore staring at herself in the mirror. She brushed her teeth to disolve the smell of the alcohol that still burned with every breath. Once she was ready she headed out the door to walk to school. She decided to stop at a convenience store for some gravol on her way to school. She spotted something interesting that caught her attention.

The coffee helped him stay awake but did little to help his poor bladder. Mr Bradley prayed the clock would move quicker so he could make it to the washroom. He sat at his desk and gritted his teeth holding himself under his desk. The freshman student wrote away in their notebooks working tirelessly on the assignment. He would have been proud if he wasnt completely focused on not pissing himself. He tried not to rock back and fourth too noticeably then he glanced at the clock 15 minutes left. He tried his best but he lost a spurt of pee into his boxers. His face when white he held on tighter with his hand but he lost another spurt.

“Okay everyone I am dismissing you early for working so hard today!” He spoke quickly not moving from his desk. The students were pleased to say the least and cleared out very quickly. Mr Bradley was not far behind them, he made his way to the washroom through the empty halls. Practically running in he barely made it, once again on the verge of an accidnent. He leaned on the stall and sighed in relief, his underwear was wet but it had not soaked through his black jeans. He was pleased he hadnt made a fool out of himself especially infront of the younger students. He washed his hands quickly and darted out of the washroom to make if back to class.

“Jim! Aren’t you supposed to be teaching a class?” A deep voice called to him. He turned to see the principal standing there with a cold look on his face. Mr Bradley swallowed hard “I let the students go early they’ve been working so hard..” he tried to explain. “You let the students leave early first block?” He raised his brow. “Yes.. I just had to run to the washroom quickly.” He tried his best to keep his voice from shaking. The principal was a scary man, maybe it came with the position.. either way Mr Bradley did not want to be on his bad side. “You know Jim if you can’t make it through a single class maybe we should get you an EA to supervise your class.” He suggested. Mr Bradley perked up “Yeah that would help out a lot actually.” The principal nodded “Well then we just need a doctors note from you and you can request an EA.”

He patted him on the back. “A doctors note?” He repeated. “Well Jim if you cant hold yourself through 75 minute classes we need an explanation.” He smiled arrogantly. “Well I don’t see that necessary... thank you for the option.” He blushed as he declined. He wasnt about to reveal to everyone the details of his incontinence. He was embarrassed enough as it is. He headed back to class dejected, he felt like everyone who knew treated him like a toddler... except Scarlett.

He entered back into his empty classroom and opened his laptop. There was a note left on the keyboard he unfolded it quickly and it read “I’m going to make your life a little easier. Check out spot.” He smiled, he would have been confused if it wasnt written in red ink. He glanced at the clock quickly, he had enough time to take a peak into the old office. He moved the shelf swiftly and opened the door, he hadnt been in there since the last time Scarlett had fucked him senseless. He peered in and saw a pack on diapers on the desk. Just then the bell rang.

$$

*032*2019-01-16 21:03

{{16 minutes ago, Bow2me said: 

Please do another

I think you should make it where Scarlett comes to school a bit drunk after breaking up with Jake and is late to school again and has to beg Mr Bradley to use the bathroom during class

}}

I am going to introduce more situations where Mr Bradley takes control. hope this helps!

*034*2019-01-17 17:06

Page 9

Scarlett sat in the grass outside the school nibbling on a granola bar from her purse. The sun was blocked when Jake stood infront of her “Where have you been?” He demanded. She didnt stand from where she sat, she just shrugged. “Scarlett talk to me...” he sat beside her and wrapped him arm around her. “Baby whats wrong.” He pouted. She shook him off “You’re whats wrong! I’m done with this Jake leave me alone.” She stood to walk away but he grabbed her wrist. “What has gotten into you lately? You’re not yourself anymore.” He said coldly. “Maybe I’m more myself than I’ve ever been... Jake it’s been over for a long time.. just leave me alone.” She broke free from his grasp and went into the school. Jake ran off and didnt come back to school that day. Scarlett was hungover and fed up with his shit she felt free as she walked down the halls.

While in art class the teacher announced that Mr Bradley would be joining them on their field trip to the art gallery. Scarlett smiled to herself, he never volunteered to come on out of town trips ever. She knew he did it for her which made her heart was full because she knew how much she meant to him. That day she painted the most beautiful red roses before the bell rang for fourth period. She skipped happy along to Mr Bradleys class she was excited he was going to accompany them on the trip. She hoped he had found the gift she had brought him. She was the first student in his class, which meant they could be alone briefly. She approched his desk with a smile “did you find my surprise?” She asked with a wink. “They fit” he couldnt help but blush when he admitted to already be wearing one. “Do they work?” She asked curiously. “I don’t know yet..” he whispered sheepishly. Other students started entered the class “I’ll be waiting.” Was the last thing she said before taking her seat.

He watched her walk away, her tight ass perfectly sculpted by her short skirt. He had to look away though he didnt want to be obvious. He wish he taught more subjects just so he could see her every block of the day. He thought maybe one day they could run away together.. he could dream right? Now that he had protection he would be able to go on the art trip. If he hadn’t developed such a strong attraction for Scarlett there would be no way in hell he would have gone. Even though her hair was a mess and she was hungover in the middle of the week he couldnt help but admire her careless freedom and her love for life.

He watched as the other students funneled into the class room including Emely who sat next to Scarlett. Mr Bradley had his legs crossed under the protection of his desk. He couldnt bring himself to use the diaper yet but it was comforting to know if he was bursting he wouldn’t humiliate himself infront of the class.. or the principal. When the bell rang and everyone was situated he rose to distribute back essays the students had wrote.

Emely scoffed when she got her results “67%! My parents are going to kill me.. what did you get Scar?” She asked leaning over to see her results. It read 90. “I’m sure you’ll do better next time..” Scarlett tried to be supportive but she knew he had stretched her mark higher than it should have been. “Scarlett when have you ever gotten a 90??” She reached to grab her essay to examine it. Scarlett pulled back “I tried really hard.” She didnt want Emely to see her essay was subpar to say the least. “Fine good for you girl.” She smiled but Scarlett knew she was suspicious. Maybe she could convince everyone Mr Bradley was tutoring her...

Mr Bradley glanced at the clock *only 70 minutes left* he thought to himself. His bladder filling quickly and becoming uncomfortable. He stood by the board teaching about Hamlet he tried his best not to squirm but he was really needing to go badly. He made it halfway through the class but he couldnt keep a straight face anymore. He felt the added pressure of Scarletts never breaking glance watching his every move. She was waiting and this made him more nervous to actually pee in the diaper. It had probably been 30 years since the last time he’d worn one and he was mortified to admit maybe he needed them now. He set up a short film on Hamlet for the students to watch and he shut off the lights. He figured the darkness would help disguise his anguish and the students would zone out into the movie or fall asleep which at this point would be even better.

As he turned to head for his desk he started losing control new spurts of warmth escaping quicker than the last. He shuffled to his desk as quickly as he could, but by the time he was sat in his chair he couldnt cut off the stream. He blushed in the darkness as he wet himself full force into the diaper. He didnt think he needed to go that badly and then all of a sudden it was coming and he couldnt stop it. Thankfully no one was watching him, he glanced down quickly at his crotch which was dry and unscathed to his relief. Underneath however the diaper was full and warm as he finished relieving himself. He sat back in his chair and closed his eyes... he wasnt ready to admit it but the warmth felt kinda nice.. comforting even.

Hamlet what a bore... she looked over her shoulder to see her lover slumped back in his chair. He had been super tense up until that point and she knew right away he was making good use of that diaper. She felt her panties dampen at the thought.. it was so hot that she was the only one who knew he was pissing himself right now. He opened his eyes and looked at her, to which she gave a big smile of approval. He looked embarrassed but gave her a nod to thank her for the protection. She was turned on and her plan had worked. She didnt think he would cave to wearing them nevertheless using them the first time he did. He was putty in her hands, he was falling for her, and she him. Now that he was going on the art trip she’d be able to play her game of control properly, she’d practically have him all to herself. She couldnt take it anymore so she raised her hand “Can I go to the bathroom?” He just nodded.

She stood and left the classroom, she found herself alone in the washroom and locked the door. She shut the stall and riffled through her purse till she found her vibrator. “Hello Old friend.” she giggled and pulled her panties dont to her knees from under her skirt. She was so wet it slid in easily and she turned it on, letting out a soft moan as she did so. She thought about big hulking Mr Bradley hidding behind his desk blushing bright red flooding that diaper.

She rocked her hips and her thighs quivered, what they had was unlike anything else she had experience. If he wouldnt have gotten fired she probably would have jumped over the desk and fucked him right there. She planned to check the damage after class but she couldnt wait. Her hand grew wetter as she slid the vibrator in and out her thighs rocking faster and faster until she felt her pussy tighten and her tongue start to numb. She leaned up against the stall wall and experienced the orgasm fully. “Wow Mr Bradley what have you done to me.”

What was taking her so long... he wondered. After a few more minutes she re emerged into the class. He watched her enter, he spotted her thighs glisten from the sunlight peaking through the window shades. She walked through the back on the dim classroom. Was she... wet? Had she...? She winked at him. She had. Oh my God she had. It was weird having a boner contained inside a soaked diaper.

$$

*038*2019-01-18 20:57

If you guys have ideas or suggestions please post them in the comments below, I love reading your feedback :).

- Love always Cherry

Page 10

“Scarlett I’d like to discuss your grade, will you stay after class?” He asked promptly after the bell rang. “Yes sir.” She agreed. “Ill meet you after okay?” She said to Emely. “Sure Scarlett..” she looked at her then at Mr Bradley before leaving. Scarlett worried that Emely was getting suspicious. Scarlett locked the door when the coast was clear, Mr Bradley didnt move from his desk he stayed where he sat. He looked up at her timidly as she approached his desk “you havent moved an inch.” She noted. He shook his head, she came closer and turned his chair toward her. He still didnt move he just looked up at her as swivelled the chair to face her “You’re still dry. Well thats good!” She said optimistically.

“No I’m not...” he whispered quietly blushing bright red. She could tell he was very shy about the whole diaper thing so she tried to be gentle “Can I check?” she asked softly. He nodded and with that she knelt and undid the botton and zipper of his jeans. Quickly she saw the swollen diaper tinged yellow peaking out from inside his pants. She rubbed the front of it feeling how squishy and warm it was and to her surprise he was hard inside. “Wow...” she murmured still knelt down between his legs. 

“I really couldnt make it stop this time...” he admitted. Man he was adorable, so shy, so timid and embarrassed althought with her he had nothing to be embarrassed about. “Do you want me to change you?” She offered. “Yes please, but only if you want to.” He asked shyly. “Of course I want to.” She bit her lip and grabbed him by the hand pulling him up out of his chair. She could hear the diaper crinkling faintly as they made their way into their secret room. Once inside he layed down a top the old desk for her.

She slid his pants off which left him in nothing but a shirt and his soaked diaper. “Does it feel good?” She asked. He could feel his cheeks burning hot “A little..” he admitted. “It looks like you like it.” She smirked and ran her hand down the front of the diaper where his dick was rock hard underneath. “That’s from you and your beautiful pussy.” He reached under her skirt and felt how wet she was, her thighs still glistening. She giggled and untapped the diaper gently and took some wipes out of her purse.

“Did you buy those for me..?” He asked as he watched her. “Well theyre really good for cleaning my vibe but I guess I can use them on you too.” She giggled and opened up the front of the diaper allowing his erection to spring up. He laughed when she said that, she was such an open book with him. She ran her hand up his thigh and grabbed his dick firmly with her right hand “Well looks like you need more taking care of than I thought.” She spoke seductively and began kissing his V lines along his lower abdomen. He watched her head move further down as he reached to brush a lose curl behind her ear. She smiled at him and met his eyes as her lips made their way down his penis.

Her mouth wrapped around it and her tongue swirling around the tip on the inside of her perfect little mouth. His legs quivered as she made her way further down the shaft, keeping her eyes on his as she made it all the way down. “Fuck...” he moaned when he felt the back of her throat, he tilted his head back. She tightened her lips while she moved up and down his shaft, her soft tongue running up and down as she did so. She cupped his balls gently in her hand as her head moved faster and faster he tried not to moan loudly but he couldnt help it “Yes baby girl...” he whispered as he came closer, he looked down at her pretty little face smilling around his dick and batting her lashes at him.

“I’m so close...” he panted, jolts of pleasure running up and down his body. She deeptroated his thick cock and licked his balls with the tip of her tongue as he came hard down her throat. “Holy shit!” He held onto the desk as he came. She licked the last drop of his tip and swallowed with a smile “you taste good.” She said with a smile. He layed there in ecstasy as she finished cleaning him up and slid on his underwear. “That was incredible..” he admitted as he sat up and pulled his pants back up.

“It’s my pleasure, I had to say thank you for volunteering to come on my trip.” She smiled pleased. “You have a little something..” he stood close to her and wiped some cum off the side of her sweet lips. She leaned in and sucked it off his thumb before he could pull away. She felt him shutter when she did this. He blinked in disbelief, no one had ever been so forward. “Thanks to your little present I’ll be able to make the trip.. I’m a little nervous about the bus ride.” He said looking over at the pakage of diapers in the corner. “I’m sure they’ll be lots of rest stops and if you need to you can just... go” she said and blushed.

“Well I don’t like going infront of other people.. i’d be more comfortable just you and me.” He was blushing too he pulled her closer and wrapped his arms around her waist. She wraped her arms around him too and rested her head on his chest she loved the warmth of his embrace. “We’ll have plenty of alone time on the trip..” she bit her lip. He nodded “I really hope so.” He kissed her lips softly for a long moment. “What did Mrs Bradley say about you attending the trip.” She asked. Shit. He forgot to tell Mrs Bradley.

$$

*045*2019-02-04 22:14

Im sorry this took so long, I crashed my car and my phone broke...I have a new phone now. Since it’s been awhile I had some time to think up good continuation and more to come! Hope you all enjoy.

Love always, Cherry.

Page 11

“What do you mean it’s only 4 days?” Mrs Bradley shouted from the teachers lounge. “Please keep your voice down, they needed chaperones.” Mr Bradley try to reason with her. Just then the Principal entered the room and grabbed Mr Bradley by the shoulder “You’ve got a real keeper Mr Bradley! Jim here is the reason those kids are going to be able to make the trip!” He patted him on the back before continuing to the coffee maker. Mrs Bradley put on a fake smile “He sure would do anything for the kids!” She said still putting on a show. To his relief the bell rang and he was off the hook.

In art class Scarlett worked tirelessly on her admission for her final art project which she had been working on it for weeks now, it had to be just right. When the bell rang she headed for the sink to wash off the red paint that stained her hands and wrists. A small blonde girl also came to wash her hands. Scarlett was very focused on her art during class and rarely noticed those around her but when she saw this girl she couldn’t help but stare. She had her hair tangled into a messy bun but left a couple strands hang by her face. She had beautiful long lashes and pretty pink lips to match. The shirt she wore was backless which revealed the softest porcelain skin and to Scarlett’s pleasure, no bra strap.

“Are you a new student?” She asked the girl. “New this semester, I’ve been in your class since September.” She blushed. Scarlett could tell she was a shy person “oh I’m sorry, I can’t believe I never noticed you before.” She spoke slowly as she looked into her bright brown eyes that resembled pure liquid gold. “I think your paintings are just beautiful, I wish I was as talented as you.” She complimented. “Thank you, but I’m sure you’re great at everything.. um-“ Scarlett paused. “I’m Grace. That’s sweet but I’m really not great at most things...” She trailed off. “Well Grace, I’d love to give you some pointers, maybe on the field trip?” She offered. Grace’s expression changed slightly, she looked nervous “sounds good.” She said finally and smiled. “I’ll see you then.” Scarlett gave her a wink. Grace smiled sweetly and left the classroom, Scarlett couldn’t take her eyes off her as she left.

Mr Bradley starred at the clock waiting for his last block to start. It had quickly become his favourite block of the day. He had a meeting for the art trip after class so he wouldn’t get much private time with Scarlett. He could hear the faint crinkling sound as he shifted in his chair. He blushed and sat still, he made it through the first class unscathed but he knew he wouldn’t make it through his final class and the meeting. He relaxed more when he saw Scarlett’s smile when she entered, though she seems extra happy today. He watched her skirt flow as she practically skipped to her seat. He got up and made it way over to her desk, she was one of the only students already in class.

“Happy aren’t we?” He asked. She watch the tall mans arms folded over his broad chest towering over her where she sat. “I’m just excited for the field trip.” She smiled. “Me too.” He whispered quickly before moving to the back of the class as more students trailed in. He was getting used to peeing at his office chair, he started to feel a rush every time he did. He really enjoyed their little secret and he really enjoyed not wetting himself publicly in front of a bunch of teenagers. He started parking up his things for the meeting. After class Scarlett came up to his desk when the coast was clear.

“Your ass looks bigger than I remembered, or is did someone just have an accident?” She reached out and gave the full diaper a squeeze. “Mm accident it was” she felt the warmth underneath her finger tips. “Hey! I have a meeting for your trip don’t make me leak...” he blushed heavily when he turned to face her. “Take it easy hot stuff, but I do need you to do something for me.” She smirked. “What’s that?” He raised his brow. “I need you to pair me in a hotel room with Grace.” Scarlett felt her heart beat faster when she said her name. “Why should I, what’s in it for me?” He folded his arms. “I’ll change your diapers?” She teased. He rolled his eyes and blushed “Pick up more for me and you’ve got a deal.” He pulled some cash from his pocket and held it out for Scarlett. She took the money “deal.” She smiled and turned for the door.

“Scarlett before you go...” he bit his lip. “Yes sir?” She turned back to him her ass exposed when her skirt spun. He felt a shutter when she said sir. “Could you change me before you go?” He still blushed when we asked. He was more comfortable now but still sheepish when asking for such a thing. She met his gaze with a warm smile “Only if you score me a room with Grace.” He froze, he’d have to sit in his mess through the whole meeting and what if they didn’t let him chose her room.

“But- aren’t you going home?” He tried to persuade her with reason. “Nope I’m going to the art class, I’ll wait.” She gave him a wave before leaving. Damnit why did she always have to play so hard to get. He grumbled and grabbed his things before heading out of the classroom. He was still warm but how long before he got uncomfortable..? He needed to get her paired his Grace. He didn’t have time to change himself now.. fumbling around with tapes would take too long. He made his way into the teachers board room laptop bag in hand, he sat at the table awkwardly trying not to crinkle audibly as he sat.

At least he didn’t need to pee which frankly would have been worst than sitting in a wet diaper for another 20 minutes. A few teachers gathered in the room, the art teacher Mr Godfrey a rugged short man with a scruffy face, Ms Jones a quiet young teacher, and finally Mr Patricks the physics teacher. Mr Bradley was relieved it was a quiet group none of which seemed very hard to persuade. “I’d like to thank everyone who volunteered, the art department hasn’t been able to take a trip for many years.” Mr Godfrey spoke to the group. “I think one particular student Ms Williams has great potential and this trip will benefit these young artists.” Mr Bradley couldn’t help but smile when the art teacher spoke fondly of Scarlett she was very talented not only in the bedroom. Once they sorted out most of the details it came time to place the students in pairs.

Mr Bradley stood with Mr Godfrey as he jotted down names. “I think Grace and Scarlett should be paired together.” He pointed to the names on the list. “Well Grace has requested a room to herself.” Mr Godfrey contradicted. Damnit. “Are the students paying for their own rooms?” Mr Bradley tried not to squirm in his now cold diaper. “No the school is.” Mr Godfrey replied. “Well do you really think it’s in the budget..? Everyone can’t have their own room can they?” Mr Bradley reasoned. “You’re right Jim we need to be frugal or they might cut the funds for the art department next year.” He scribbled Scarlett’s name next to Graces. Yes victory. After they finished Mr Bradley headed quickly to the art room to find Scarlett.

“So how’d it go?” She asked when he came into the room. “You’re paired with Grace.” He said with a smile. “Yes thank you!” She jumped up to hug him. “Okay lets go I’m getting.. itchy.” He shifted uncomfortably. Scarlett giggled “okay baby boy.” She teased.

After school she went to pick up more changing supplies for their trip in the morning. She couldn’t wait to share a room with Grace, beautiful beautiful Grace. She wanted to know how someone so sweet could be so shy and what secrets she had to hide. Alone time with Mr Bradley would be quite fun as well. Scarlett grabbed a box of condoms too before checking out at the pharmacy.

$$

*048*2019-02-05 16:38

Page 12

Everyone met early at the high school before the bus arrived. To Mr Bradley's relief there weren't a ton of students enrolled in the art class. He felt himself get more and more excited to spend some time alone with Scarlett. He hoped she'd sneak up to his hotel room so he could dominate her for a change, he tried not to get hard thinking about it as he waited for her to arrive. He saw Grace who sat quietly alone waiting to board the bus, he had never seen Scarlett with her before.. he had been so focussed on his part of the bargain he never stopped to think why she wanted to room so badly with her in the first place.

Before he could think too much he saw Scarlett walk through the glass doors of the school holding a tray of large coffees. She gave one to Mr Godfrey then took one for herself, she was wearing a tight pair of ripped jeans and an oversized grey hoodie. "One for my favourite teacher." She said holding out a final coffee for Mr Bradley. He took the coffee and had a drink, mm just how he liked it. "Did you really have to get a large?" He shifted. "Don't worry I came prepared." she patted her suitcase. He nodded, he had already put on the last of his protection for the bus ride. Once everyone had arrived they boarded the bus.

Scarlett sat in the back directly across from Mr Bradley, she thought it would have been inappropriate to sit in the same seat even though she really wanted to. She drank her coffee quite quickly as she was not used to being up so early. She was tired and didn't think too much of it. Mr Bradley watched her drink the coffee quickly but he sipped his sparingly, knowing of his demanding bladder. He wondered how quickly Scarlett would need to pee, he felt himself start to get turned on at the thought. Quickly he noticed her start to cross and uncross her legs, he tried not to look but he couldn't help but watch her fidgeting and he constant checking on the time. "Need to pee?" he whispered to her. She shook her head "Do you?" She fired back. "How about we see who can make it the longest?" He proposed.

"It's not fair you have an advantage." She motioned to his bag. "I'm not wearing anything, I ran out." He lied. "Have fun losing." She gave him a devious smile. He took a drink of his coffee "Oh we'll see." she then grabbed hers a took a big drink. She was already falling for it. 20 minutes went by and Mr Bradley was shifting a little in his seat but Scarlett was noticeably squirming and started grabbing herself. "You know there should be a rest stop soon." He mentioned even though he knew there wasn't anywhere to stop for at least an hour. "Why? Getting anxious?" She was always so cocky.

"Nope... I don't even need to go." He smirked. "That's because you've barely touched your coffee." She had her hand squeezed firmly between her legs now. "Fine i'll drink my entire cup if you finish the rest of yours." He held his cup to his lip. "Okay deal." She smirked thinking there was no way he could hold as well as she had. They then proceeded to chug their cups of coffee until they both finished.

Scarlett looked up to the front of the bus where Grace had sat, she wished she could have sat closer to her but Grace liked to sit alone. Scarlett squirmed and found it harder and harder to focus on anything but her growing need. She was glad she sat in the back so that no one would see her squirming and fidgeting in place, she had to win this contest, she planned to use it to her advantage later. Mr Bradley on the other hand was losing the battle he felt a spurt after spurt of pee escape into his diaper and begin to dampen in his crotch. He kept up the squirms for appearances but he quickly began flooding his diaper and relieving himself completely. It felt so good to feel the warmth rush out of his throbbing bladder. He tried his best not to be obvious about going, and to his luck Scarlett was too busy looking out the window and worrying about her own needs.

He kept his hand tucked in between his thighs so she would think he was losing the battle which she didn't know he already had about 15 minutes ago. "When did you say the rest stop was?" she looked at him desperately. "Probably about 45 minutes." He said. "45 minutes?? You said it was close!" She started to panic. "Losing are we?" He teased. "Go ask the bus driver if we can stop!" She raised her voice feeling a spurt escape and dampen her panties. This was not the way she was used to him making her panties getting wet.

"Scarlett we're in traffic on a busy highway there is no where to stop a school bus." He explained slowly, pleased with himself. He couldn't take his eyes off her watching her squirms and the panic on her face as she was on the brim of overflowing. She continued to squirm like crazy, she just couldn't sit still. Mr Bradley felt himself get hard in his own wet diaper, luckily it contained more than just his accident. "Please! Just go ask!" she was holding herself rocking back and fourth in her seat. Her jeans were so tight she had a hard time holding herself, and the tight waistband around her bladder made it even worse. "Okay, okay." He started to get up slowly to prolong her needs, hoping she wouldn't make it. He would be right.

As he stood from his seat he heard the soft gasp from the 18 year old girl as a wet spot began to appear between her legs. He watched it grow around her hands and run down her legs. She whimpered as she lost control and peed her pants, fully soaking her crotch. Scarlett's hand remained clutched between her legs desperately trying to regain control but she just couldn't hold on. Mr Bradley stood still as he watched Scarlett wet herself, he never thought she would actually have an accident in front of him but he could not deny that he loved it. She felt the warm puddle begin to grow underneath her butt and her pee begin to dribble onto the seat around her. She had to go so badly she quickly began flooding the floor underneath her as her accident made its way down her legs. Tears beginning to form she did her best to hold back from crying. Mr Bradley watched in awe until he knew she was finished before going up to the front to explain the situation to the other teachers.

Most of the students were situated in the middle of the bus with headphones in so they were unaware of the accidental wetting going on in the back of the bus. Grace who was sat at the front with the teachers was present to hear everything Mr Bradley explained, she glanced to the back where Scarlett tried to hide her humiliation. Mr Bradley came back with a towel and handed it to Scarlett for her to sit on, she took it quietly and did her best to wipe up the puddle. He was pleased with himself, he felt bad for what he had done but he was so turned on seeing it actually happen to someone else for a change.

"I'm sorry!" me mustered as she shifted uncomfortably in her soaked jeans. "How are you holding up?" She asked looking him up and down, slowly catching on. She looked around the bus to make sure no one was watching as he sat beside her. She reached over and pulled out his waist band revealing the yellow tinged protection he had lied about having worn. "You're such a dick." she whispered and hastily let his waist band snap back against him. He chuckled "I'm onto you Ms Williams." Scarlett's cheeks turned red when Grace met her glance from across the bus.

