A Continuation for my "Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles"?

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2018-10-03 22:12

Considering XenoVerse, the DBZ Movies, DBGT, & Super DB Heroes exist I think I can experiment more around that area than with the Main Continuity especially adding my own scenarios. So the question is should I or should I not do a continuation to "Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles"? I ask because I haven't wrote a New Story in a long time unless I should without any answers but I actually like having discussions. I also confirm that I won't be doing a continuation to "Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles" since I used the Main Continuity for it. What upcoming stories should I do? More Pan & Bulla? Towa? Zangya in Hell? Let me know what you people are thinking.

NOTE: I think using the Fiction/FanFiction is best suited for this topic to be here since I am talking about FanFiction.

*002*2018-10-05 15:33

Hmm sounds interesting, since I did make up a scenario for Videl in The Lost Chronicles I don't see why not. I'll think more about that Caulifla-Fusion Desperation Scenario

*003*2018-10-06 05:53

Well, these would be all my suggestions.

1: An alternate story about Brianne, Sanka and Su.

2: A new story about Towa during Dragon Ball Heroes.

3: A story about Nico, the female avatar for the Androids in Dragon Ball Heroes.

4: A story about Supreme Kai of Time during Dragon Ball Heroes.

5: As you did with Videl, you could try to make an original story about Bulma, 18, Caulifla, Chi-Chi etc.

*004*2018-10-07 20:45

Wow, I'm glad we are getting somewhere. I'll keep those suggestions in mind.

*007*2018-11-19 15:34

{{On 11/17/2018 at 10:26 PM, Ghostblade913 said:

Oh and by cauliflower and then fusion I meant have cauliflower need to pee then fuse with kale into Kefla and see how it works with that

And what about something from gine again on the battlefield

}}

Sounds like an interesting idea but the problem with that Scenario is that I see it as an Alternative Scenario for my other Fan-Series that mostly involves with the Canon Storyline (Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles). Maybe I can find some way to make it as its own story by using a somewhat familiar Video Game property that I haven't touched yet.

{{On 11/16/2018 at 3:34 PM, ajioajio said:

Can you make a story of kefla?

}}

I'll try to see if I can

