Retsuko's hold for 5k yen (Short story for Aquraisus)

Author: Gatto-Italiano

*000*2021-04-26 06:50

Author's notes: This story is written for a friend who unfortunately doesn't have time to write her own stories. Aquraisus, thanks for waiting patiently for me to FINALLY get this thing going.

I haven't seen much of the show, it might be be accurate. Not to be rude towards any hardcore fans, but I really don't about the small details, there's only so much I can learn without having the time to watch it! Anyway, here we go.

###

Retsuko stumbled off the elevator, heading to her post to begin another day of accounting. Laptop on her right, metal water bottle on her left. It was early in the mourning and she didn't really make the best decisions last night. What happened was sort of a blur... all she can remember was drinking with Fenneko at a bar, after that she can only recall waking up feeling like crap. Whatever happened, it was either fun, or messy.

Walking down the hallway poor Retsuko tried her best to seem normal. Looking tired early in the mourning was a common sight, but looking delirious though? Not gonna fly in the strict work environment she's in!

Retsuko sighed as she took her seat, with her hands free she took a gulp of her water. Hydration is key to her right now! Letting the bottle hit the table, she took out her laptop and turned it on. Ugh... a whole day of work ahead of her and a headache to make it more difficult than it needs to be. Leaning back in her chair she starred blankly into the screen as it loaded.

In the corner of her eye she saw someone walk into the room. It was Fenneko, the little white fox had some explaining to do. Retsuko was dying to know what the heck happened. In the quietest mourning voice possible, she asked "Hi Fenneko, d-do you know what we did last night?" Fenneko turned towards her coworker and replied with a confident smile-

"Hey Retsuko, I see you already have a water bottle ready, good... I just downed some water too. You have the yen on you right? Because I'm not doing this if you're going to bail out..."

Retsuko could not be MORE CONFUSED. "What on earth are you talking about?"

"The bet we made last night, you don't remember? You where pretty smug when we shook on it

"Huh? Shook on what?!"

"The holding contest? For 5k yen?"

"5 thou- I don't get it..."

"You where really that drunk last night huh? Well I might as well explain real quick before that fat pig comes around..." Fenneko took her seat "Don't worry I'll keep this quick."

We now enter a flashback to last night, here the whole thing will finally make sense. Our 2 main characters are drinking together, absolutely drunk off their minds! Laughing loudly at each-other, Fenneko says "And I said to Tsunoda, a-are you- ugh- do you actually like that tea? Or are you just trying to show off you thighs?!" Retsuko LOST it at that moment. Laughing all over the place she tried to make out some words.

"Was she- was she.... " she froze up for a second "Oh crap! I'm about to piss myself!" Still somehow smiling she got up, hunched over and ran towards the ladies room. With all that pee built up in her she might have leaked a bit in her panties...might... but fortunately for her she did make it in time. Feeling that sweet relief was overwhelming her mind completely! And after some time to get her head straight, she wobbled her way back to her friend.

Jokingly, Fenneko said "Hahahaha, can't hold a drink?

"Ahh yeeeaahh, I can hold it, just didn't want to!"

"Your bladder is pathetic isn't it?"

"No it's not! I'd put money on that!"

"Ok ok ok, uhhhh, how about 5 thousand yen? Tomorrow at work we just drink-and see who can hold their pee longer"

"5 thousand?! Y-you bet I'm in on that!" Retsuko stuck out her paw, and Fenneko shook it.

We now return back to present time. Retsuko buried her face in her paws and leaned back. In a muffled tone she tried to say "Ohhhhohohh, thaaaaat... (sigh) I don't know about this, but... 5 thousand yen does sound nice, and if all I have to do is not pee... uhhh... I guess I'm good at holding it... ok... I suppose we have a bet then,"

Fenneko smiled "Good... I recommend you finish that water so it's fair, I'm no loosing to a cheater."

"With the way the alcohol treated me, no problem." Picking up the bottle, she chugged the rest of the tall container until there wasn't a single drop left. Slamming back down she said "Ah, well that feels better."

"It does for now, just give it some time and you'll be prancing for a bathroom break."

"Yeah yeah, we'll see about that."

With them being as busy as they usually are, they tap away at their keyboards. Retsuko is worried, no matter how much work she had to do, there wasn't anything that could take her mind off of this contest. She had thoughts like [What if I can't hold it? What if I pee myself in front of everyone? I couldn't live that down! I know I could always run off, but then I'd loose 5 thousand yen! I just need to focus]. Time goes by, hour by hour, already she's feeling the water hit her bladder. After only 2 hours she's wanting to head to the bathroom already! What do you think that does to her confidence?!

Looking over at Fenneko, she wasn't even phased! She sat upright and worked liked it was any other day. Retsuko had plenty of doubts at this point. She leaned forward and resisted the urge to grasp herself. It was already the bad! She

5 hours in, and she was ready to BURST! Both of the never even went to lunch, they're desperation was so unbearable that they didn't even want to move. At this point they squirmed in place, it was impossible to keep still. Retsuko heard her Fenneko say "Give up! I know you want to!"

"Never! I'm not loosing that much money over my bladder!"

"Come on... I know you're gonna burst at some point!

"Fenneko... I'm not leaving this spot, I'd pee myself before I do!"

"Well then that's what you're gonna do! While I'm over here all nice a dry...

"MMMMmmm shut up!" a wave of desperation hit her. There's no way she can go much longer, she needs a plan and fast. Let's take a look into her thoughts...

[I can feel it moving down though me! I can't do this anymore! Maybe if I can find a way to make this easier. Maybe I could... let a little out! just a little though my panties! It'll soak into the chair, and if I do it right my skirt won't get wet. Ohh I hate everything about this plan, but I need to pee now!]

Retsuko adjusted herself in her seat, in complete disbelief that she was actually about to do the unthinkable. She pulled her skirt up her back a little, allowing her undercarriage aim directly at the seat without worry of getting her outerwear wet.

[Ok ok ok ok ok I can do this! Just a little...just like I'm sitting on a toi-] to her surprize, she wasn't able to control it! It shot out of her full force! [no no no no no nonoononononono!] Her bladder easily overfilled the seat and dripped onto the floor. The only thing she could do was watch in horror as she was having an accident in her workplace!

Worst part, Fenneko saw it. Without hesitation she got up and said "I win, that's it I win. Oh crap I gotta gooooooo!" she darted straight down the hall for the bathroom. Grasping and prancing as she ran, luckily for the both of them, everyone else was still at lunch and couldn't see this humiliating display.

Retsuko kept on pissing, the chair, the carpet, her pride, all done for!

It took a solid minute and a half for her bladder to fully drain. She placed her forehead on the table and sat there in shame. That is until Fenneko came back into the room. "Phew... looks like I win huh? Ohhh my.... you really went all the way on that seat." No sign of movement came from Retsuko's body. "Riiiiight... well you still owe me my money, I'll let you take your time on that, but I WANT my money." Still no sign of anything from Retsuko. "(sigh) I'll go find you a towel to at least cover up with... just pray Haida come over here and tries any of his terrible pickup lines on you..."

###

Thanks for reading this short story! I'd spend more time on it if I could but It got stumped for so long on this and just decided to end it in the best and quickest way possible. Overall I'm not that proud of this one, but for something written in one day with half an outline, I'd say it's about "ok" and nothing different.

If anyone has any suggestions I'd be happy to hear them!

