Amethyst: Unexpected Hold-Ups

Author: gdubs

*000*2022-02-23 01:47

(1/2) Amethyst has been holding it in for a while now, but when she finally decides to go she runs into some unexpected delays.

Over the course of her time living among humans, Amethyst has found that she sometimes enjoys holding her pee. Even though she doesn’t need to, she will drink the occasional soda or drink for the taste, and eventually it has to come out. She usually goes to the bathroom before it starts to bother her, but she’s found that if you hold it in for a while and then let it out, the relief you feel afterwards is amazing. This is one of those times. For the first time in a while, she has nothing to do today and Steven and the other gems are out, so she’s just been sitting on the couch aimlessly watching TV. There’s nothing to get distracted from right now, so she’s been drinking a lot more than usual to get a good amount of pee built up.

At first she doesn’t feel any different, only the normal urge to go to the bathroom, nothing too uncomfortable. It’s only when she shifts her position that she really feels the pressure in her bladder. At some point one of her legs starts fidgeting, with her knee rocking back and forth as she sits on the sofa.

At this point, it’s been over a full day since Amethyst has started drinking. Ordinarily she would have gone to the bathroom a while ago, but she hasn’t had to pee this badly in a while, and she’s not about to waste it. As it gets later and later into the afternoon she starts to think more and more about her need to go. When to let it out, where to let it out, how much pee she has stored up inside her, how good it’s going to feel, how much longer she’ll be able to wait…

Suddenly her legs jolt closed. Amethyst feels a warm dribble in her leggings, and immediately shoves a hand into her crotch. She suddenly feels all the pressure waiting to be released and thinks, Okay…oh yeah, I think I have to let this out now. She stands up from the couch, slowly, carefully, and it dawns on her how badly she really needs to go. Oh yeah, I have to go now.

Amethyst had been thinking about peeing in the ocean. She would walk out onto the beach until she was knee-deep in the water, kneel down, and just pee right out in the open; she would let the water wash over her legs and let everything get swept out by the tide. But now she’s having serious doubts she can even make it all the way to the shore without bursting, or at least without leaving a conspicuous trail through the house and down the beach. Even if she does make it, there’s always the chance of being seen; Steven might be coming home soon, and she’d rather not have him or anyone else catch her like this. Almost annoyed, Amethyst has no other choice but to relieve her bladder in the toilet.

Just as she’s made up her mind to rush into the bathroom, she hears a familiar voice announce, “Hello Amethyst, have you completed your task for today?” Just as Pearl walks in the front door Amethyst sits, almost falls, back onto the couch and quickly takes her hand out from between her legs. Between removing her hand and the sudden sloshing in her bladder, she almost loses control. Another bit of pee escapes her, even as she twists her legs around each other, squeezing them together to keep the floodgates closed.

Huh? What is Pearl talking about? Today was finally the day I had nothing to do, why is she here right now? Come on, why now!? Amethyst says nothing at first. She clenches her teeth and gives Pearl what she hopes is a neutral look. She was just about to go and let her pee out, and now she has to wait for who knows how much longer because Pearl is lecturing her about something. Her legs start bouncing up and down. She can’t remember exactly what Pearl is talking about, it takes all her focus to keep her bladder from bursting.

“Don’t tell me you forgot?” Pearl continues “It’s your turn to check up on Peridot at the barn.” She keeps her voice even, but for some reason Amethyst can’t help but find it mocking.

“No, I didn’t forget!” Amethyst protests, raising her voice perhaps a bit too much. Why do we even need to do this anyway? It’s not like she’s gonna try and do anything on her own... Her train of thought trails off, she desperately wants Pearl to just go away, even just for a minute so she can run to the bathroom.

“Yes you did, I can tell from the look you’re giving me,” Pearl replies. She doesn’t seem to have anything more to say but she doesn’t leave.

Amethyst gets even more impatient. Oh my god, why isn’t she leaving? Come on let me go piss, I can’t wait like this forever! A minute ago she felt like she felt like she could barely hold it even while squeezing her bladder, and now Pearl is standing there staring at her and she can’t even do that. She keeps pressing her thighs together, and her leg keeps jiggling in place. “Okay, okay, okay, I’ll go do it, you happy now?” she whines.

“No, I’m not. You’ve already forgotten once, I want you to go right now.”

“Alright, I said I’d do it!” As Amethyst says this, she starts to rock back and forth while sitting. It helps her hold a little bit, but after a second she stops, and her need becomes all the more apparent.

“Right now,” the tall gem repeats. The weight of Pearl’s gaze fixed on her is almost as uncomfortable as the weight on her bladder.

Yeah, I’d like to go right now, but I need you to leave first! What is she supposed to do? Amethyst isn’t about to make a show of grabbing her crotch and dancing her way over to the bathroom right in front of Pearl. Every second the wait gets more and more agonizing. If she doesn’t do something soon Pearl is going to start asking more questions, why she’s fidgeting and squirming, why she’s being so curt, why seems so…uncomfortable. At this point another spurt has made it into her leggings since she let go of her bladder, and pretty soon forgetting to do her chores will be the least of her worries. She tries not to imagine how mad Pearl would get if she suddenly soaked the couch and left a huge puddle all over the floor; the thought doesn’t bring Amethyst any comfort.

If only she had gone a minute sooner! If only she had peed outside when she had the chance! Wait, that’s it! She can just find a place anywhere outside at the barn and pull down her pants and let everything out.

Amethyst abruptly gets up and blurts out “Alright, alright, alright, I’ll go do it!” the words flowing much faster than normal. At the same time, she starts to sprint over to the warp pad. As she runs and her thighs slide past each other she feels another tiny leak in her pants, but it doesn’t matter compared to the relief she’s headed towards. “Pearl you’re a genius!” she calls out behind her.

“Well I’m not sure what prompted that, but thank you.”

*001*2022-02-24 00:45

(2/2) Amethyst is seemingly in the clear, but something else gets in her way of her relief.

As soon as Amethyst is out of Pearl’s line of sight she crosses her legs and squeezes her bladder hard. There’s definitely a wet patch in her crotch, but it’s not very noticeable on her dark leggings.

Once she’s standing on the warp pad near the barn she looks around for somewhere to let loose, it doesn’t matter where. But before she can take another step, she sees a much more immediate problem in front of her. Oh god, not now, come on, come on, come on!

Peridot is standing right in front of the warp pad with her eyes wide and a huge smile on her face. “Amethyst! What’s good, homegirl?”

The overly “cool” greeting would have made Amethyst cringe normally, but in this situation the surprise almost makes her burst on the spot. Her hips sway from side to side and she shifts her weight from one foot to the other as yet another obstacle to her relief presents herself. The pangs shooting through her get even more unbearable. Amethyst might as well be standing right in front of the toilet with Peridot blocking her. Come on just go away, let me pee! Another spurt seeps into her pants, this one lasts a lot longer before she can get it under control. All she can do right now is squirm and dance in place, as her bladder throbs and begs her to let everything out.

“Since you arrived a little later than usual today, I have even more updates and progress to share with you! ” Peridot doesn’t seem to notice her desperation, not that Amethyst would have cared at this point. She had almost peed herself in front of Pearl, and there’s no way she has time to talk her way out of this, she’ll just have to ignore Peridot and find somewhere to go. Now.

“Y—Yeah, that’s great Peri,” Amethyst’s voice shakes, she can barely even get the words out. “Just…just give me a minute first, I gotta go.” She doesn’t wait for an answer, and starts to awkwardly jog over towards the barn.

“Hold it! Wait, let me go with you!” Peridot calls after her and starts to run after Amethyst. Normally, Peridot would never have been able to close the gap between them, but Amethyst is far from normal right now. She tries to run while keeping her thighs pressed together as tightly as possible. But the impact of each step jolts her bladder and another wave of agony shoots through her. She is leaking more and more, even with her hand wedged into her crotch. She lets out a long, audible groan as more pee escapes through her fingers. Amethyst stops running, but the trickle running down her legs doesn’t stop. As she stands there hyperventilating, she feels her butt with her free hand and her leggings are noticeably more wet than before. She’s trying desperately to hold back what’s left inside her bladder, and she doesn’t know if she can even take another step without letting the rest out.

Before Amethyst can figure out what to do next, Peridot catches up and nonchalantly walks in front of her, even as the purple gem stands hunched over and trembling, pee dribbling onto the ground behind her. After catching her breath, Peridot continues her speech like nothing had happened, “I know you probably can’t hold back your excitement, but I have to explain everything to you.” She launches into one of her classic monologues about all her latest projects, without acknowledging Amethyst’s predicament.

Yeah, I really can’t hold it back. God, there’s so much, am I really gonna have to just…ugh, pee right here? Amethyst isn’t even listening to what Peridot has to say at this point, not that she ever would have anyway. She’s already wetting herself, and trying to find another place to go would only bring more pain and more spurts into her leggings. All she can do is take one more step and face away from Peridot’s back, but even that puts her over the edge. Another trickle of pee, more like a splash, comes out of her, and she frantically starts to pull down her leggings, made all the more difficult by her legs still being squeezed together.

As soon as her bare crotch is exposed, Amethyst thrusts her hips forward and stops making any effort to hold back the flood. The stream starts off shaky, but it soon grows into a jet. She quickly pulls her pants down to her ankles and squats down with her legs spread. The pee gushing out of her hits the ground with a loud splatter. The sound is satisfying, but it’s nothing compared to the relief Amethyst is feeling. The loss of pressure from an entire day’s worth of liquid flowing out of her is amazing. She exhales deeply, and the stream shakes a little as Amethyst’s whole body shivers. This is the feeling she’s been looking forward to. She didn’t even end up going in a bathroom or in some hiding spot either, she’s just peeing right out in the open, and right in front of Peridot.

“Amethyst, you haven’t interrupted me once, you’re being unusually qui—GYAHH!” As Peridot turns around she almost jumps back in surprise at what she sees. Amethyst is half-naked and pee is just pouring out of her without a care in the world. “WHAT ON THIS PLANET ARE YOU DOING?”

“Ahh…sorry P-dot,” Amethyst breathes, “I told you I had to go didn’t I?”

“You didn’t—But—Why? Right here?” Peridot is at a loss for words.

Amethyst’s voice is less shaky now, even as she is still emptying her bladder, “I just couldn’t hold it, that’s just how it is.”

Peridot can’t look her in the eyes, “Yes…I understand.”

It’s silent except for the hiss of Amethyst’s pee hitting the grass in front of her. The stream lasts at least another thirty seconds longer before finally dying down. Amethyst waits a bit longer before standing and pulling her leggings back up, and she shivers again as she does this. Another drop or two escapes from her urethra into her leggings, but they’re already damp enough for her to not care. She actually doesn’t mind the feeling of the wetness clinging to her now that she’s not desperately squirming to hold it in.

Amethyst can finally walk normally again, and she starts walking toward the entrance of the barn. After what she just put Peridot through, the least she can do is humor the little green gem by listening to her ramble on about all her junk.

Peridot is still stunned. She remains paused for a second after Amethyst starts walking and announces, “Amethyst! I won’t tell anyone about this!”

“Oh right, thanks a lot,” she replies absentmindedly. Yeah, it’s probably better to keep this between us. Amethyst didn’t want to involve anyone else in her antics. She’s lucky that Peridot brushed it off so easily; Garnet or god forbid Pearl wouldn’t have been so chill about her having an accident right in front of them. But Amethyst learned her lesson: the next time she tries to play with her bladder like this, she’ll definitely make sure to take care of all her chores first.

$

*003*2022-05-17 03:54

I couldn't believe it when I first heard that line. They had no reason to include that but they did anyway...

