Brotherly Love

Author: Guest Nirnroot78

*000*2017-09-21 23:32

This is my very first complete omorashi story, and actually the first story in general that I've written in months. Just as a warning, this story may not be for everyone, since both of the characters are relatively young (under 18), and I understand that some people simply aren't comfortable with that. I do very much welcome constructive criticism however, so feel free to give me any feedback you may have.

Hope you enjoy!

___________________________________________________

“Caleb, wake up.” Erik said, nudging him.

The younger eleven-year-old moaned in annoyance and buried his face in his pillow. “Go away,” he mumbled.

“It’s a snow day.”

Caleb lifted his head, looking up at him. “Seriously?”

Erik smiled, moving the boy’s messy hair out of his eyes. “Yeah, but mom still had to go into work, so we got the house to ourselves.”

“Not like that’s anything different,” he says as he sits up, looking out the window at the snow.

“Hey,” Erik turns Caleb’s face towards him. “Stop looking so down, alright?” he says, giving Caleb a little kiss on the lips. “I can make you your favorite for breakfast if you want.”

“Uh yeah, sure,” Caleb says awkwardly, blushing from the kiss.

“Okay, just come out whenever you’re ready,” Erik says with a smile.

After Erik left his room, he goes over to his dresser and rummages for whatever clothes he could wear. He ends up grabbing a pair of lighter blue jeans and a plain red t-shirt, although for socks he had to resort to a pair of white low-cut athletic socks that normally he would use in the summer but for whatever reason he couldn’t find any of his longer ones. Better than nothing he figured.

Suddenly feeling his morning pee urge hitting him, he decides to go and use the bathroom but just as he was about to his brother calls to him that breakfast is ready. Caleb wasn’t really sure why he didn’t just take that extra minute to pee, but he figured that he could hold it.

He went out to the kitchen, the delicious smell of bacon and eggs washing over him. He loved bacon and eggs.

“Want something to drink?” Erik asked, holding the fridge half open.

“Orange-“ he starts to say but quickly changes his mind. “Coffee.”

“Coffee?” he asks, looking at Caleb in surprise.

“Yeah, coffee,” he says with a nod. “I wanna try it.”

“Alright, coffee it is,” he says, slightly amused that his little brother wants to have coffee.

As Erik got the coffee ready, Caleb stood right beside him watching closely, wanting to learn how to make it himself. He was starting to hold his legs together a little but he felt he still had it under control.

Erik finished and set the mug of coffee beside Caleb’s plate. “Now be very careful okay? It’s really hot. Let it sit for a few minutes.”

Caleb gives a reaffirming smile as he sits down.

“So what do you wanna do after breakfast?”

Caleb looks over at him, holding a piece of bacon between his fingers. “I dunno, maybe just Netflix and chill or something?”

“And cuddle up with your big bro?”

He blushes and turns his eyes down to his food. “Maybe.”

By the time he was done his bacon and eggs, he decided the coffee should probably be cooled off enough. He took a little sip before setting it back down.

“How is it?” Erik asks.

“It’s…” he bites his lip as he tries to come up with the right words. “It’s different, I guess.”

Erik laughs. “Do you think you’d want it again?”

He holds his thumb up in approval as he takes another sip.

“Okay well, you can go get our ‘Netflix and chill’ ready while I clean up a bit here, alright?.”

He simply holds his thumb up again as he walks into the living room, trying to drink the coffee at the same time. He grabs the remote and turns on the TV, opening the Netflix app before taking a seat on the couch, being careful to not spill any of the coffee.

By the time Erik gets done in the kitchen and comes out to the living room, Caleb has a show picked out.

“What’s this?” Erik asks as he takes a seat beside Caleb, nonchalantly starting to play with the boy’s hair.

“Timeless,” he says, snugging himself into Erik. “It’s about time travel, and these people who are trying to change history or something… But we can watch something else though if you want.”

“Are you kidding? You know I love this sort of thing,” he says with a chuckle, still playing with Caleb’s hair.

“I knew you would, so I guess that’s why I picked it,” he says quietly, briefly glancing up at him before turning his attention back to the TV and starting the episode.

They ended up being about half way through the third episode when Caleb’s need to pee had become urgent. He was squeezing his legs together and trying his best to not make it obvious, although he wasn’t doing very well at it.

After about another twenty minutes into the episode, his desperation was so bad that it actually started hurting. He tried to focus on the show, but the only thing that filled his mind was how full his bladder was.

“Caleb, you know that we can pause this so you can go to the bathroom, right?”

He immediately blushed at that and looked away, realizing that Erik knew. “I- I don’t h- have to go.”

Erik smiled. “You’re a terrible liar.”

He feels a little spurt escape into his underwear, but not enough to show on his jeans.

Erik pulls Caleb’s head in and rests it in the crook of his neck, gently running his hand through the boy’s hair. “You can let go if you want,” he says quietly.

Although every instinct within Caleb was telling him to try and get to the bathroom, realistically he knew he wouldn’t even be able to make it if he tried.

“Y- You won’t t- tell mom?” Caleb asks, using all his strength to hold on now.

“I won’t tell, I promise.”

Before he could say anything, the desperation suddenly hit him like a wave, the pain becoming unbearable. He seemed to just completely lose his ability to continue holding in that moment, and his bladder started forcing itself to empty, the pee gushing out. He was half whimpering and half moaning as he leaned back and closed his eyes, breathing heavily. The intense feeling of relief and pleasure was unlike anything he experienced before.

He didn’t know how long he took, but by the time his bladder was finally empty, his jeans as well as a large part of the couch were completely soaked, along with even part of his shirt.

“Caleb…”

He barely even registered his name being said as he slowly took his hands out from between his legs and held them up, pee dripping off of them. He looked at Erik through teary eyes as he suddenly broke out into sobs.

“Caleb,” Erik moved one leg onto the couch so that he could face him easier. “I’m so sorry…” the older boy said in nearly a whisper, his own eyes beginning to tear up.

“W- What?” Caleb managed to get out.

“It’s my fault, I’m sor-“

Erik is abruptly cut off as Caleb reaches up and pulls him into a kiss. He holds his lips to his brother’s for longer than normal this time, before eventually pulling away.

“Caleb-“

“I love you,” he blurts out.

Erik’s cheeks turned bright red as he looked away, Caleb’s words coming so suddenly and leaving him not knowing how to respond.

*001*2017-09-24 13:53

Update: Title changed to "Snow Day"

*003*2017-10-29 18:30

{{On 9/24/2017 at 8:01 PM, plugnplay said:

This was so oddly sweet and cute.. I love brothers being cute like this

Hope to see more of these on the future

}}

Thank you! I definitely do plan on writing more in the future

