First Story! :3

Author: GelatinCow

*000*2020-03-20 03:54

Sorry, I don't know if this is any good, but I figured I would give it a go!

Pshhhhh…

Water gushed through the hose, falling in droplets onto the plants below. Elda loved to garden, and it was time to water her flowers.

Unfortunately, she also loved iced tea, and had a few too many earlier that afternoon. Her bladder was rapidly starting to feel full.

I can hold it until I finish watering the garden, then I can go inside for a quick break.

For a few minutes (which felt quite a bit longer), the sound of the hose tormented her desperate bladder. Elda pressed her thighs together, hoping none of her neighbors would see her.

Finally, the garden was watered. Elda rushed to the faucet to turn off the hose. Even the last drips coming out of the nozzle made her squirm. She raced up the steps, and grabbed the door handle.

It didn’t budge.

What? I must have locked the door on my way out!

She ran around to the front door. It was locked too.

Shit! My keys are inside!

By now, she was crossing her legs, trying to ignore the urge to empty herself on the front porch.

Okay, think. Are any of the windows locked?

The windows on the side of the house were too high to reach, and the front windows were always locked. Her only hope of getting into the house was to try a back window. She ran back to the back door, and pried the screen off the first window. She pushed up on the window, but it didn’t move. Her urge got worse. Frantically, she pried the screen off the second window. It was stuck, too.

Oh, no! I’m gonna leak!

She jammed her hands into her crotch to try and stop herself, but a small squirt escaped. It felt so good, it was all she could do not to let loose then and there. After a moment, she regained enough control to remove her hands and remove the last screen. She pushed up on the window, and it opened!

Unfortunately, it got stuck about halfway up. It was just big enough for her to crawl through, but as she moved her hips through, it pressed against her bulging bladder. She couldn’t get her hands through fast enough, and a longer spurt came out, wetting her panties, but not coming through her shorts. She got through the window, and crossed her legs again. The small amount of urine that had escaped did nothing to make her feel better, and she was more desperate than ever. She ran to the bathroom, but stopped.

If I uncross my legs to pull my shorts off, I won’t be able to hold it in! I’m about to burst! ...But I can’t pee if I don’t take my shorts off!

She took a deep breath, and unbuttoned her shorts. She placed one hand inside to hold herself, and used her other hand to pull her shorts and panties off. Pee started to dribble out, and she ran to the toilet. As soon as she sat down, the dribbles turned into a strong, gushing flow. She moaned in relief, letting everything flow out of her.

