A massage session - part 3

Author: Guest Masseur5

*000*2022-05-18 16:21

Note: I hope that nobody who reads this will feel offended by the non-omo related bits of this story. Or by anything else I post here, come to that. Feel free to let me know if you’re not ok with anything I write. But please read on if you wish.

The story so far: After I’d given Jane a massage, she let me watch her having sex with her partner Rod. But before long she realised that she urgently need to pee. She was about to go to the bathroom when I told her I had a suggestion that might increase her pleasure.

Jane glanced at Rod who seemed to find the idea intriguing. “Go on” he urged her. “you said you were up for new experiences”. And I noticed his still erect penis twitch - as mine did too, its now very firm outline clearly visible through my briefs. Jane looked openly from one to the other, a dreamy expression spreading over her face. I wondered what she was thinking as she lay back without saying a word, though not before she thrust her left hand firmly between her legs, pressing it hard against the spot where her partner’s penis had so recently been.

And once again, Rod and I changed places and I found myself gazing down at the sight of a beautiful naked young woman who was becoming more and more desperate to pee, struggling to hold on while she looked as if she was feeling extremely aroused at the fact that the two men watching her both knew how urgently she needed to do it. And they were both obviously very turned on too - though at least one of them (me) also wan’t sure how long he’d be able to wait before he too had to seek relief.

But much to my surprise, Jane had another idea. A slow smile spread across her face as she said “Why don’t you two have some fun together for a bit while I have a rest? It’ll take my mind off the thing I’m going to have to do soon. Anyway, I think I can wait a bit longer now I don’t have anything pressing on me there. Go on, don’t mind me. It’s my turn to watch.”

This was more than I’d bargained for - but nonetheless, the thought of a woman watching me while her partner touched the part of my anatomy that was longing to be released from its restraining fabric was definitely extremely arousing. And Rod was obviously fine with it (maybe it had been part of their plan all along!) as he also smiled as Jane reached over and slid my briefs down my legs, allowing my engorged and throbbing penis to spring to full attention.

I won’t give an extended account of what happened over the next few minutes. Maybe some things are best left to the imagination. Suffice to say that it was very pleasurable - well, it certainly was for me and I could tell it was for Rod and apparently for Jane too, as her fingers played with her clit and probed her secret inner parts, openly masturbating while she watched two men stroking each other’s cocks. I must admit the whole set-up was extremely arousing and it definitely felt fantastic as the erotic tension between the three of us built and built, though, however hard I struggled to make the pleasure last, it didn't take long before II knew that I wouldn't be able to hold back much longer in more than one respect. But just as I was on the point of giving in, Jane stopped what she was doing and once more pressed her hand tightly into her crotch, clamping her thighs very firmly round her arm as she did so.

“Oh god” she said “That was so hot, seeing you doing that. I was so close to cumming, but I really am going to have to go to the bathroom now. You guys carry on. I’ll be back in minute.”

Rod looked at her and said “Don’t you want to try the thing he suggested first? It’s now or never!”

She hesitated for a few seconds, seeming to weigh up her options before saying “Well, it better be now then or it’ll be too late. Come on then, what is it? It had better be worth it.”

“Oh, I think it will be” I replied - and before she could change her mind I was on the bed beside her, having first put my briefs back on as I needed something pressing against me there in the vain hope that it would lessen my own ever growing need to pee. I suggested that she slipped her panties on again too, saying it would be better if she was wearing them for what I was proposing to do next.

“Oh, really?” she asked “I’m not sure. I’m actually dying for a wee and I might wet them if I put them on now. I really had better go to the loo first.”

Of course I didn’t let her and Rod know that seeing her wet her panties was exactly what I was hoping for. Instead, I said

“You’ll be fine, trust me. I’m pretty sure you’ll enjoy this. Anyway, you can wash them easily enough if they get a bit damp, can’t you?”

Jane look a bit uncertain but Rod encouraged her by saying “Go on! What’s the worst that can happen? A bit of pee in your panties won’t do any harm.” And I began to wonder if he enjoyed the prospect as much as I did.

I didn’t want to give Jane time to have second thoughts so I placed a reassuring hand on her arm at the point where it disappeared between her legs. “It’s ok” I said “just let me help you and you’ll be fine”. And as I did so I slid my hand between her thighs and pressed it against hers. She hurriedly squeezed her legs even more tightly together. “Now” I went on “let me take over. Slide your hand out and let me put mine there instead. It’ll make you feel better, I promise.” She glanced doubtfully at Rod who smiled and nodded “Just try it and let’s see.” he said.

At his words, I felt her hand move away from its protective position, allowing mine to take its place against the thin strip of cloth that separated it from her vagina. It felt so warm as she squeezed her legs round my arm, obviously getting very close to the limits of her endurance.

“I can’t wait much longer” she whispered. “I’m going to wet myself in a minute if you don’t let me go to the bathroom.”

I pressed my hand even more firmly into her crotch, rubbing the fabric of her panties against her tender spots as I did so . Almost despite herself, she let out a moan of pleasure. “Oh that feels so good!” she murmured “I don’t know what you’re doing but please don’t stop.” So I rubbed and probed a pressed a bit more. “Oh yes go on, that’s it” she said, half laughing and half crying “yes.. oh yes… oh don’t stop… yes… yes… yes….. oh nooooo”. And at that, I felt a warm wetness dribble into her panties and onto my probing fingers “Oh no!” she cried again. “I’m so sorry, I can’t hold it in any longer." And with that, the trickle of wetness turned into a steady stream which flowed through her panties and onto my hand before being absorbed in the thick towels beneath her.

Once the stream finally came to a halt, Jane looked at me sheepishly. “I can’t believe I did that” she said. “I haven’t really wet myself since I was in primary school. Well, I’ve had some near misses and the odd leak when I’ve had a few drinks, but nothing like that! But in a strange kind of way, it actually felt really hot to do it. Maybe because it was the feeling of completely losing control like that, almost like having an orgasm, or cos I felt so naughty not being able to stop it coming through my panties and soaking your hand. I don’t know. Is that weird or what?”

By this time, any initial feelings of shyness any of us may have had had completely dissolved and I really appreciated how open both she and Rod were being with me and how freely they shared the things that gave them pleasure. I wanted to reassure her that lots of people get turned on by this kind of thing, but something more urgent was calling for my attention. In all the excitement, I hadn’t noticed that a few spurts of pee had escaped into my briefs, making them semi transparent so that the outline of my penis showed clearly through them. Jane must have spotted this as she said “Oh dear, I’ve made you lose it a bit too. I’m so sorry.”

“It’s not too bad” I replied “just a few drips. But I’d better go to the bathroom now after all that or I’ll make things even wetter than they are already. I don’t think the towels can take any more!”

“Ok then, I’ll show you the way” Jane said, lifting herself off the bed to reveal her nearly transparent panties clinging to her shapely bottom. “I need to give myself a good wash after that!” I hurriedly rolled the towels into the protective plastic sheet (luckily, nothing had leaked through to the bedclothes) and stuffed the whole bundle into the big plastic bag I’d brought them in. “Back in a jiffy” Jane called to Rod as I followed her into the corridor.

To be concluded.

