Annette's Misadventures (Fire Emblem)

Author: Goldwood

*000*2022-08-16 03:54

Another Three Houses fanfic cause I can't help myself. Enjoy!

Part 1: The Fishing Pond

Annette Dominic set down her mug of tea and smiled. The latest chapter of her reason textbook had been tough, but she’d been able to conquer it with help from Mercedes and Constance. Ice magic was never quite her specialty, but Constance was an expert and huge help to herself and Mercedes.

“We all did great today,” Annette said.

“We sure did. Learning was almost as nice as that tea Constance made,” Mercedes said.

“Thank you, Mercedes. This is a specialty chai that was quite popular with House Nuvelle back during its heyday. Looks like there’s a little bit left in the pot if we want to finish it off,” Constance said.

Both girls took her up on the offer. Conversation was going well until Annette glanced up at the clock. “Oh no! It’s almost four o’clock! I’m gonna be late for greenhouse duty! Gotta run!”

“Sorry for holding you up!” Constance said.

“No, no, it’s fine. I was a day off on my mental schedule and thought I had more time. This chai was great Constance!” Annette said. Not wanting her cup to go to waste, she chugged it before dashing off down the hall.

As Annette ran, she became acutely aware of her rapidly filling bladder. Constance’s tea was amazing leading to a second, then third mug before she downed the last bit on her way out the door. She passed by the bathrooms closest to the library, but there was no time for that. She was almost late and her urge could wait until she got to the greenhouse.

She flew around the corner and into the stairwell where she crashed into Ignatz. The quiet boy was carrying a stack of books and they all went flying. Annette apologized profusely. Even though Ignatz told her it was no big deal, she felt bad and helped pick up the books. She found the furthest book about six steps down. She bent down to grab it and her bladder violently protested with a leak of pee. She handed the book back and took off again before the spectacled boy could even finish thanking her.

At long last she reached the greenhouse. It was a large building full of plants, fertilizer, and most importantly, a bathroom. She made her way inside and was thankful to be alone. She’d leaked a few more times on the way and could barely wait a moment longer. She headed to her beloved alcove in the back corner and opened the door.

It wasn’t a bathroom. Annette groaned as it occurred to her that she’d never actually used the bathroom in the greenhouse and had just assumed that was what the small room in the back was for. Instead, she had found a boring closet of extra gardening supplies. A stray thought told her to go in a flowerpot, but she suppressed it. That was improper. What if another student, or worse, a professor walked in?

Bladder bursting, Annette shut the door and picked up the watering can. The running water did her predicament no favors, but the lack of a nearby bathroom meant she might as well finish her task first.

“Water. Water. Pour. Pour. Drip drip drip,” Annette muttered. “Screw it. If I can’t take my mind off it, I might as well make a song up.” Relieved to be alone in the greenhouse, she started to sing.

“I’m watering the flowers when I probably shouldn’t be,

Cause I'm full of chai and I really have to pee!

But the bathroom is faraway,

So the greenhouse is where I’ll stay.

And if I don’t do this stupid song and dance,

Annette Dominic will wet her pants!”

Annette continued to bounce up and down as she approached the final row of plants. The first one was an unfamiliar flower that Petra had brought from Brigid so she had to consult the guidebook. She scanned the page and grimaced as she found two species of lily that looked very similar to the one in the greenhouse.

“That one takes eight ounces of water, but the other only needs four. I could just do six, but I can’t overwater or underwater it cause…”

Annette grimaced. The longest spurt yet made its way down Annette’s leg making her drop the watering can. She looked down and saw a noticeable wet patch. Based on an equally embarrassing experience from a final exam at the Kingdom’s School of Sorcery, she had a maximum of thirty minutes until she completely lost control. She frantically ran and refilled the watering can before giving the plant six ounces and moving on. She got back in a groove, repeated the first verse of her song and decided to add a second while she finished up.

“Drip drip, drop drop,

Will I make my bladder pop?

I hope I can contain the load,

Or else my bladder will explode.

So I’ll do this stupid song and dance,

Or Annette Dominic will wet her pants!”

“You know, if you need to go the bathroom, you can just leave and come back.”

Annette screamed as two more leaks broke free. She whirled around to see Felix standing at the entrance. The black haired boy was clearly amused by her antics. “What is wrong with you Felix?” she asked.

Felix shrugged. “I was just making an observation. Nice sense of rhythm if that was song was done on the fly.”

“How long have you been there?” Annette demanded. “Better yet, why are you here?”

“A minute maybe? I was coming to check on some flowers I planted. That’s how greenhouses work.”

Annette felt the color drain from her face. “Oh no you witnessed that entire spectacle! This so embarrassing. The song, the dance, and… other things.” She grimaced as another leak escaped and she turned to the next flower.

“Annette, give me the watering can and go pee. Or finish peeing rather,” Felix said glancing at her pants.

Realizing he had a point, Annette shoved the watering can in his hand took off sprinting. “You’re evil Felix!” she screamed.

She bolted out of the greenhouse and ran past the fishing pond. She didn’t get far though. She winced in pain as she tripped over a barrel and landed on her butt. The shock of the impact sent another leak out of her bladder, and this one didn’t appear to show any signs of stopping.

“Oh no, oh no, oh no!” Annette shouted. She regained control momentarily, but it didn’t hold. A golden river flooded her pants in full force as she sat crimson faced in a giant puddle at the side of the pond. To make matters worse, Felix came out of the greenhouse after hearing the crash.

“Don’t freak out and cry. Don’t freak out and cry,” Felix muttered.

Annette freaked out and cried. “I’m such bumbling klutz! You’re going to tell everyone and it’s it’ll be over for me! I’ll be the laughingstock of the academy for months! And then the professor will make me wear diapers or something equally embarrassing and… This is a disaster!”

“Anette!” Felix snapped.

The sound of footsteps coming around the corner snapped Annette out of her nonsensical rambling. She got to her feet and looked around. “Someone’s coming. What am I supposed to do?”

Felix shoved Annette into the pond.

Annette flailed her arms as she tumbled backwards and landed with a splash. She spit out water and pulled algae out of her hair as she saw Sylvain and Ingrid approaching.

Felix looked at her and smirked. “Careful Annette. It’s slippery over here.”

“Felix Hugo Fraldarius! What is wrong with you?” Ingrid demanded. “I can handle you being a jerk to me and Sylvain, but Annette? You just shoved her into the pond for no reason!”

Annette turned to Felix. “Here it comes. He’s going to rat me out.”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about. She clearly just slipped and lost her footing,” Felix said.

“Totally,” Sylvain muttered.

“You ought to be ashamed of yourself,” Ingrid said as she gave Annette a hand.

“Need me to get some dry clothes from your dresser Annette?” Sylvain asked. “I’m an expert at getting into girls drawers after all.”

Ingrid rolled her eyes. “That was bad even for you. I’ll go grab a towel and some dry clothes while you go tell Professor Byleth.”

“I’m on it,” Sylvain said following her away from the fishing pond.

Annette turned to Felix after Ingrid and Sylvain left. “By shoving me in the pond, they didn’t notice I wet myself. I’d have felt so embarrassed in front of Ingrid who’s so well put together, and then Sylvain would tease me. That was weirdly nice of you, Felix.”

Felix filled up a nearby bucket, splashed it on Annette's pee puddle and shrugged. “I have my moments.”

Annette’s eyes narrowed. “Wait. Once Sylvain tells professor Byleth, you’ll use this story to get out of detention. Then word will leak out and…”

“Your imagination is something else,” Felix muttered. “How about I take the detention, you stop worrying, and this remains our little secret.”

“That works too I suppose,” Annette said.

“Good. I’ll see you around,” Felix said before getting up and leaving.

Annette watched him go, still in a state of shock. “He’s a jerk to everyone, but in by far my most embarrassing moment, he helps me?”

It was strange. Very strange indeed.

*001*2022-08-19 04:25

Part 2

The birds chirped outside of Garreg Mach Monastery as Annette jumped out of bed. It was a beautiful day outside and it was time to start the day off right. She headed downstairs to the kitchen and found it unused. Despite her outstanding grades and magic prowess, cooking was one skill that just seemed to elude her. There was only one way to improve it, and that was practice.

She started off with some eggs and bacon. It seemed easy enough to prepare and there was plenty of food, so perhaps she’d cook for the whole Blue Lion house if it tasted good. She began to fry up some bacon and let it sizzle before turned her focus to the eggs. As she beat the eggs, her mind wandered a bounced from idea to idea about her training and her new friends. Dimitri was incredibly nice and down to earth despite his status as the crown prince. Dedue was his loyal servant and gentle giant of sorts who knew quite a lot about plants. Sylvain was a loudmouth and womanizer, yet appeared to have a good heart deep down. Ashe was super sweet. Then there was Felix…

The bacon began popping incredibly loudly. Annette frantically turned and saw it was black with grease almost bubbling over the side of the pan. She raced to get a jar, but was too slow. Smoke billowed up and the grease caught fire! The smoke drifted out of the kitchen prompting someone to scream “fire!”

Students, monks, and knights all raced out while Annette frantically tried to extinguish the flames. Hot grease spilled onto the stove and the fire spread as Annette filled up a jar as fast as she could.

“No, no, no!” Annette said as the eggs began to smoke as well. She dumped water on some of the flames, but it wasn’t enough. She began refilling again when…

“Annette!”

Annette jumped as she saw Byleth and Seteth racing over. Seteth had a mop bucket in tow and splashed it all over the burning stove. Smoke blew everywhere as the three of them coughed.

“I’m so sorry!” Annete exclaimed. “I was just trying to cook a nice breakfast for everyone and then this happened and…”

Byleth sighed. She clearly wasn’t mad, just disappointed. “Annette, we’ve talked about this. I mean this as nicely as possible, but your cooking habits are disastrous.”

“The fact this is a repeat offense makes it all the more worrisome. I don’t doubt your intentions, but you clearly are not ready to handle the responsibility of cooking unsupervised. If that fire had gotten out of control, there could’ve been serious danger. For that, I’m afraid you must face the consequences,” Seteth said.

“Wait, what kind of consequences?” Annette asked.

Seteth turned to Byleth. The professor looked reluctant, but spoke. “You’ve got detention for tomorrow.”

Annette froze. “Me? But… that’s not who I am! I was going to study, then clean, then study some more, then tutor Ashe, then train with Mercedes! Is there anything I can do instead?”

Annette saw Byleth cast a hopeful glance towards Seteth, but the green haired man continued to glower. “Absolutely not. Those who are not punished will continue to make the same mistakes again. I’m afraid you’ll have to rearrange your schedule Ms. Dominic.”

“I understand,” Annette sighed.

“Then I’m off to let everyone else back inside,” Seteth said.

“I’m sorry,” Byleth said once he was gone. “I did want to do that, but with Seteth right there I didn’t have a choice.”

“This is such a bad look though,” Annette said. “I’m supposed to be setting the example, not having detention like some good for nothing troublemaker.”

“Annette. Nearly half of the academy has already had detention at some point,” Byleth said. “It’ll be okay.”

Annette nodded. “You’re probably right. I’m overreacting.”

The professor nodded. “You are.”

Annette watched her go and shook her head. Try as she might, her imagination continued to run wild with overreactions. The time at the fishing pond where she’d wet her pants was a perfect example. She’d been so convinced everyone would laugh at her, but Felix just shrugged it off.

“Wait. The fishing pond.”

If her timing was correct, she was about to be stuck with Felix again.

Annette awkwardly hung her head as she slipped into the classroom where detention was held. Hilda and Claude giggled in one corner while Caspar looked bored out of his mind and Lindhart slept. She took a seat in an unoccupied row and took out a book.

Felix walked in a few minutes later and gave her a funny look. “Ok, why are you here?”

“Detention. You know me- Annette Dominic the notorious troublemaker,” Annette said.

“In other words, you were the one who nearly blew up the kitchen,” Felix said.

“Yeah you got me. This won’t be bad will it?” she asked.

“Depends on the teacher. If it’s Maneula or Byleth they usually let us out early, but Hanneman will hold us the entire time. If we finish an hour early that’s an hour for him to ramble on about crestology,” Felix said.

“Alright, let’s get this over with.”

Annette whirled around. She hadn’t even noticed Shamir enter the room, the archer almost just seemed to appear at the front of the class.

“Oh Shamir. I didn’t realize you did detention too,” Claude said. “Mind if you let us out early?”

“I don’t. Hanneman is out sick so here I am. I’m getting paid to watch you dipshits for four hours, so you’d best believe it’ll last four hours,” Shamir said. She walked behind the desk and grabbed a stack of worksheets nearly two feet tall. She divided it into six slightly less insane stacks and slammed them on the students’ desks.

“That’s like two weeks’ worth of worksheets!” Caspar protested.

“Then better get started quickly,” Shamir shrugged.

As she walked away, Caspar turned to the other students mouth agape. “She’s hardcore! I don’t think anyone would want to get punished by her.”

“Sylvain maybe,” Lindhart shrugged.

For some reason, Claude, Hilda, and Felix all burst out laughing at that comment. Annette turned to Felix once the black haired boy regained his composure. “I don’t get it. Wouldn’t she just be super mean to him and boss him around?”

Claude snickered and Felix glared at him. “Don’t you dare tell her.”

Shamir sighed. “Before we start, it looks you broken condoms need to burn some energy. Twenty push ups. Now!”

“But I’m a dainty little flower!” Hilda complained.

“Correct. Thirty pushups,” Shamir said.

Everyone completed the exercise. Annette's heart pounded and she needed a drink.

“Can we get some water?” Hilda asked once everyone was through.

“Fine,” Shamir said. She left the room and came back with a pitcher and stack of cups. Feeling thirsty, Annette downed her first cup quickly. She poured herself a second one and got to work. The pile of worksheets was a nonsensical arrangement of word problems and essay questions on fencing, jousting, brawling, magic, horseback riding, and even a few on heavy armor. It was truly a mix of everything Annette and learned and she welcomed the challenge. She finished page after page, getting into a rhythm and even humming as she worked.

About an hour passed when Shamir walked by. “This isn’t punishment for you is it?”

“I’m not sure what you mean,” Annette said.

“You’ve finished nineteen pages. Caspar and Lindhart have each finished five,” Shamir said. “In fact, I don’t think anyone is even above ten. Except for maybe…” She grabbed Felix’s stack of finished worksheets. “Thirteen. Should’ve figured. You live and breathe on the training ground. Tactics problems aren’t punishment for you either.”

“Then what do you want me to do instead?” Annette asked. “I can sharpen some swords, or dust the library, or sweep the reception hall. Oh maybe even file papers for Seteth!”

Shamir froze. “You like to do schoolwork and you like to clean. How do I even punish you?”

“Honestly I’m not sure either,” Annette said.

There was a twinkle in Shamir’s eye when she suddenly got an idea. “Come with me. You’re going to an empty room to sit and do nothing.”

“By the Goddess no!” Annette gasped.

“Come with me,” Shamir demanded. “You too Felix.”

Annette trembled as he walked through the halls of Garreg Mach. Shamir led them to a spare room that was empty except for a wooden table and two chairs. Annette made the mistake of idly drumming on the table and Shamir took that away. She returned a few minutes later with a book and parchment.

“Annette, have fun doing nothing. Felix, I’m giving you a book report on the merits and values of chivalry. Ingrid said you’d really enjoy it,” Shamir said. She left the room and there was a scrape outside as Shamir moved the table out of the way.

“Well that took a turn,” Annette sighed.

“No kidding,” Felix muttered. He leafed through his book and tossed it against the wall. “How do Ingrid and Ashe read all this nonsense?”

Annette knew better than to argue with him. “Guess it’s time for you to read and me to do three hours of nothing.”

Annette sat slumped in her chair staring off into space. What was supposed to be a day of worksheets had turned into a torture session! She tried to focus on something productive when she felt a nagging sensation.

“I have to pee”. She noted that fact but continued to tried to think about anything meaningful. She came up short and could only focus on her filling bladder. She had filled up a third cup of water before leaving the initial classroom and had downed most of it without thinking. Soon she began to tap her foot softly on the floor.

Felix turned to her. “Have to pee already?”

Annette scoffed. For some reason, the word “already” felt super demoralizing. “Um, no.”

“Oh okay. I guess you just guzzled three glasses of water like a camel and are tapping your foot and shifting around an hour later for an unrelated reason,” Felix smirked.

“Busted,” Annette sighed. “This is so embarrassing. It hasn’t even been a week since the greenhouse incident.”

“Well, there’s no reason history has to repeat itself,” Felix said. “Door is right there.”

Annette got up and pushed on the door. It didn’t budge. “That doesn’t even make sense! How can we be locked in from the inside?”

Felix got up and tried. The black haired boy eyed the lock closely and realized the problem. “The door hinge is on the outside and she shoved the table right in front of the door.”

“No! No, no, no! This can’t be happening!” Annette shouted. “We’re effectively locked in this room for at least two more hours. Where am I supposed to pee?”

“I can think of two options, and I don’t think you’ll like either one,” Felix said.

Annette wanted to argue, but realized he was right. She closed her eyes and tried to focus on anything else. It didn’t work. Her bladder screamed for relief and her mind replayed flashbacks of her accident at the fishing pond. Her legs started to shake as she held on for dear life. Then the first leak sprang and she began to panic. “Oh no! It’s happening!”

Felix turned to her. “Two options.”

Annette’s face flushed crimson. “I guess I’m going to go in the corner. Just… look away please.”

Felix turned and faced the door.

Trembling, Annette pulled down her pants and underwear. She closed her eyes and let go.

Nothing happened. She tried again, but her bladder muscles suddenly appeared to be reinforced with umbral steel. A third attempt continued to do no good. Even though Felix was true to his word and sat with his back turned, she couldn’t let out a single drop. “I can’t pee. Why is this happening now?”

“Shy bladder I guess,” Felix said.

“Wait that’s like a thing?” Annette asked. Realizing her attempt to go in the corner had failed, she pulled her pants up and walked back over.

“It is,” Felix said. “One time Ingrid, Sylvain, and I were out in the woods. Ingrid had to pee and we were miles from the nearest town. Sylvain and I looked away and she just couldn’t go anymore.”

“Well Sylvain is super perverted, so I can’t blame her. That’s Ingrid though. She’s so elegant and well put together that I’m sure she just held it the rest of the trip no problem,” Annette said.

Felix chuckled. “She was about to try again about an hour later. Then we stumbled across a bear and let’s just say her body made the choice for her.”

“She must’ve been mortified!” Annette exclaimed.

“Hardly. She laughed it off and we went swimming in a creek later that day. Nowadays if she has to go, Sylvain and I will say ‘Look! A bear!’ or something and we’ll laugh it off. It’s not a big deal.”

That talk of pee was having a predictable effect on Annette’s bladder. Another leak came, this one a few seconds longer than the first. “Felix, why are you telling me this? If it’s not a big deal, why’d you go through the trouble of shoving me into the pond and getting detention?”

“It was clearly a big deal to you. Do you remember all that rambling nonsense you spouted? I’m pretty sure you were even scared the professors would make you wear diapers or something.”

“That was pretty ridiculous in hindsight,” Annette said. She grimaced as another long leak escaped. “But… just between you and me, I think we're about to have a second little secret.” There was now a small pool of yellow tinted liquid on the floor. Another spurt broke free and there was a noticeable wet spot on her pants. She looked from her pants to Felix when suddenly her heart started to race. Felix started to walk away, but Annette stopped him.

“This is no big deal,” she said. She held out a trembling hand and Felix took it. A few seconds later, she lost all control. The umbral steel reinforcing her bladder cracked. She gasped as a torrent burst out and flowed down her legs. Rivulets zigzagged down her pants as the stain continued to grow for several minutes. The pressure on her bladder was releasing, but part of it still hurt a bit.

“Both feet apart,” Felix said.

Annette took his advice and spread her legs further pee continued to fall and she watched curiously as her position led to more running down her right pant leg than her left. She met eyes with Felix, who was watching too. It was a weirdly intimate moment. Annette’s eyes wandered to places improper to look and found a noticeable bulge. Whatever was going on, it seemed like he felt it too.

“That felt… good.” Annette thought.

Finally, the stream stopped. They kept their hands together for a few awkward seconds before pulling them away once they snapped back to reality. “See. It was no big deal,” Felix shrugged.

“Do you still promise not to judge me for this?” Annette asked.

“Of course not. Honestly this side of you is kinda cute,” Felix said.

Annette blushed, which in turn made Felix blush. “Cute?”

“You’re one of the most mature students there is. You’re smart, you work hard, you’re great at magic, and a bunch of other things. This is a nice contrast, I guess. Forget I said anything.”

There would be no forgetting that. The door to the room finally opened about an hour later. Byleth gasped in shock. “I finally got wind of what Shamir’s detention entailed and came as fast as I could,” she said. “Locking students in a room for several hours? I don’t think she’ll be allowed to host detention anymore.”

“That’s probably for the best,” Annette said.

Byleth looked down at her soaked pants and sighed again. “No bathroom in here either. What a mess.”

“It’s fine,” Annette said. “I’m just going to go get cleaned up and carry on with my day.”

Byleth left soon afterwards. Annette started to walk out, and then realized the crowd of students, monks, and knights she’d have to walk past. Seeming to read her mind, Felix handed her his coat. Annette thanked him and walked to her dorm as fast as possible. She grabbed a towel and fresh set of clothes before heading to the bathroom down the hall.

She opened the door and was thankful it was empty. Her bladder had filled up again and she started walking to the toilet. Then she turned around and headed to the bath tub. She thought back to her amazing feeling of relief from earlier and peed full force into her pants. The stains from her accident hadn’t totally dried and the second soaking created a fun overlay of patterns. As she sat in wet clothes, she thought about her upcoming schedule and a devious plan emerged.

She had an exam in two weeks and couldn’t wait to wet herself in front of Felix again.

