Dragon Ball Omorashi: New Lost Stories - A Heroes Story; Nico's Mission

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2018-10-10 05:00

In a parallel universe where crazy events occur in the Dragon Ball Timeline, our android heroine Nico is sent to the time when Frieza has called the Ginyu Force to execute Vegeta, Krillin, & Gohan except that Towa decided to manipulate Ginyu's mind to switch bodies with Frieza instead of Goku to cause a huge change in time. Nico is in a hurry to restore the Time Event but Nico is in a Desperate Situation of her own......

[Xeno] Future Trunks *on intercom*: You gotta find a way to fix this Time Event or else everything will go wrong Nico

Nico: Understood but...*blushes*

[Xeno] Future Trunks *on intercom*: But what?

Nico: Mmm... never mind I'll be sure to accomplish my mission but if things get more messy send in Beat & the others

[Xeno] Future Trunks *on intercom*: Roger that!

Nico: *Holds groin & blushes* Ugh, I need to find somewhere to release my fluids called urine! *Looks at destination far away*

*Far Distance* Frieza (Ginyu): Hand over the Dragon Balls Vegeta or else I, Captain Ginyu, will use Frieza's Might on you!

*Far Distance* Vegeta: I can't believe this, this is a nightmare! Fine here you go! *shivers*

*Far Distance* Krillin: Woah usually I say crap like that! *shivers*

*Far Distance* [Kid] Gohan: Vegeta is right, this is a nightmare. Krillin let's do what this guy says! *shivers*

Nico *Being Desperate*: God dang it! *looks around quickly* Ah ha! I'll go there then sneak them by surprise afterwards.

(Nico fly's straight near by the destination)

Nico: Gotta go, gotta go, gotta go!

Nico: *spreads legs & lifts up skirt* No time to pull down my red panties, this is an emergency!

[Kid] Gohan: *shivers* (Hmm? Was that a voice I heard nearby?)

Recoome: Hey pipsqueak keep handing over the Dragon Balls

Nico: *starts peeing through her red panties like a Water Drinking Fountain* *Her eyes go blank temporarily & is in 'aw' (makes a somewhat Orgasm Face)* Oh yes this feels wonderful! *continues peeing*

Recoome: *sniffs* Hey did one of you little pipsqueaks wet yourselves *laughs*

Krillin & [Kid] Gohan: None of us did you oof!!!

Recoome: *sniff* well my nose doesn't lie so someone must have

Nico: *continues peeing* *still making that Orgasm-like Face expression* Oh god why does me peeing like this feel so sensational!

Recoome: Not sure if it's me or I heard a voice it must be coming from over there

Burter: Then go check it out

(Recoome walks towards Nico's position where she is making loud noises)

Recoome: Huh? Who are you!?

Nico: *Turns around* Uh... *stops peeing then blushes then makes an angry face* You pervert! (strikes an uppercut kick towards Recoome's Head)

(Vegeta & the Earthlings and the Ginyu Force see's Nico in broad daylight)

Nico: Um.... *turns on intercom* Trunks, send in Beat & the others asap!

[Xeno] Future Trunks *on intercom*: Really now!? What happened!?

Nico: Let's say my plan for this mission didn't go as planned

[Xeno] Future Trunks: Understood, help is on the way!

Beat & other Time Patrollers are now being sent to Nico's Location to complete the mission, later on the mission turned out to be a success thanks to Beat & Nico's team effort.

$$

*002*2018-10-10 05:03

@Ghostblade913

LOL yup, I love the way you put it

