Alice's Halloween Adventure

Author: Goldwood

*000*2024-10-26 05:29

Hey Omo Org!

It's been awhile, but I'm back with a new Halloween story. It makes a few references to an earlier story featuring the same characters

But you can definitely follow this one if you haven't read the other. Enjoy!

Alice Zheng looked around her student apartment and sighed. Despite the pumpkins, ghosts, and fake cobwebs on the wall, she was feeling far from festive. A breakup the week before Halloween after already picking out a couples costume tended to do that. So here she was, newly single for her last Halloween of college, sitting on the couch with a now empty wine bottle. Her friends had tried to cheer her up, but attending a party they’d planned as a seventh wheel really didn’t appeal to her. She knew they’d understand the reasoning, but did she really want to cancel without an excuse beyond being sad?

Suddenly, her phone buzzed. Alice grabbed it and saw her older sister on the line. They got along well, but also weren’t the type to regularly call each other. “Hey Emily. Is everything alright?”

“Yeah I’m good. I was talking to Dani about your… well you know. She had an idea and I figured I’d at least run it by you. Do you remember our friends Ronnie and Vanessa?”

Alice nodded. Emily’s friends were great even if some of their ideas were… out there. Emily was chaotic, her best friend Danielle was super competitive, and the others were down for all sorts of wacky antics. Her last time hanging out with that group may or may not have involved participating in a pee holding contest.

“Of course! Ronnie crushed it as one of the announcers for the contest and Vanessa seemed nice too. What about them?” Alice asked.

“They’re having a Halloween party this weekend. I know it’s kind of far, but if you need a break we’ll happily adopt you for the weekend,” Emily said.

Alice ran through her list of college assignments, realized nothing major was due and grinned. “Why not? I’ll see you Friday.”

“Great!”

Then a funny thought struck Alice. “I’m not going to wind up pissing my pants this time, right?”

Emily laughed. “I make no promises!”

Alice laughed herself then hung up the phone. She went back to an essay she’d started, but her mind was preoccupied by her banter with Emily. The holding contest had been months ago, but it had left a certain impression on her that she’d been unable to shake off. She’d been the second person eliminated and often found herself reliving that accident in her head. She hadn’t given in because it hurt. She hit the point where her body was physically incapable of holding back her pee and the high of hitting that breaking point was something she’d tried to chase. It wasn’t easy sharing a one-bathroom apartment with a roommate though.

Her next best option was reliving the accident in her head. In addition to the physical relief, losing early brought a sense of shame. It took longer for her to realize she liked that, but gradually her fantasies shifted from winning the competition to being the first one out and peeing two, sometimes three, times before a winner was crowned. Her sister’s friends had all been super nice, but the thought of getting bullied by them turned her on, particularly the red haired goddess that was Danielle.

Then a golden idea struck. “I’m going to pee myself on the way to Emily’s.”

She hadn’t had an accident outside the bathtub since the aforementioned holding contest and a long car ride felt like the perfect opportunity. She’d load up on coffee and soda for the road and pretend the bathroom was out of order when she stopped for gas. Once she got closer, she’d take a wrong turn and then…

Alice climaxed right as the imaginary accident hit. By the time she was done, she couldn’t wait for the real thing. She peed, took off her shorts, and headed to bed.

Her body it turned out, couldn’t wait either. After all the wine she’d drunk, her bedtime pee only managed to break the seal. Alice’s eyes fluttered open around four in the morning and the first thing she noticed was the warmth. Her bedding was completely soaked as were her purple panties and a good bit of her shirt. Heart pounding, she peeled off her bedding and tossed it in the wash careful not to wake her roommate. A telltale stain remained on her mattress, but there wasn’t much she could do about that. As she changed, she reached an important distinction. Her planned accident would allow her to be found by Emily, her boyfriend Dylan, Danielle, and whoever else was over the night she arrived. That bedwetting would remain her little secret.

Finally, it was time for the road trip. Emily still lived in Goldwood, a town four hours away where she, Danielle, and the rest of them had attended college. Goldwood College was a conference rival of Alice’s Clear Falls University, so the pair made sure to banter about it even though neither was particularly into sports. Alice hopped into her trusty 2004 Civic and made her way out of town. Right before leaving, she’d filled her travel mug with fresh coffee and made sure to drain it within the first hour of the trip. She didn’t want it to get cold after all. By the time she stopped for gas in Whetfield, her bladder was already making its presence known.

Alice pulled into the gas station and headed inside. Under normal circumstances, she would’ve headed to the bathroom, but not that night. She turned to the bathrooms ready to gaslight herself, but it wasn’t even necessary. A “Closed For Cleaning” sign hung on the door to the women’s room and mop cart was pushed in front of it while the employee who looked responsible smoked out back. She couldn’t have gone even if she wanted to! Perhaps the stars truly were aligning for her perfect accident.

Since her bladder clearly needed more caffeine, she bought a 20 oz. coke and drank a good bit while she pumped gas. Once she was done, Alice enacted the next part of her plan. She pulled her towel from her bag and draped it over the driver’s seat. Whetfield wasn’t even halfway to Goldwood, and she was already getting a bit desperate. Maybe she’d let a spurt out once she crossed into Ledbetter County as a treat.

The next hour passed in a blur. Her bladder bulge nearly made her look pregnant and she had a hunch nature might run its course before she even made it to Ledbetter. An hour and a half remained with both her mug and coke bottle completely empty. Maybe she could get a water in Ledbetter and flood herself twice by the time she…

Lights flashed on the dashboard. Alice’s so called trusty Civic shook as she watched the RPMs plummet. Alice began to panic as she turned on her hazards and veered off the road. She turned the car off and back on.

Nothing.

She took the key out of the ignition and prayed to every god she knew before trying again.

Still nothing.

Alice checked her maps app. She was between two small towns, but not particularly close to either. A tall streetlight illuminated either side of the median perhaps a hundred yards ahead, but besides that, her surroundings were pitch black. She called Emily with shaking hands.

“Alice are you okay?” Emily asked.

“No. I’m not hurt, but the car broke down in the middle of nowhere. It’s dark, it’s scary, and I really have to pee.”

*002*2024-10-29 02:10

Part 2

Emily hung up the phone and returned to her living room. She and Dylan were half playing a board game and half listening to Danielle rant about her job when Alice called. She broke the news and all three of them were on the road in minutes.

Dylan drove while Emily navigated. Alice had sent her location, midway between two towns she hadn’t heard of on the stretch of Highway 64 going from Whetfield to Ledbetter. It was an hour and a half away per GoogleMaps, but she told Dylan to floor it and felt confident she could talk her way out of a ticket if they got stopped. Alice wasn’t kidding when she said it was dark and scary. The streetlights were nowhere near frequent enough and several swaths of darkness had her worried about potentially hitting a deer.

Dylan tried to talk about the upcoming party, but that fell flat with their attention on helping Alice. As they approached Ledbetter Emily looked behind her. “Everything good Dani? You’re pretty quiet tonight.”

“You’re going to kill me,” Danielle said sheepishly.

“Is it what I think it is?” Emily asked.

Danielle blushed. “I have to pee.”

“Your bladder is the size of a grape.”

“I forgot to go before we left! And technically, I have the second biggest bladder of the friend group.”

“That was a Cinderella run and everyone knew it,” Dylan said.

“Dylan! You weren’t even there for the contest,” Danielle protested.

“And that’s why I was so shocked. You’re the first person to pee like nine times out of ten,” Dylan said.

“Do we need to have a rematch with you as a witness? Because this was literally how the first contest started.”

They continued to argue as Emily received a text.

Alice: There’s another vehicle stopped further up the road. A truck.

Emily: Like an 18 wheeler? That’s pretty common.

Alice: No. A pickup.

Emily shuddered. Something seemed off. She looked up and saw they had reached Ledbetter while Danielle and Dylan bickered. “I need to call Alice. Pull into that Chevron before Dani pisses herself.”

Danielle flipped her the bird and raced inside.

Back on Highway 64, Alice watched a red pickup stop on the other side of the median. For a moment, she’d hoped she found a good Samaritan, but the truck never crossed the gravel path allowing U turns between 64 North and South. It sat there for several minutes creeping her out enough for Alice to message Emily. Her phone buzzed but it was just a generic response saying that AAA roadside assist was on her case. She doubted anyone could reach her remote location soon.

Emily called a few minutes later. “Hey where are you?” Alice asked.

“Ledbetter. We’ll be there soon. What’s going on with this truck you mentioned?”

“It’s just been sitting there off the side of the road. This might just be me alone at night with a broken down car, but I’m getting creeped out,” Alice said.

“I can’t blame you. Is the truck broken down as well?” Emily asked.

“Nope. Headlights are still on and… wait what?”

“Alice. What’s going on?”

“Someone’s getting out. It looks like they’re opening the back of the cab,” she said. “Okay, it looks like another man is with him…”

“I don’t like this. If Dani doesn’t get out in the next few minutes I seriously might leave her at the gas station,” Emily said. Alice hadn’t heard that dead serious tone from her sister in ages. Perhaps Alice’s own intuition wasn’t so crazy after all.

Alice gasped as the two men opened the cab. They pulled out a tarp, a flashlight, and rope. Judging by the hand gestured reflected in their gangly shadows, they seemed to be arguing.

“Alice, your silence is freaking me out.”

She told Emily and her sister freaked out before shouting “About fucking time!” at a very confused Danielle and telling Dylan to floor it.

“What do I do?” Alice asked.

“I’m calling the police,” Dylan said. “Alice, is there something you can cover yourself with?”

“I’ve got a blanket and a sunshade.”

“I need you to crawl over the console and hide on the floor. Make them think the car is abandoned if they try to check," Dylan said.

“I might die tonight,” was all that raced through Alice’s mind. She told Emily she loved her and hung up so Emily and Dylan could call the police.

Alice looked down to unbuckle her seatbelt and gasped. The front of her jeans was wet. Alice hadn’t felt the leak, but a baseball sized stain had evidently escaped over her phone call. That wasn’t even close to the worst of her worries, even as she lost an extended spurt during her climb over the console. She laid on the floor and draped the blanket and sunshade over herself. If Emily was in Ledbetter that’d be about forty minutes per GoogleMaps, but maybe they could speed there in thirty. Alice pressed herself against the floor trying to envision any scenario in which two men with a tarp and ropes on a dead stretch of highway at night were not serial killers.

Then thunder grumbled overhead. The car rattled and startled Alice causing another leak. Alice clamped down, but her bladder walls were crumbling. She squeezed a hand into her crotch, and it was wet within moments. It was impossible to say whether it was the amount she drank, her fear, or the rain which triggered the full accident, but once it started there was no stopping it. Alice’s muscles relaxed involuntarily and hot urine seeped through her jeans before pooling around her in a puddle she had no choice but to lie in. Alice clutched her phone to her chest to keep it dry while a message from Emily said they were one town away.

Alice’s heart pounded as she internally begged Emily to get there faster and prayed the strange men would avoid trying to break into the old Civic on the side of the road.

*003*2024-11-01 05:14

Tried to finish this on Halloween just to realize I needed a 4th part. Hope you enjoy anyway!

Part 3

Sarah Jenkins, Ledbetter P.D., shuddered as she listened to Ryan relay the message over the radio. Two men with rope and a tarp in the dead of night was unsettling by itself. But knowing a young woman was stranded on the side of the road with them kicked the stakes up another notch. Ryan forwarded her the location and she punched it in. As she started moving, Sarah felt a twinge in her bladder from all the Dr. Pepper she’d been sipping to stay awake on the late shift. In true emergency personnel fashion, that would have to wait.

Sarah cruised down Highway 64 and activated her lights and sirens as she passed through the one stoplight in the tiny town of Waterloo. She was almost there.

Then something darted out into the road. Sarah swore as she slammed on her breaks and narrowly avoided hitting a deer. Her car spun a few times and the impact of the airbag knocked her backwards. Once her racing pulse settled, she took a deep breath and radioed Ryan. “Almost hit a deer. Be there shortly and drive safe.”

“Roger that. Glad you’re okay.”

As she messaged Ryan, Sarah then noticed the warmth in her lap. She hadn’t had a complete accident like she did during her academy training, but it was a sizeable leak. “Thank goodness for black pants,” Sarah laughed to herself as she resumed her trip.

She found both the pickup and Civic just as Ryan pulled up. Sarah reached to open the door, but decided to dab her crotch with a napkin first. Ryan was one of the better-looking officers in the department after all.

“Fun with the wildlife?” Ryan asked as they walked towards the Civic.

“That’s one way to phrase it,” Sarah said. She really hoped she didn’t smell like piss.

There was a knock on Alice’s Civic. “Ledbetter P.D. Are you okay?”

Alice felt her racing heart slow. “I’m okay.” She crawled out of her piss stained blanket and sunshade before opening the door. Outside were two cops, a red haired man with a beard whose nametag said “Waters” and a brunette woman whose hair was in a tight braid and nametag said “Jenkins”. Both were on the younger side for cops, maybe in their thirties.

“Thank goodness someone came. AAA and my sister are on their way, but I didn’t feel safe out here.”

“Glad you’re safe too. I’m Ryan Waters and this is my partner Sarah Jenkins. Whom do we have the pleasure of speaking with?”

“Alice Zheng. Either my sister or her boyfriend called 911.”

“Glad you’re safe, Ms. Zheng. We’ve got more officers on the way, but tell us more about those men before we look for them,” Ryan asked.

Alice told what little she knew before she started to hide. As she spoke, she was fully aware of how soaked her pants were. Ryan either didn’t notice or remained professional about it while Sarah gave her a soft smile as if saying “it’s okay.”

More headlights arrived and Alice was beyond relieved to see Dylan’s grey Bronco. Another patrol car arrived and all three officers met before looking for the mysterious men. Alice had barely heard the doors to Dylan’s car open before Emily threw her arms around her in a bear hug.

“We were SO worried about you! We’ll figure out the car tomorrow, but we’re just glad you’re safe,” Emily said. She squeezed Alice tighter, a sweet act of affection with a rather embarrassing side effect.

Alice reddened as Emily’s eyed widened upon feeling her damp jeans in the hug. “I drank coffee, got scared and uh…”

“I’m not even going to tease you about this tonight,” before Dylan and Danielle arrived, Emily even whispered. “From one sister to another, I might be using the woods soon if there weren’t all these cops around. Don’t tell Dani.”

Alice laughed as she hugged Danielle and Dylan before thanking all of them for coming. Their reunion was interrupted as the cops found the two men.

“This is the police. Put your hands up,” Ryan said through a megaphone.

“Oh shit!” One of the men said.

Alice debated moving closer, opted to keep her distance. Two young men approached the closest patrol car and proved they were unarmed.

“What are were you doing tonight, parked on the side of the road with a tarp and rope?” Ryan asked.

The two guys looked at one another as a realization hit. “Oh God! It looks like we’re serial killers if you put it that way. The real reason is so fucking stupid,” one of them said.

Ryan raised an eyebrow. “And that is?”

“I think we found it!” Sarah said. She and the other officer were grinning. A few moments later, they emerged from the brush carrying a mess of tarp and rope. It wasn’t a bodybag.

“Ta-da!” Sarah said as she lifted the tarp. Underneath was the statue of a beaver, taken straight from the Goldwood College campus as evidenced by Emily, Dylan, and Danielle’s laughter.

The second guy let out an embarrassed sigh. “So, we’re Dripping Falls students and we thought it’d be fun to steal a statue from Goldwood for the rivalry game. We thought police were onto us yesterday, so we hid it in the woods.”

“And based on the transcript we received, an eyewitness saw you two arguing. Can you elaborate on that?”

“Easily. We forgot to save the location and couldn’t remember where it was.”

Alice turned to the others. “I was scared to death by that?”

“We all were,” Emily said.

Soon afterward, the other officers agreed to tell their university rather than pressing criminal charges hoping “two dumb college kids would learn a valuable lesson”. Alice had no doubt that they would.

Just when everything seemed resolved, Alice noticed two more hurdles. The first was that AAA was running behind. The second was that she once again had to pee.

*005*2024-11-07 04:35

Part 4

Emily watched the two college kids apologize, say a few “yes sir”s, and shake Ryan's hand before getting in their truck to leave. Alice was safe and that was what truly mattered. It did have a side effect of reawakening Emily’s need for another form of relief though.

It had easily been four hours since her last pee. She’d had two glasses of wine with Dylan and Danielle and had never broken the seal before leaving to find to Alice. Her bladder was huge as proven by her holding contest victory, but it still had its limits. She crossed her legs tighter and shivered as a gust of wind hit her.

“Let’s get back in the car,” Emily said through chattering teeth.

Dylan unlocked his car and Emily bolted inside closely followed by Danielle and Dylan himself. Alice climbed in the back after thanking Sarah and Ryan before they took off. Inside the car, the four of them laughed off the wild situation and waited on AAA.

Five minutes of waiting turned to ten. “Alice are you sure they’re coming?” Emily asked.

“I should probably call again to confirm,” Alice agreed. She dialed the number and Emily caught a smirk from Danielle in the back seat.

“Is there something you’d like to say, Dani?”

“If I didn’t know any better, I’d think that someone needs to pee.”

Emily’s face flushed, but she attempted to keep her composure. “I don’t know what you mean.”

“Your legs have been crossed the past ten minutes and it’s been hours since you went.”

“It has, but that’s no big deal. My bladder is an iron fortress as we all know.”

“And it’s fallen before,” Danielle said wryly.

Emily folded her arms. “The holding contest does not count. I won fair and square then your boyfriend coincidently happened to be in the bathroom when I needed it after.”

“Then what about that night? You slept in the hammock and pissed yourself.”

“Okay, you got me there.”

“AAA said the tow truck got lost but will be here soon. Also, Em already told me she had to piss,” Alice said.

Emily glared at her. “Traitor.”

“Honestly she should just go right now. Then both sisters would have matching pants,” Danielle said.

“I don’t hate that,” Emily realized. She was too proud to say it out loud of course.

The bantering continued until the unthinkable happened. A leak escaped Emily’s bladder. She gasped and stared at the penny sized wet spot on her crotch. “Ooh the show’s starting,” Danielle said.

Emily flipped her off and threw open the door. She scrambled out of the car and unbuttoned her pants when there was a blinding light. She lost another spurt as the tow truck arrived. Her relief was delayed, but hopefully it wouldn’t take long.

The following fifteen minutes were absolute torture. Alice talked to the worker and her car got loaded before being taken to a body shop in Goldwood. She suffered in silence with her friends and sister well aware of the hell her bladder was going through. She leaked three more times before they were able to leave.

“Step on it,” Emily said the moment they were able to leave. Dylan floored it as they raced to the closest gas station. Another spurt escaped and she hung on for dear life.

“If it’s a single stall, please hurry,” Alice said. “I need to go again.”

“I’ll make it quick,” Emily assured her.

The lights of Ledbetter came into view, but Emily never got a chance to fulfill her promise. As soon as she spotted an Exxon, her bladder completely failed. Her denim colored leggings turned a shade darker and she peed for well over a minute turning her seat into a puddle.

The longer her pee lasted, the louder Danielle laughed. As Danielle laughed, she snorted which in turn made Alice laugh. “Oh no!” Alice gasped. Emily turned to the backseat as a new damp spot appeared on her sister’s jeans. Alice frantically attempted to stop the flow while Emily did what any reasonable sibling would do and turned to Danielle. “Tickle her.”

Alice protested as Danielle mercilessly tickled her. By the time Dylan pulled into the gas station, a waterfall was already streaming down Alice’s legs. Danielle tried to scramble out, but Alice grabbed her and pulled her back in. Emily got out to help her sister and they tickled Danielle until her body gave out and a damp patch appeared on her white jeans.

“Ooh green stripes. Nice choice,” Emily said Danielle’s pants became transparent.

Danielle continued to laugh until well after she was done peeing. “Our friendship is so fucking weird.”

“I’m not complaining,” Dylan said. “As long as you three help clean the seats that is.”

Once they finally made it to Goldwood, the weekend was exactly what Alice needed. She barely thought of her ex as she enjoyed a party hosted by Emily’s friends. She even “wet the bed” that night which may or may not have occurred when she was fully awake around three A.M. Before she knew it, her car was fixed and it was time to head back.

Alice didn’t try to tempt fate with a planned accident on the way back, but she had plenty of moments to relive as soon as she was back home. Not only had she pissed herself, she’d watched Danielle wet her white pants moments later. Alice knew she was fortunate enough to have an amazing sister in Emily, but the weird pee related hijinks her friends got up to made a second great reason to visit more often.

Thanks for reading!

