A Desperate Movie

Author: Glass

*000*2023-06-07 17:23

Hi all! I’m back, yet again, on the fiction forum. This time I have a fully fictional story for you, I just like the scenario. I hope to make this girl a recurring character. Thank y’all for all the support so far on this account, and I hope you enjoy as always! (Sorry if the choice in movie is weird btw, just needed a long one for the desperation setup lol)

###

Sara pulled up to the movie theater dressed as she normally would, black Slipknot t-shirt (matching her vulgar demeanor), tight blue jeans, and black Vans, plain brown and white striped panties underneath. She wasn’t wearing a bra for this outing. Sara was Hispanic, and a bigger girl. But standing at 5’5”, she looked more chubby than fat. Due to this, her breasts and butt were both ample sizes. However, also due to her size, she didn’t have much luck with men. Sara tied her black, curly hair into a ponytail and walked into the theater.

This particular movie theater held older movie showings the first weekend of every month, which was exactly why Sara was here. She wanted to see Titanic, as she had never seen it before and wanted to see if the hype was overblown or not. She wanted to experience this alone, as most of her regular movie friends were talkers, leading Sara to miss a lot when she saw movies with them.

Sara bought her ticket, along with a large popcorn and soda, and sat right in the middle of the theater for the best view possible. Given that Titanic was an over 3-hour movie, it would have an intermission for bathroom breaks. Sara saw this as silly, as she was very good at holding her pee. Sara was always the last of her friends to use the restroom when they were out drinking, but figured she would use it as a chance to stretch her legs anyway.

Sara gulped down her 48oz soda in only about 15 minutes. At the movie’s hour, Sara felt a twinge in her bladder. She was initially confused as to why she was feeling the sodas effects so quickly, then remembered that she was also holding a large coffee from this morning as well. She sighed at the thought of having to use a public restroom, and was a little embarrassed after she had made fun of the idea just an hour ago. Shit. Sara thought. So maybe I do need the bathroom.

As the movie’s intermission approached, Sara was becoming restless. Her bladder was filling FAST. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs, trying to find a comfortable position. When her legs weren’t crossed, her hands were gripping her large thighs while her right knee bounced quickly. Sara was outright too proud to hold herself, even if she wouldn’t be seen. Oh man… gotta piss.

The intermission finally arrived, and Sara stood up, making a beeline for the bathroom. Every step made her more uncomfortable, all her urine sloshing around inside her. As she rounded the corner, she saw a line of about 5 girls. “Of fucking course!” Sara hissed to herself, getting in line.

There was only 10 minutes until Sara had to be back in the theater, and she doubted she would make it in time if the line kept moving as slowly as it was. Sara crossed her arms and winced as a wave hit. She shifted her weight and bounced three times, making her braless tits jiggle. Come on… hurry the fuck up… I’m gonna fucking wet myself. The line moved. Two more people stood between Sara and a stall. She checked her phone. One minute. Shit shit shit! I’m so fucking close! Sara thought frantically. Crossing her legs tight, she rubbed her thighs rapidly. Then, in a move that shocked even a part of herself, Sara stepped out of line and jogged back to the theater. Whether it be out of pride, sheer stupidity, or both, Sara was determined to hold it until the movie ended. I can hold it… I’m not gonna lose it.

Sara sat back down in the back of the theater in case she needed to squirm. Sitting made her feel a little better, but this, along with her determination, only lasted about 30 minutes. As soon as the Titanic began to fill with ocean water, Sara’s desperation returned with a vengeance, and her resolve began to crumble. She imagined the cabins filling with water as her bladder, bursting at the seams. Her bladder apparently enjoyed this image, as Sara let out a large spurt along with a quiet moan. She smashed her thick legs together, gripping her chair’s arm rests and stopping the flow quickly. Sara used her phone screen to inspect the damage. There was already a large wet spot on her blue jeans. She couldn’t leak again, or it would be obvious that she was desperate the second she stood up. Sara moved up in her seat and bounced desperately, hands still clutching the arm rests. “Goddamn I have to piss!” She whispered through gritted teeth.

Sara could no longer stay still. The sounds and sights of water engulfed her as the Titanic continued to sink on screen. Sara’s knees both bouncing restlessly, her legs crossed and uncrossed; she even gave in once in a while and gave her crotch quick squeezes, feeling the wetness on her crotch. Sara hadn’t been paying attention to the plot of the movie since her first leak, but was still too proud to go pee before the movie ended. “15 minutes… 15 minutes… God, I have to piss so fucking bad” Sara whispered.

The second the credits were rolling, Sara was out of her seat, nearly running to the bathrooms. Again, rounding the corner, she found a line of about 5 girls. No… I have to go right fucking now! Despite her frantic thoughts, Sara knew she didn’t have any other choice than to wait. She got in line again, hands on her hips as she bounced subtly. Gotta go gotta go! Sara moaned internally.

@@Thankfully, this time around, the line was moving faster. Sara bounced and crossed her legs, once again jiggling her large breasts. She somehow managed to keep her hands off of her crotch, crossing her arms over her chest or using them to fix her jeans. That is, until she heard the toilet flush with two girls in front of her. Her bladder sent a strong spasm through her, and she was forced to grab her crotch with both hands while scissoring her legs. “Ohhh fffffuck I gotta piss!” Sara whispered, grateful that no one was behind her in line. As the wave subsided, an embarrassed Sara quickly removed her hands from her crotch, only to be hit by another wave of desperation that sent a second large spurt out of her peehole. “Mmmm” Sara moaned louder this time as she felt pee begin to flow down the sides of her legs. Another crotch grab, this time with leg crossing and ample bouncing, was able to stem the flow. Sara was afraid to look down, and found a wet spot that covered her whole crotch and half of her inner thighs when she finally did. Mercifully though, the line was now gone, and Sara only needed to wait for one of the two stalls to vacate.“Come on come on come ooon… I really have to fucking piiiss!!”

@@Sara, now full-on pee dancing, watched intently for a stall door to open. Neither did. Instead, Sara’s floodgates began to open. Three more long squirts came, the last once splattering loudly on the bathroom’s tile floor. Sara stomped in place while clutching her crotch to stop herself from fully giving in, feeling her feet squish in her now wet shoes. Oh God… I can’t hold it! Sara had practically wet herself already, the stain extending all the way to the bottom of her jeans. However, she refused to fully give in. She pounded on the stall doors, dancing in her soaked jeans. “Hurry up! I’m literally fucking pissing myself out here!” Sara yelled without restraint. She was told to hold on as a toilet flushed, she spurted again, and then exploded. “Ahh… fuck… gotta piss… no!” Pee thrashed out of Sara, soaking the rest of her tight jeans. More than the relief she was feeling was the anger of not being able to hold on. She was an adult woman who had just wet herself two feet from a toilet. Sara walked out of the restroom and the theater before anyone could question her or make fun of her. Back in her car, she angrily hit the steering wheel, promising herself she would never lose control again.

TO BE CONTINUED…

