"Inner Workings" - A Kate Story; Body Fluid Sensations

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2021-03-01 16:12

I would highly suggest to watch "Inner Workings" first before reading this just to get a clear imagination/idea for people who don't know who Kate or Inner Workings in general at all.

..... Kate wakes up with a healthy brain activated .....

"Brain (Kate)": Good morning sunshine!

"Heart & Muscles (Kate)": Let's start a brand new day!

"Stomach (Kate)": *Growling* I'm hungry...

"Bladder (Kate)": Kinda need to be pee but it can wait...

Kate gets up from bed & cleans her bed within a few seconds thanks to her energetic mood by having a well-rested sleep. She prepares herself a healthy big breakfast: White Eggs, Turkey Bacon, English Muffin with Natural Peanut Beanut & Jelly, and a Big Glass of Apple Juice.

Kate enjoyed her breakfast, felt stuffed, & still had plenty of time to go to work so she decided to watch some Adult Home Videos that she purchased the other day to see if they will cause some sort of Arousing Excitement BUT she remembered she needed to use the toilet...

"Brain (Kate)": I think it would be best to use the toilet...

"Bladder (Kate)": Feeling desperate yet not in a hurry...

"Brain & Heart (Kate)": I wanna see this Adult Home Video really bad so let's wait for a minute & watch

Kate inserts her DVD called "Amazons of the Wilderness"... apparently it's about Strong-looking Females on an island seeking pleasure while having some Misadventures. Kate was feeling a little impressed by the Adult Home Video so far, feeling happy n' curious, but then she saw an Amazon Woman peeing stand-up towards a tree after that the Amazon Woman decided to touch herself...

"Brain & Bladder (Kate)": Dammit I knew we should've gone...

Kate grabs her groin area in a desperate manner and yet...

"Heart (Kate)": I want to feel that sensation, I wanna lay down on the floor...

Kate decided to sit down on her floor while still having her jeans on. Her butt was pretty huge so she spread her legs wide open & continuously rubbed her groin region while still having her jeans on, I may remind you audience. She was blushing, feeling aroused but still desperate to pee, the Adult Home Video is still running by showing Amazon Women doing Wild Un-lady-Like Antics... Kate was feeling good yet her bladder was budging...

"Bladder (Kate)": Oh no... I'm gonna wet these pants...

"Brain, Heart, Muscles (Kate)": But it feels so nice, we feel some sort of wetness but it's not urine... what is it?

"Groin Area (Kate)": *A wet patch inside the Jean Pants begin to emerge through the panties* Ooh, I feel so warm & full of joy!

"Bladder (Kate)": I'm at my limit... I'm gonna let go all the pain & relax...

Kate was reaching her climax while still watching the Adult Home Video, she feels the rush, the excitement, the wetness... oh the wetness from her groin feels nice until she started to wet her Jeans to the fullest! Urine spread through her floor with a loud hissing sound while leaving a big wet patch on her Jeans (from her Groin Area to her Big Butt when she was sitting down). She was in 'Big Aw' of relief & joy, she felt no regret but of course have to shower & clean up her mess.

"Brain & Hear (Kate)": Wetting myself was totally worth it

"Bladder & Groin Area (Kate)": We're gonna have that moment again another day aren't we?

Kate enjoyed her Morning and continued on with her day. She mobbed up her mess, showered, & wear some fresh jeans then head off to work.

$$

$$

*002*2021-03-02 05:12

{{17 minutes ago, Ms. Tito said:

This is pretty poggers

}}

So I see that you thought it was good? A person requested/suggested to see if I could do a story about this character yet since it has been a while I needed to get inspired/motivated by reading my old Fan-Fics & to re-watch Inner Workings in order for me to write again.

*003*2021-03-02 13:19

I love it dude!!!

*004*2021-03-02 15:35

{{2 hours ago, Queso said:

I love it dude!!!

}}

I'm glad that you did, I worked really hard on it

*006*2021-03-05 08:30

{{5 hours ago, Ms. Tito said:

To be honest I wish this Amazons of the Wilderness video was real.

}}

LOL yeah you have no idea, would be really nice to see in real life

