Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Universe 6 Story; Vados' Angelic Pee & Urge

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-29 16:17

In Universe 6 before Champa was about to visit his Vados had a little emergency of her own...

Champa: Hey Vados what's with you!? Why are you squirming!?

Vados: I'm sorry Lord Champa but it seems like I have to use the facilities

Champa: Can you hold it when we are about to visit my brother's place?

Vados: I think I can hold it just for a while

Champa: Good, now let's go!

(Vados & Champa travel to Universe 7 for about 20 minutes later)

Champa: Are we almost there?

Vados: Just 20 more minutes sir... (I hope I can make it in time)

(another 20 minutes later)

Vados: We're here Lord Champa

Champa: Good we are now in Unverse 7 now we can just fly----What are you doing Vados!?

Vados: Sorry Lord Champa but I'm going to a nearest planet for me to relief myself

Champa: Fine then hurry back!

(Vados goes to U7 Planet Yardrat)

Vados: This will be a good place to relief my self

(Vados pulls down her Green Leggings & Panties)

Vados: *Squats & Starts peeing* Oh my that feels so nice [Vados' urine looks clear as water yet has a burning sensation plus has sparkling tiny stars]

Vados: *continues peeing* I don't know why but I get the sensation of lust for this somehow

Vados: *stops peeing* *gets her Staff/Wand* *uses the end of the tip to touch her sensitive area* Oh my this feels so good, ah-oh-ah-oh-oh!

Vados: *continues touching herself with her Staff/Wand* Oh yes, aw, oh yes, this feels great, aw-oh-ah!

Vados: *Closesly reaches climax* Aw-oh-ah-ah-oh-Aw, yes, I'm going to---*Screams in Pleasure by Climax* AW! *Squirts like a Fountain*

A Yardrat from a Far Distance: Huh? What was that scream?

2nd Yardrat: Eh, who knows, now focus on meditating again.

Vados: *Stops Squirting* Oh my I don't know what came over me *laughs* "Came" I said.

Champa: Man, what's taking her!?

Vados: *Appears in a Flash* Hello Lord Champa

Champa: Ah! Don't scare me like that again. So are you ready to go now?

Vados: Yup, let's go.

After Vados relieving herself & pleasuring herself as well. Champa & Vados now start heading to Beerus' Home Planet.

$$

