Strong Anna Part 2 - 4 - Page 2

Author: Guest Dunkel

*026*2016-04-20 22:06

"Mr. Ben Haim?” Johnny heard a mens voice behind him, but didn't react.

“Mr. Ben Haim, I am talking to you!” the voice became louder, but Johnny didn't react.

“Mr. Ephraim Ben Haim.... Are you deaf?” the voice sounded angrily. “Johnny, for gods sake?!”

“hrmm?! What?!” Johnny took the earphones and turned around, “Sorry? Oh Professor! Whats wrong? Can I help you?”

“Yes. Make yourself ready for a weekend trip.” the Professor replied. The Professor was a tall slim man, with short gray hair and some old golden glasses. Even in african heat, he wore a suit or at least a white shirt and vest. He seemed cold and strict, but despite is appearance, he was quiet a nice man.

“A Weekend-Trip? Like vacation ?” Johnny replied in confusion.

“No ! Not like vacation. We got invited to a symposium.. It will be a 4 Days Trip. And you will wear a suit, do you understand?” the Professor gave him a serious look. “We are going to Lubumbashi, Katanga. We will leave on Saturday morning. We will drive in a convoy.”

“Lubumbashi? It's on the other side of the country! Why?” Johnny didn't wanted to drive trough the whole land...

“Because we got invited by some seriously important persons. It's the hard live of a historian to get his projects financed. And they got some files in Lubumbashi, that may could be useful. “ The Professor replied. “I don't want you to look neglected and none of your tattoos shall be shown. I already had this discussion with Astrid, I wont negotiate about it. Got a problem with this?”

“Well... No..? But.. I can't drive on Sabbath!” Johnny replied with a smile. “Or I need extra charge?”

“Seriously? Did you find your faith during the last week?” The Professor smiled slightly. “I thought getting drunk on Sabbath isn't allowed too? And Cheeseburger... well... are they kosher, Ephraim?”

“Hey Hey! It was just a joke, Professor!” Johnny laughed out, “ It's alright for me. But I don't get it, why we wont fly. Four days for a symposium is quiet a lot.. Lubumbashi got a airport, does it?”

“An international Airport. But the Universities won't pay for the flight. … And I pay you for being a driver right? So stop joking. I don't need you as a comedian. And by the way, if I would need one, I would get Jerry Seinfeld.”

“Seinfeld ain't dead? That old fart ain't even funny.” Johnny replied with a smile.

“To be honest, I was always a fan... And... Jerry Seinfeld is my age... Thanks Mr. Ben Haim.” the Professor didn't seemed much amused.” Two Days! You got two days, to get ready..!”

The Professor turned around and left. Johnny grabbed his earphones and plugged them in again.

“Damn... Lubumbashi.. … Its over a day ride..” Johnny shook his head.

Two days later, they loaded the bus with their stuff. It was early that morning, still dark outside. Johnny was terribly tied, when they get into the bus. Leroy and Astrid looked like zombies. But Vivienne was all groomed and already had her make up done. Her black hair was bound into a ponytail, she wore a white polo shirt and some fancy khaki shorts. The Professor was, as usual wearing a suit and was all ready to go.

“Damn... that sucks, I am dead...” Johnny turned towards Leroy. “Were is the rest of the convoy?”

“They must be here in any minute..” Leroy replied and shove his baseball cap into his face. “I will take a nap, Johnny.”

Every minute turned out to be half an hour... Then two old military jeeps arrived. After another 45 minutes, they finally drove off. They drove eastwards over land. When the morning was coming up, they countryside was really green, but for hours there was no sign of a big city. One jeep was driving in front of them, the other jeep behind them. They drove trough small woods and whenever they came close to water, there was a large vegetation. They saw some wild animals and small villages, and for hours there were no bigger cities. The only break in the landscape was Kikwit, a large city with an own airport.

“Why don't we fly? Seriously..” Astrid nagged “We will drive for more than a day!”

“The University won't pay for this..” the professor replied. “And you will see the beauty of the landscape.”

“Beauty of the Landscape..” Vivienne griped, “We saw Enoch during the last hours...”

“It's a trip you only get once in your live, so enjoy it.” Leroy smiled.

“But its freaking dangerous!” Vivienne replied “ We are in nowhere!”

“Kikwit isn't nowhere..” Leroy smiled relaxed. “It's a big city.”

“But what about rebels? I don't wanna be kidnapped!” Vivienne worried,

“Seriously.. This area is save. Don't freak out for no reason! It's not like death creeps at every corner.” Leroy still smiled. “ And Katanga is the richest and most industrialized province. It's really progressive.”

“But …!” Vivienne tried to answer, but there was a voice on the radio.

“The guards want to make a break. There will be a change of guards. One jeep stays with us.. The other guards already finished there shift.” Leroy explained.

“So we will get a break?” Astrid asked, “Will there be toilets?”

“Yeah sure, it's diner, somewhere outside Kikwit.”, Leroy anwered.

A few minutes later the convoy stopped at a small but tidy diner. The girls went directly to the toilet, Leroy talked with the guards, while Johnny and the professor ordered a coffee and something to eat.

“You still can drive, Ephraim?” the professor asked with real concern, “I am glad to have you in the team. You're doing quite good till now.”

“Thanks Professor. I am doing my best and the coffee will help.” Johnny smiled a bit.

“We get a half an hour break. Until the new guards arrive. Get some rest..” the professor smiled.

When Leroy and the girls came into the diner, they ordered some Coffee. But after half an hour, there were no guards showing up.. Another hour and still no jeep in sight. After two hours, finally the jeep with the new guards arrived, but the guards didn't wear uniforms. But because they were in a hurry, they drove off without suspicion

“Well we need to get to Tshikapa, we got a hotel there for the night. There we will get some rest. We only got one driver, so we cant drive trough.”The professor explained.

“We would be there already, when we took a plane..” Vivienne started arguing again.

“We know it, you already told us.” Johnny rolled his eyes and kept driving

So they drove for another hour, when there was a sound on the radio again.

“Shit.. The new guards just told us, that the road is blocked, we got to take a detour.. There was a crash on a bridge, two trucks crashed into another and they lost load..”

“Serious?” Vivienne huffed. “This can't be serious!”

“It can take some hours, till they get the road clear again...” Leroy answered chilled.

And on the next crossing, the convoy left the well build road and drove on a small trail. The driving became really rough. But when they came to a solitary place, a wrecked car blocked the road.

“What the..?” Johnny raised his eyebrow, while the Soldiers in the first Jeep jumped off there car.

“They are going to kidnap us! Don't stop right here!” Vivienne was freaking out

“Seriously.. stop it. There is everything gonna be alright.” Leroy tried to calm her. “it's just a wrecked car on the road.. And we got four armed guards.”

“S..Seriously! We got to get back to the road! I don't wanna die here!” Vivienne was shaking and nearly crying in fear.

“Shut up, Vivi!” Astrid growled angry.

Johnny looked into the mirror and saw the second jeep blockading the trail behind them. He lifted his eyebrow and turned towards Leroy, who was sitting next to him.

“Why are they blocking the road behind us..?” Johnny asked him suspiciously.

“They.. Are Doing what?!” Vivienne started to cry out.

“Keep Calm...” the professor said.

“How can I stay calm?! They are going to kill us..!” Vivienne replied panicking.

“Seriously Vivienne.. stay calm.. nothing is going to happen.” Leroy tried to calm her down, “You make everyone else freaking out too...”

“Shut the fuck up, Vivienne!” Astrid shouted angrily, “Stop whining..! You are getting on my... oh.. gross!”

Astrid quickly shove herself to the next seat, away from Vivienne.

“What's wrong back there?” the professor asked , not amused.

“Vivienne is wetting her pants!” Astrid proclaimed in disgust.

And truly, there was a visible wet patch showing on Vivienne's light khaki shorts. The wetness was glistering around her crotch and down her legs. The fabric of her shorts was darkening and soon fully soaked with her warm urine. Vivienne covered her face with her hands and sobbed silently.

Slowly a puddle was forming around her but and the pee was dribbling down the seat.

“Calm Down, it's alright.” Leroy tried to calm her down again, but nothing seemed to help. So he just gave her a pitying look.

“Can I sit somewhere else?” Astrid asked still disgusted. She looked to Vivienne's mishap and shook her head. She never peed herself out of fear and thought, that this was quiet disgusting. A strong girl, like her would never let this happen to herself.

A man stepped in front of the wrecked car. A tall man, dressed like soldier. He raised his voice and spoke some words with the guards. Leroy opened the window to understand, what they were talking about.

“Leroy, what are they talking about?” the professor asked, still quiet tranquil. “Do you understand them?”

“He got a strange dialect and we're far away.. but.. he is asking about the bus.” Leroy answered, listening to the talking, “He asked, if there are some scientists in the bus. War Scientist?”

“How does he know... ?” The professor lifted his eyebrow and looked suspicious. “Ephraim? Start the engine.”

“A trap?” Johnny asked, while he started the engine.

“Get us out off here.” despite the danger they were in, the professor seemed unexited.

“Everyone... get your heads down!” Johnny announced and pushed down the gas pedal. The weels were turning wild and Johnny turned the bus around quickly. They heard the man at the car shouting out loudly. The guards behind them, raised there guns, aiming for the bus.

“Guess they ain't real guards...” Leroy murmured and covered his head.

That was the moment, when all hell broke loose. They heard the first gunshots firing. Then screaming, more gunshots and the breaking of glass.

“Keep your heads covered!” The professor shouted out loud, nearly not audible trough the terrible sounds. The rattling of assault rifles, the buzzing of bullets in the air and the breaking of glass, all mixed up with fearful screams.

Johnny pushed the pedal as hard as he could and drove the bus directly towards the jeep, which was blockading the road back.

“Hold tight!” he screamed, when the Bus hit the vehicle with full force. There was a heavy impact, a loud cracking and again the breaking of glass. Johnny felt the fragments of the front glass cutting deep into his skin and flesh. It was a burning pain. He grabbed the wheel and closed his eyes for a second, breathing out the pain.. The bus flipped the jeep over and shove it sideways, burring the fake guards under it.

The front of the bus was heavily damaged, but it was still driving. They heard the bullets hitting the bus with a heavy pounding, piercing through the metal. But they still kept driving and soon there were no more bullets and no more screaming.

Until they head back to the main road, no one said a word.

“Is everyone alright?” the professor broke the silence.

“Yeah... a bit shaky, but unharmed.” Leroy answered.

“And you, Ephraim?” the professor bend over the seat and looked at his driver.

“The broken glass gave me some cuttings, but I guess... I still can drive.” Johnny replied, his arms and face were all covered in blood and broken glass.

“What about the girls?” The professor turned around.

Vivienne was still crying and and sobbing panicky, she was seemingly in shock.

“I am... not hit!” Vivienne replied shaking and sobbing.

“How about you, Astrid?” the professor turned towards her.

But Astrid didn't answer.

“Astrid?” the professor asked again, “Are you alright?”

“I ...” Astrid seemed to be terrified, watching down her crotch.

“Are you hit?” the professor asked her with honest concern.

“No..! No … I just.. pissed my shorts..” she answered subdued. Her her light blue jeans shorts were soaked, the seat under her was dripping wet. Just a few minutes ago, she mocked Vivienne for doing so, but now she was sitting in a puddle of her own pee. Astrid, strong and proud, just pissed all over her seat.

“I guess in this situation, it is not reprehensible to do so...” The professor replied calmly. “But is surly no one hit? A shot in the Belly?”

“No... Why?” Leroy looked around and saw no belly wounds.

“The smell of feces … don't you smell it?” the professor answered and sniffed. “ So this is a belly wound or... someone just.. you know..”

“Not me..” Leroy announced.

“Me neither..” Johnny replied and drove onward.

Astrid turned pale. She shove her hand under her butt and felt... just a warm wetness. She hadn't crapped her pants at least. She took a deep breath. She could feel the warm wetness all over her tight ass, but there was nothing else.

“It wasn't me..” Astrid finally announced.

“I.. soiled myself...” Vivienne cried out silently, covering her face and sobbed loudly.

This time Astrid felt sorry for her. Vivienne was quiet an arrogant and overweening person, but she couldn't help to pity her. Now that Astrid had pissed herself in fear, she could understand the humiliation. And having to sit in your down in crapped pants, was one of the most terrible thinks, she could imagine.

They drove back to Kikwit. The sun was going down already.. More than an hour ride back, in a wrecked bus, smelling like feces. Finally they arrived at a large police station. As soon as they drove on the parking lot, they were surrounded by policemen. Except for Johnny everyone hurried out of the bus. When the girls stepped out of it, Johnny watched them for a while. The wetness on Astrid's butt was already dried up a bit, but there was still a small wet round patch showing.

Vivienne's pants had a large brown stain showing, up from her butt and down her left leg. The light fabric of her shorts was visibly browned. It was obvious, that the poor girl had crapped herself. Two police woman stood ready to guide the girls into the police station.

Finally Johnny stepped out of the bus, he felt all tied, all exhausted and in pain. He was staggering, couldn't even walk straight anymore. He put himself on the first bench he could find. Despite all the trouble, the police man walking around roused, the pain from his still bleeding wounds, the broken glass sticking in his skin, he closed his eyes. Within minutes or even seconds, he fell asleep. All the pain, all the noise, everything was forgotten....

“Just some Sleep...” Johnny mumbled...

*029*2016-07-27 20:58

[it took a while to write the next part... Hope it is worth reading..]

Part 16

A few days later somewhere in a city in Brabant...

Anna was pretty restless after she heard about Johnny's injury. He had to stay in Hospital for some days. It wasn't a serious injury, but serious enough to keep Anna awake at night. The tragic was, that while she was troubled, Johnny was just making jokes about it. There was no way talking with him about it. He never took something serious, not even getting shot at somewhere far away from home. When Anna told him her concerns, he just said, that it wasn't that bad. He was making jokes, that maybe some stupid dentist tried to get a new trophy.

So Anna tried to get her mind off her stupid moron-boyfriend, who was just making some stupid jokes somewhere in an African hospital, while she was nearly getting crazy.

Good for Anna, she had some friends around, who always tried to sheer her up. Samy and Fiona organized a weekend-trip.

Anna was packing her stuff on that sunny Friday morning, when the doorbell ring. When Anna opened the door, her friends where all dressed up in biking clothes and equipped with some stuffed bags.

“Let me guess... we're going on a Bike ride?” Anna asked smiling, “You should have told me! That's great, you guys! Thank You!”

“It was supposed to be a surprise, Anna!” Fiona smiled. “You got fitting clothes, right?”

“Anna got clothes for every sport... in different colors and Models” Samy giggled. “ You know she is a sports-freak”

“Okay then, I'll get my stuff and we can leave.” Anna hurried into her room and grabbed her biking stuff

“Take two outfits, right?” Samy shouted laughing , “We don't want a sweaty smelling Anna in our room!”

“Haha! I bet you would love to smell my sweat! Because you are secretly in love with me!” Anna replied and took of her shorts an panties. She grabbed her white and blue biking shorts and Jersey and quickly pulled it over. Then she grabbed her helmet an bag and head back to the others.

“Why is Anna always dressed like a professional sportswoman? I mean... seriously. Are you spending all your money on that stuff?” Fiona shook her head in disbelief

“Not only her own. I guess she made Johnny pay for it!” Samy smiled. “ But he would pay, just to see her in skintight sportswear.”

“Shut up, Girls!” Anna answered giggling. But she new Samy was right in some way. Johnny really liked her tight sportswear a lot. “Were are we riding?”

“De Maasduinen National Park. We got our hotel in a small village close to the national park” Samy replied “ I wanted to take a ride to Germany, but Fiona thought it would be too far away.”

“I just thought that 5 hours ride would be enough!” Fiona argued.

“ Who need 5 hours? Even if we drive slow, we would not need more than 4 hours...” Samy shook her head and smiled. “Miss lazy pants...”

“Okay I hope you got your mosquito spray... Lets ride on then” Anna was quiet euphoric, so the girls grabbed there bikes and ride on...

After one and a half hours, they already passed Deurne and had around half the way done....

“Girls! Can we may stop for a second?” Fiona asked with a painful look on her face.

“Whats wrong, Fio? Already exhausted?” Anna smiled and just rode on...

“Noooohooo.. Its just pinching!” Fiona explained with red cheeks

“What's pinching?” Sam giggled.

“My Panties pinching my ass, you Hyenas!” Now Fionas cheeks where burning red.

“Are you... serious? You don't wear panties underneath your bike shorts. What do you think these pads are for?” Anna laughed out loudly and pulled her bike over. Samy was laughing too.

Fiona pulled her bike over, jumped off and was tugging her panties under her bright green bike shorts.

“Your ass is eating up your panties?” Samy laughed out loud.

“That's not funny! Its pinching since we started!” Fiona's face was deeply red

“Take them off then! Why are you even wearing them anyhow?” Anna was still giggling. Seeing Fiona trying to get her panties straight was just hilarious.

“No way! I am a decent girl! I am not walking around without panties.” Fiona replied embarrassed.

“Or prudish? These shorts are made to be worn.... well.. do what you want to!” Anna just shook her head and mounted her bike “Can we go on then, Fio?”

So the girls head on... During the rest of the ride, they had a lot of fun making jokes about Fionas pinching and nipping panties.

When they finally arrived at the National park it was already past noon and the whole park was crowded by School classes from the whole area.

Accept the shouting, crying and pushing around, it was quiet a nice trip. The sun was shining brightly, the weather was hot but not too sticky. The park with all its flora and fauna was really interesting. They saw a lot of different snakes, toads and birds, even a beaver. So they spend there whole evening riding and walking through the park.. When it became dusky, they decided to get to there hotel.

“That was quiet interesting, wasn't it?” Fiona smiled.

“Yeah! It was really nice, thanks girls!” Anna was honestly happy her friends took her on that trip. It was interesting and she could get some rest from her sorrows.

“But we could get something to drink in a bar” Samy suggested.

“We shouldn't ride a bike drunk!” Fiona protested.

“Oh! Our prudish little Girl again!” Samy teased “ Is your Ma going to be angry?”

“No.. But I am just concerned about our safety” Fiona argued a bit offended.

“It's not even 2km from our Hotel... if we are too drunk to ride, we could still shove the bikes.” Anna tried to appease them.

“But..!” Fiona tried to protest again.

“No! No arguing anymore. Don't be such a scared little girl, Fio” Samy snapped at her roughly.

A few minutes later they passed a small bar. It was quiet rustic and old fashioned. The girls went inside and took a seat in the back of the room. There only was a small group of young village boys on the other side of the room and a very old man was sitting at the counter.

The girls ordered some German beer. Since the border wasn't far away it wasn't that surprising, that they had a remarkable selection of German Beer. Or maybe it was because of the landlords heritage or what ever..They thought after such a hot and exhausting day, they deserve something special. So they became a gigantic tankard of a whole liter beer.

Since all three of them, weren't some trained beer killing boozer like Johnny was, they took some time to finish there first beer. They chatted and giggled until they saw one of the guys starring towards them. Some cute tall blonde guy, with a hipster beard and a really cute smile. He was obviously searching eye contact with Samy. Samy seemed to be pleased and smiled back, but in a whole hour, the guy never tried to get closer. So the girls drank there second beer all alone...

“He is cute, isn't he?” Samy smiled towards the blonde guy.

“Yeah... go talk to him?” Fiona giggled.

“ No... I can't!” Samy replied and blushed a bit.

“Don't tell me you're shy!” Anna grinned widely.

“No way. But a guy should talk to the girl.” Samy answered.

“Maybe he is shy?” Fiona giggled again..

After a while the bartender came with a round of Tequila. “It's from the blonde guy over there.. “

So they drank the spend Tequila and sheered towards the guys. It seemed that the other guys tried to persuade their shy friend, but without success. So the girls decided to pay and leave. It was already dark when they left the Bar..

“Is the reception still open? How do we get our keys..?” Fiona asked Samy, her cheeks where slightly red and her movements a bit shaking.

“I've got a code... there is no Key..” Samy giggled, a bit tipsy.

Anna was quiet happy to prop herself on her bike, because she felt quiet tipsy on her own.

The girls where shoving the bikes down the main street of the small town, when they heard a voice from behind.

“Excuse me! Sorry!” the blond guy was running after them.

Samy turned around and smiled, the others shove there bikes aside.

“Sorry.. I am Jan and.. well … I am a bit shy.. but.. I just wanted to ask your name..”

“I am Samy. Nice to meet you” Samy replied with a smile, “after you invited us to a drink”

“Is this going to be some serious flirting?” Fiona whispered to Anna and pressed her lips together.

“Maybe... Why? He seemed nice..” Anna whispered back.

“No... Nothing..” Fiona answered and bit teeth together.

So Samy really did some serious flirting... But Anna noticed that Fiona was getting quiet uneasy. She was wiggling around and slightly stepping from foot to foot.

Anna turned over and whispered “ Are you Okay..?”

“Yeah... it's nothing...” Fiona replied shaky.

“Are your panties pinching again?” Anna giggled a bit.

“Noo... I just need to... you know.. need to go..” Fiona blushed a bit.” And Samy got the code...”

“Okay, don't worry. I need a bathroom too... I will ask Samy for the code and we'll go ahead.” Anna wasn't lying about it. She could feel her own bulging bladder inside her. “ Samy? Can we get the code please? We.. will give you some privacy and go ahead, okay?”

“Can't you wait a bit longer?” Samy rolled her eyes. “I am talking to Jan right now..”

“No Samy.. really.. were all tied and a bit tipsy.. just.. give me the code, okay?” Anna replied.

Samy rolled her eyes again and took a small paper out of her bag with a code written on it. “It's a bungalow hotel.. A kilometer down the main road... “

“Thanks Samy! Have fun, but don't be too late, will you?” Anna turned around and grabbed her bike. “Let's go,Fio!”

“ Are you sure, we can leave her alone with that guy?” Fiona asked concerned.

“Seriously?” Anna smiled a bit “Samy is tough, she could beat that guy up, if he tried anything funny... And.... I think, that you would ruin the atmosphere, peeing your shorts next to them..”

“That's not funny, Anna!” Fiona gasped “ I am about to leak...!”

“Keep walking.. we are almost there! I am bursting too..” Anna replied and looked at her friend with some concern.

Fiona was shoving her bike with one hand, while she was already holding her crotch with the other one. She pressed her hand firmly against her green padded bike shorts. Her ass was slightly wiggling in desperation. Her strawberry blonde her was covering her tensed face. She was wearing those bright green bike shorts and a tight white sport top. With every step, her movements seemed more shaking. After some more steps, Fiona started whimpering.

“I am not gonna make it... I am not gonna make it..” Fiona whimpered desperately, tears were filling up her eyes, “ I am not gonna make it....”

“Stop saying that...!” Anna mumbled silently, she was in trouble herself and Fiona's mantra was not helping. The beer filled up her bladder quickly and now she was bulging and about to explode. To prevent an accident, she pushed her hand against her own crotch too. She was wearing a blue bike shorts and a blue and white cycling jersey. The fabric of her padded shorts felt a bit damped between her fingers, but she wasn't quite sure if it was sweat or if she already leaked a bit.

Shoving the bike onward became more and more dreadful.

“I am gonna leak... Seriously... I am about to leak..” Fiona whimpered again and again until Anna just couldn't bare it anymore.

“Seriously stop it, Fiona! You're making me crazy.. I am bursting too...” Anna stopped walking ans clenched her teeth annoyed. “ Your whining doesn't help... Please stop it … Or... “

Anna stopped out of a sudden. A strong wave of desperation hit her at once. She felt all her muscles clenching and cramping. She turned pale, when she realized in pure horror, the warm wetness between her fingers, soaking trough the pad. She tried to clench her bladder muscles again to regain control, but there was no chance. The urge was just unbearable. A large stream of pee was cascading down her muscular legs and filling up her shoes. She could feel the warm wetness spreading down her legs and up to her small tight ass. Even in the dim light of the street lamp, the embarrassing wetness was visibly darkening the fabric of her blue bike shorts. When the stream subsided, there was a large puddle around her feet. Her face was red with shame.

“Ohh... No... “ Anna cried out in embarrassment. “No.. no!” She shook her head in disbelief. “I wet myself..”

“I.. Am Sorry, Anna..” Fionas jaw dropped down, seeing her friend uncontrollably pissing herself. “ I am really sorry.. Erm.. but.. Can.. can we move on? I … Dont want to.. You know..?”

Anna just nodded and shove her bike onward again, her head was hanging down in shame. Her shoes where soaked, warm and heavy. Her shorts were all wet and the padded crotch of her bike shorts felt warm and wet on her private parts.

“Let's hurry... Our Bungalow should be Number 3...” Fiona mumbled and squeezed herself tigthly. “Its.. over there! The door. Quick!”

Anna just pushed the bike against the wall and hurried to the door. She looked at the paper and checked the code. Samy had a terrible handwriting

“5478” She mumbled and pushed the buttons. “What..? Denied!”

“What? Give me the code...” Fiona rushed to the door and snatched the paper. She was desperately jumping from one foot on the other, hammering the code into the console. “What? Denied?! She wrote down the wrong code! Shit!”

Tears were running down Fionas cheeks, her face turned tomato-like red and she started whimpering.

“Hey.. ! Just try it again, Fio” Anna tried to comfort her “ There is no reason to cry..”

Fiona cowered her face with both hands and started to cry. “I can't hold it anymore..!”

Anna looked downwards and bit her lips. With a pitiful sobbing Fiona gave up the fight. At first, there was only a small patch darkening at the crotch of Fiona's green shorts, followed by a small trickle, running down her long legs. But a few seconds later, the pee was gushing down her legs, soaking the fabric of her shorts and hitting the floor with a splashing sound.

“Noo....Noo..” Fiona was sobbing, while she wet herself completely. “No... What..shall we do now..? I don't want to be seen like this..!”

“I.. I don't know. I mean.. don't worry..Okay? At least you weren't the only one in wet shorts, right?” Anna tried to calm her down a bit. “Samy will be here soon, she will know the code...”

“Why can't Samy even write like a normal person?” Fiona sobbed. “ I am not even sure if this is a 5..!”

“Maybe it's a 6?” Anna tried to cheer her up with a smile, but her totally pissed shorts were quiet ruining her mood. She turned to the console and tried 6478 as a code and a buzzing appeared.

“Accepted..?” Anna pushed the door open and started giggling and even Fiona smiled a bit. “It was a six!”

“Let's lock up the bikes and get inside, before anyone sees us..” Fiona turned around and locked the bikes together. “I really need a shower..”

“Me too!” Anna giggled and went inside the bungalow. “ And I will go first!”

“Hope you like sharing! Because I don't wanna stay in pee stained shorts till you get yourself clean!” Fiona announced and followed her inside the bungalow.

…

…

[Maybe there will be a second part of it, with Samy coming back and the second day.. But it will may take a while..]

*031*2016-09-12 10:08

[It took a while. I am not quiet happy with my english skills right now, but I hope it's still worth reading.]

Part 17

...

A few hours later, the girls had taken a shower and cleaned their clothes, but there was still no sign of Samy. But Anna and Fiona were quiet sure, that nothing would have happened to their friend. Samy was pretty tough and could handle herself. So they both went to sleep after a while. Fiona slept on a folding couch in the living room, while Anna had the double bed for her own, at least till Samy would be back.

Maybe it was because of the beer, but Anna found herself in a really strange dream that night. She often had seriously strange dreams, when she was drinking. It was one of those dreams, that still felt real, despite its surrealistic content.

Anna dreamed, that she was walking down a long tunnel, she could clearly see a metal grid blocking the gate at the end of the tunnel. The walls where made of carved sandstone and the floor was just sand. When Anna looked down to the floor, she realized the was wearing some sandals. But no modern sandals at all. But all of her clothes were pretty strange. She was wearing sandals, blue tartan pants, a light leather vest, a oval shield, a Gaulish helmet, a sword and a spear. She was dressed like a gaulish warrior? Or at least, what she expected to be the clothing of a gaul warrior. If she would tell her dream to Johnny, he would criticized her dream for being unhistorical as Ridley Scott's Gladiator. But right now, she was a somehow Gaulish warrior walking down a dark tunnel towards the light at the end of it.

When she arrived at the gate, she could hear shouting and sheering from the other side of it and saw a round sandy field on the other side of the grid. Out of a sudden the grid was lifted and gate was open. When Anna walked towards the gate, she was blinded by the light. She blinked a few times and looked around. She found herself standing in an Arena. People where shouting and sheering from the gallery above her. The people were shouting her name, like she was a champion.

Anna looked around and saw no opponent in the arena. But now she was pretty sure, that she was a gladiatrix. Anna the Strong, Anna the Mighty. And it felt quiet good to be sheered at, to bath in the applause of the masses. That's what she always wanted, to be a champion. While she was enjoying her applause, Anna didn't realize that the gate behind her was closing again.

Then she heard a loud murmur from the ranks. Anna looked trough the arena again... And there she saw her opponent, a gigantic woman, dressed in a leather armor and armed with shield, spear and a sword on her belt. Even in the distance, the woman seemed to be a giant. Her her was blond and tied up to a Suebian knot. Anna felt a queasy tingle down her tummy, when she saw that giant walking at her.

But before her opponent even crossed the arena halfway, the giant woman threw her spear at Anna. Anna could just lift up her shield in time to block the spear. But the spear pierced trough her shield and nearly hit her still. The impact was so hard, Anna was stumbling a few steps backward. Anna looked at her shield and huffed. How could she beat a gigantic Valkyrie like that?

When she looked up again, her opponent was already approaching with full speed. Anna was caught unaware, not expecting that this gigantic woman would be so fast, Anna got nearly hit by deadly swords blow. She dodged the blow and lifted up her shield again. But when the giants sword hit her already damaged shield, it just broke it into pieces. Anna stumbled backward again tried hard to keep her enemy at distance with her spear.

Anna could feel her heart pounding wildly, she felt could sweat running down her neck. It was fear, she felt. And while Anna was trying her best to keep her frightening opponent on distance, the crowd on the gallery was booing and shouting out dissatisfied. Anna the Strong, the great Champion of the arena, wasn't doing soo well right now.

Anna dropped the rest of her broken shield and tried to flank her opponent with the spear, but the giant woman dodged her blow and smacked her shiled against Annas flank. Anna stumbled again, clenching her teeth in pain. Within a second the giant woman was at her again, swinging her sword at Anna. Anna tried to dodge the attack, but the sword still hit her helmet. Anna fell to the ground, the blow was so hard, it ripped of her helmet and send it flying trough the arena. Anna's ears were ringing and she felt disoriented. Anna dropped her spear and quickly crawled out of her opponents reach. When she got back on her feet, Anna felt her knees shaking.

The giant woman was just standing there, with an awful grin at her face.

“Scared, little girl?” her voice was just as terrifying as her appearance, a deep and growling voice.

“N...No!” Anna answered, but her voice was shaking and squeaky. “I am a champion and not afraid at all!”

“We'll see...” the giant just dropped her shield to the ground and slowly walked towards Anna.

Anna grabbed for her sword and prepared herself to defend the coming attack. She tried hard to get herself under control again, but still her knees were shaking.

Anna dodged the first blow and blocked the second one, before she tried to flank out her opponent and launch a counter attack. But Anna was out of luck. The Suebian giant just grabbed her hair and tossed her harshly towards the center of the arena. Anna stumbled and could just stay on her feet. Anna lifted her sword again, but the blade was shaking, because Anna was shaking in fear. That gigantic Valkyrie was simply superior. How could she have a chance to beat her. Anna felt her face getting hot, while some cold shiver run down her back. Her guts were cramping, her knees shaking, tears of despair filled her eyes.

The crowd was still booing and shouting out in anger. Anna looked around, but there was no place to run, nothing that could help her against this nightmare.

With full force, the giant woman attacked her again. Anna tried hard to block the blow with her own sword, but the pure force of her opponents strike just kicked her sword out of her sweaty hands. Anna stumbled backwards and watched her sword sliding trough the sand of the arena.

Anna was done, she was unarmed, scared and exhausted, while her opponent was a full armed giant of at least two meters height.

Tears run down her pale cheeks, her knees still shaking, Anna was to scared to move. “Please...” she whispered. Anna had lost, not only to her gigantic opponent, but also to fear. She couldn't hold back the tears anymore. And when the giant lifted up her sword, it even get worth.

Anna could feel the wetness spreading at her crotch and down her legs. A large stream of warm pee, was running down her legs. She couldn't help it, she was just soo scared, she pissed all over her tartan pants, the warm wetness spreading down her shaking legs.

When the giant warrior saw the dark wet patch spreading on Anna's tartan pants and a puddle forming on the sand between her sandals, she started laughing loudly.

“Your Champion is pissing herself!” She shouted out loudly towards the audience; “Anna the Strong, your mighty Champion is pissing herself in front of all of you!”

The crowd started laughing, some were still booing at Anna, others shouting at her with disgust.

Anna was standing in the middle of the arena, shaking with fear and her blue tartan pants soaking wet with her own urine.

Then her opponent lifted up her sword for the final and deadly blow. The last thing Anna saw, was the heavy sword moving quickly towards her face.

Then she wake up in shock. Her heart was pounding heavily.

“Told you it would work!” Anna heard a familiar female voice.

Anna looked around, she was in the bungalows bedroom, Fiona and Samy were standing at the side of the Bed, Fiona had a glass bowl filled with water in her hands, both girls were giggling wildly. It took a while for Anna to realize, that it was all a dream. She didn't die in the arena. There was no arena... But.. there was something wet around her ass and legs. She looked down in terror and saw large puddle on her sheets. Her blue boyshorts were soaking wet up to her waist. She quickly realized that she had just wet the bed.

“uhh gross!” Samy giggled. “You wet your bed! Uhh!”

“I..I.. “ Anna stuttered ; “How..?”

“Samy came home and woke me up..” Fiona giggled; “We just wanted to try out the Hand-in-Water-Trick”

“And it worked out!” Samy was laughing out loudly, “You pissed all over yourself!”

“That's not funny!” Anna whimpered and jumped out of the wet bed.

“Yes it is!” Samy giggled. While Anna took of her wet panties.

“Iam gonna have my revenge...” Anna growled

“ Okay, but fist you gonna have a shower! ” Fiona laughed out loudly.

Under the laughter of the other girls, Anna head to bathroom to take a shower and plan her revenge...

*033*2016-10-19 19:44

Part 18 a

A few days passed... But still Anna had her mind on revenge. Even when she was shopping groceries. She wanted to make both of them pay. They made her wet her bed and laughed about her. She still felt the shame of peeing herself twice on one single evening. But she would be the one laughing at last. But there was a problem. She just didn't know how she could get her revenge.

Like every day, she was video-chatting with Johnny. His injuries weren't that bad, so he already recovered. But still he had these scars.... Johnny had himself grown a full beard and shaved his head bald. With the beard, the scars and the sun browned skin, he looked like a totally different person. Even more rough, mysterious and wild.

They talked a while, about Johnny's work, his condition after the assault and why he still didn't regret his agreement to work with the professor. Even after nearly getting shot, Johnny hadn't lost his smile, his humor and his positive way of thinking.

But there was something else lurking trough Anna's mind. Even in these rare and happy moments, she had this dark desire. Revenge. She just couldn't abandon this feeling. She knew, that Samy and Fiona were her friends, but this humiliation could not be unanswered . So she told Johnny everything. How she couldn't hold it anymore and peed her cycling pants and also how the other girls made her pee all over her bed on the very same night. He told him about her dream, her revenge plans, about the humiliation she was feeling, just everything.

And Johnny? He just smiled.

“You peed your pants twice a day..? This is seriously going to be a habit, you know?”, Johnny just shook his head with a smile; “Since I know you, you had a lot of wetting accidents. That's no big deal.. Why are you so angry about it..?”

“It was humiliating! They made me pee the bed. In a Hotel! I am quiet sure the hotel maid saw the mess and reported it to the Hotel management. They will tell story about that one customer who wet her bed!”, Anna was furious about it; “I couldn't even do something to prevent it! And they laughed about it!”

Johnny smiled again and shook his head. “ And now? Do you want them to wet themselves? Revenge ain't gonna make it undone. It just happened, they are your friends, just get over it.”

“I am not gonna forget it!” Anna raised her fist into the air. “ I will get my revenge. They won't get away with that!”

“Okay! Okay! But just don't let this escalate, right? They are still your friends, right?” Johnny tried to calm her down; “ Do not destroy a friendship with your revenge, okay?”

“Yeah, I won't …. “ Anna muttered , “ I even don't know how to avenge me...”

“Can't you just use the same trick on them? On a slumber-party?” Johnny suggested “Or scare them?”

“A slumber-party wouldn't work.. they would be alarmed and expecting my revenge..” Anna shook her head, “ But maybe I could scare them so hard, they would wet themselves...”

“Great.. but how?” Johnny giggled, “ I don't think it would be enough to jump around the corner and shout 'Buh!'”

“I've got an idea for Fiona.. She is easy to scare, that's not a big challenge. She is super scared by spiders..” Anna considered, “But I don't know how to scare Samy... Do you know something?”

“Spiders won't work on Samy. You know, she got an elder brother. And as far as I know, not even he could scare her so much, that she would pee herself.” Johnny tried hard to remember, “ No... Her brother often tickled her, but as far as I remember, she kept her pants dry...”

“ So you got no idea..?” Anna asked, but Johnny just shook his head.

Anna sighed. “Well.. then I will get Fiona first.”

“There is a Shop for Joke articles and masks in the city.. May you'll get a scary mask there?” Johnny remarked and shook his head smiling again.

“So I will get my revenge...” Anna announced with an evil grin on her face..

Anna had to plan her revenge on Fiona. On the next day, she visited the shop Johnny mentioned. She bought all the stuff she needed for the payback. And afterwards she drove outside the city. Anna knew that like on every Monday, Fiona would be at a farm giving horse-riding lessons. From 6p.m. To 8p.m. So it would be near dawn when Fiona would have finished her lesson.

And when Anna arrived during the last minutes of the lesson, she saw Fiona in the riding hall. She was wearing a white polo shirt, some tight light tanned jodhpurs and some knee high black riding boots. Her curly strawberry blonde hair was falling down to her shoulders. Fiona was teaching some teenage girls how to ride properly and paid no attention to something else but the girls on the horses. So Anna could easily sneak into the stall. There were 3 horse boxes, but all of them were empty. Anna knew, that Fiona would let the girls unsaddle and clean the horses after the lesson, while she was the first to inspect the boxes. So there was a small time window to get Fiona alone and with no horses around. 

Anna couldn't scare her while there are horses around, that would be to dangerous for people and horses. Anna climbed up the boxes wall and put a small basket on top of it, putting the stuff she bought earlier inside it. Then she knotted a thin string on it and trow the reel with the other end of the string over a ceiling beam and went into the second box next to the first one. If Anna would pull the string, the basket would fall all over Fiona. Anna waited a while, an evil grin on her face.

When Fiona finally arrived, Anna had an evil surprise for her. Fully unaware Fiona went into the first box. Just a moment later, Anna pulled the string. The basket fall down from the edge of the wall and emptied his contend all over Fiona. A large amount of plastic spiders landed on her hair and shoulders. But not just some crappy little plastic spiders, they were looking authentic!

Not even a second later, Fiona was screaming in panic.

“AHH! Spiders!!” Fiona screamed wildly and rushed out of the box, nearly stumbling. “They are all over me! Ahh! They are in my hair!”

Anna giggled and peeked out of her hiding place. Fiona tried to get the plastic spiders out of her hair, jumping around to get them off her body. She was terrified, crying out in fear. Still black spiders on her hair and shoulders.

“Spiders! Help!” Fiona cried out in panic.

Anna watched her with growing amusement. And a few moments later, she saw a dark patch appearing on Fiona's light tanned jodhpurs. A first spurt just went into her pants, soaking trough the light fabric of her pants. In lasting terror, Fiona couldn't stop the next, much bigger spurt from leaking into her pants. The wetness was spreading continuously on her crotch. A few moments later two girls, Fiona's riding students, ran into the stall, alarmed by the screaming. But after the first moment of shock, the girls didn't intend to help their frightened teacher. They watched the scene with pure disbelief.

It took even some more long seconds, till Fiona got rid off those plastic spiders. She was still shaking and her heart was pounding heavily.

“Spiders..! They were everywhere!” Fiona whispered weepy.

Then one of the girls pointed her finger accusingly at Fiona. “Awww! You're peeing yourself! Gross!”

Fionas face turned from white to dark red, she looked down and saw the mess. There was a dark wet patch showing on the light fabric of her Jodhpurs. The wetness has spread from her her crotch over the inside of her tights. Still some drops dripped from her soaked crotch to a small puddle between her riding boots. She saw the black spiders swimming in the puddle and finally realized, that they were just plastic.

Fiona bursts into tears. She just peed herself in front of her students.

“Get Out! Get Out now!” Fiona shouted and started whining.” Please.. just get out!”

The girls ran out of the stall, closing the door behind them. Fiona covered her face with her hands and cried out, totally humiliated. That was the moment, when Anna started to feel guilty. Fiona was one of her best friends and she had humiliated her in front of others. Anna gulped and stepped out of the box. The guilt was pushing her head down. She felt terrible.

“I.. I am Sorry, Fiona” Anna mumbled.

“What!? Anna?! Why?!” Fiona was angry but still crying, “ You nearly scared me to death!”

“ I know... Fiona, seriously... I...I am Sorry!”Anna asserted.

“So? I pissed myself in front of my students! What do you think they will tell there parents?” Fiona puffed angry. “ Hey Parents – My riding teacher just wet her jodhpurs today! Why did you do that to me?!”

“B.. because you.. you know... you made me wet the bed and laughed at me..” Anna mumbled, “ I.. just wanted revenge. It escalated, I am sorry.”

“Oh … Yeah... Hrmm” Fiona rubbed her neck. “ I guess it wasn't that funny to … make you wet the bed.”

“ I am really sorry!” Anna asserted , “ No more revenge plans, I swear.”

“ Yeah.. I guess we all had enough, right?” Fiona tried to smile. “Can you lock the door?”

“Yeah sure.” Anna walked towards the door and locked it.

When the door was locked, Fiona turned around and opened her locker, pulling a bag out of it.

“Good to have spare clothes with you...” Fiona sighed. “ I really hoped I wont need them.”

She put some old sport shoes, an old pair of jeans and some white cotton panties out of the bag.

“Turn around” Fiona ordered, “ I hoped I would only need them, if I would have fallen into mud or something.. Not peeing myself.”

Anna turned around, while Fiona slipped out off her boots and peeled herself out of her pissed jodhpurs and soaked black panties. Then she cleaned herself with some tissues and pulled her spare clothes on. She put the wet pants and panties into an old plastic back and trow it back into the locker.

“Let's get the horses...” Fiona sighed again.

When they opened the door, the girls and there parents where already waiting to bring the horses back into the boxes. When Fiona went out off the stall, she could hear the whispering.

“That's our teacher, Ma.. She was covered in spiders and peed all over herself. It was soo gross” One of the girls told her mother. " Her pants were soaked, Ma! Down to her Boots! I saw it!"

Anna helped her friend to get the horses back into the boxes, because the parents were already waiting and she didn't wanted the students around by now, they send them home.

“Shall I bring you home, Fiona?” Anna asked her, when they feed the last horse. “ I guess you don't want to take the bus right now..?”

“That would be nice.... Thanks Anna” Fiona tried to smile, but she was still down. “And.. I am not mad at you... okay?”

“Thanks.. I am sorry it escalated so much..” Anna replied “I swear … no more revenge!”

“Okay..!” Fiona giggled a bit. “ But you know it was all Samy's idea... right?”

“No more revenge...” Anna shook her head, “ …. or what do you think..?”

“Well... “ Fiona grinned “... I guess maybe..”

And so Anna found a companion for her revenge on Samy....

*035*2017-04-01 15:09

Intermezzo Part 19.

“Only a few more days”, Anna told herself. A few days, until Johnny would be back home. A few days and this nightmare would be over. For days she couldn't sleep well. She was nervous, always on the edge. Will she finally meet her Johnny? Without any unwelcome interference, no catastrophes and no more drama?

How could she think about anything else but that? She totally forgot, that she wanted to avenge herself, to learn for her exams and even to go do her normal sports routine. Anna couldn't keep her mind on something else but Johnny's return.

So finally, after some sleepless nights, she was exhausted. Her eyes where surrounded by dark rings, her skin was pale and she looked seriously ill. Over 60 hours without some proper sleep made her a walking dead. So she decided to search a sleeping pill. She went to the bathroom and searched Johnny's pills for something helpful. Finally she found some pills. She was pretty sure, that these pills weren't even allowed in the European union, but the enticement of some hours of sleep was just too much. Maybe she should have known better, but she just swallowed one of the pills with a large glass of water.

She wasn't expecting, that the pill would work within a few minutes, so she went back to the living room to watch a film. She grabbed one of Johnny's strange science fiction DVDs and turned on the television. She felt so tied, she didn't paid any attention at all. She didn't even know the films title. It was some dark science fiction film, played in some futuristic big city, where people live in Slums on the bottom of some urban canyons, where Smog and skyscrapers conceal any sign of the sky. Harrison Ford played some sort of an special detective, searching something, or was is someone?

Anna went more and more sleepy and finally fell asleep.

… Suddenly she found herself walking. Walking through a crowded street. Large buildings on both sides of the narrow street, no sunlight, dirt, smog and flickering neon lights, dominated the area. Anna could smell the mixture of dirt, strange food and smog in the cold air. She looked around into strange and unfriendly faces. She remembered that she had a mission, to search someone. She remembered, that she had a partner. But where was her partner? She looked around, bot no one seemed familiar to her. She pushed her way trough the crowded streets, along some dirty old food stalls and small undefinable stores. In one of the windows she saw a mirror. For a few seconds she remained and watched herself in the mirror.

She had strange red dyed hair, a haircut peoples in the Nineties would find futuristic- She wore a heavy leather jacked, some tight beige pants, a white T-shirt and black heavy boots. When she shove her Jacked aside, she found a holster with a pistol inside. All of her clothes felt synthetic, the leather and even the fabric of her pants, nothing felt natural. But Anna didn't realize that she was dreaming. Why should she? Right now, it felt quiet familiar. Like it would all belong like this.

“Will you stop dawdling?” She heard a mans voice from behind. “I don't wanted a partner who spend his time watching herself in the mirror....I did'nt asked for a partner anyhow..”

Anna turned around quickly. “Sorry, Gaff!” She answered out of reflex. Yes, she knew it all the time, her partners Name was Gaff. A tall man, with a large moustache, a fancy drench coat and dark hat. He also had a cane, what gave him the aura of an mysterious nobleman. But Anna also remembered, that her Partner didn't like her at all. He was a dick, mocking her for being a rookie. And he was always complaining, that the only Partner, that was worth to be called Partner was someone named Rick, or Nick Deckard... Some Oldschool Bounty Hunter, who send more Andy's into retirement than anybody else.

Anna's main job was to carry the 'Machine'. Gaff was the one doing the Tests and getting the rewards for the work. The Machine, of Course. Anna quickly looked over her shoulder, just to find her backpack, where she left it. In that black army-stile bagpack was the Voigt-Kampff-machine, some special machine, used to detect androids using the special Voigt-Kampff-Test. But Anna never used it on her own. Gaff always let her wait outside the room, because he said, that she would spoil his concentration with her rookie-stench.

“Get yourself moving, Rookie.” he said with his patronizingly warm voice. “ That Android is somewhere around here. See that Laundry over there? He should be working over there. He calls himself Joe Buster. A large guy with the appearance of a Bulldog. He was made to bend iron and had experience as a soldier, so don't get into my way, Okay?”

“Okay! Okay!” Anna rolled her eyes, “ Iam not that incapable!”

“Is that so..? Do You want to test this individual then..?” her partner gave er a slyly smile. “Your first one?”

“Yeah! I Can do that!” Anna replied with a smile.

When they entered the old laundry, Anna's heart was beating wildly. Not only, because of her nervousness, but also because this place was scary. It was on the ground floor of a decrepit old apartment house. They walked though the dark and muggy laundry hall into a small shady backroom.

“We are searching for.. Joe.. Joe Buster.” Anna announced loudly. And before she could say something else, a large man jumped off his desk threw a laundry bag at her and ran out of the back door.

“Thats him. Well done, Mrs.Smartass. Your client. Better run fast.” Gaff smiled angrily and Anna knew, that she blew up the whole situation.

“Shit!” Anna startet running as fast as she could. “Stop right there! Joe Buster – Stop!”

She followed the tall beefy guy through dark and angled floors and followed him into the 5th floor, before she could finale cornered him. Anna pulled out her pistol and aimed for the man.

“Stop right there, or I will shoot.” Anna shouted loudly, while she tried hard to get some breath.

“ Okay Okay! I Give up.” the man said and raised his hands upon the air.

A few minutes later, Gaff trotted towards them, looked around and opened one of the apartment rooms. “This one is empty. Get him inside.”

“How do you know that..?” Anna was quiet surprised, that her partner just found out, that the apartment next to her was not only empty, but also the door was unlocked.

“Because I use my eyes not give someone amazed looks, I investigate.” Gaff shook his head and turned on the dimmed lights inside the tattered deserted apartment. He pushed some junk off an old table and putted two chairs towards it. “Sit down and test him. Don't break the machine.”

“I won't! Iam not a moron.” Anna pulled out the machine and placed it on the table. “Mr. Buster, take a seat in front of me.”

Anna started the machine, while Gaff was standing just behind her, like a dark and cruel shadow.

“Okay it's working.” Anna was nervous, but tried hard to let no one notice. She started with the typical starting questions. Name, heritage, Age and so on... She was sure, that Joe Buster was lying all the time, but only the empathy-questions could confirm her suspicion.

“Okay. Mr.Buster... You walk around the streets and then you see a young boy crying. Next to the Boy, there is a broken doll. What do you do?” Anna watched the eruptions on the screen of the machine, while the beefy guy in front of her was getting more confused.

“Why is he crying? Did I do something to him?” Joe Buster answered with a smoky and dark voice. “Why is the Boy Crying?”

“Mr. Buster, what are you doing..? What do you feel..?” Anna asked him more harshly.

“Why do you ask me this..?! I don't want to answer this!” the big man's hands embraced the heavy tabletop.

“Please Mr. Buster... Answer the questions.” Anna watched the lines on the machine fascinated and left her opponent unobserved.

Within a second, the big man had thrown over the heavy table, burring Anna and her machine underneath it. Before Gaff could interfere, Joe had broken off one of the tables legs and knocked him out cold. Anna was in shock, when her partner hit the dirty apartment floor and she let out a helpless high pitched scream. “UAAIII!”

Anna tried to get out of her trap, but that table was just too heavy, what made Joes enormous strength even more terrifying. He crapped the table and easily threw it aside. Anna tried to rob away from him and fingered for her Pistol, as a large Hand grabbed her neck and pulled her off the floor. When she pulled out her pistol, the second hand grabbed her own one and closed with the force of clamp. The pain was unbearable, tears filled her eyes, and the pistol fall out of her hand.

“Pl..please.. y...you'll brake...my hand” Anna whimpered.

“ And you tried to kill me..?” the tall man released her hand and pushed her against the rooms wall. “Why do you want to kill us? Because we are not like you?”

“Y..You are.. a thread.. …..a thread.. to... humans..” Anna whimpered in pure terror, the big hand around her neck made breathing seriously difficult.

“ Is that so? Humans nearly destroyed their own race in a nuclear war. Degrading themselves to animals and poisoned their own world. And we are the thread?!” Joe's nose wigs were heavily trembling.

“Please... ..let me..go..” Tears ran down her cheeks, her body was shaking in fear. “It's my first job.. I am a Rookie, please! I never killed an Andy..!”

“That's how you call us..?” the big man crapped the table-leg and lifted it up again. Anna was panicking, was she really expecting some mercy from an Android?

“Please... don't kill me..!” Anna sobbed and cried out in fear. She felt a small warm spurt of pee tinkling into her white briefs, then the warmth of the wet synthetic fabric on her skin. “Please, I ..I Don't want to die!” She cried out terribly.

“ Do you think, that we want to die..?” Joe swung the table-leg like a club and smacked it loudly against the wall next to Anna's head. She shrieked in fear and another spurt of pee escaped into her already wet briefs, forming a dark wet patch on the crotch of her tight beige pants. First just a small patch, not bigger than a small coin, but the overwhelming fear made her loose another spurt, then another and finally she was peeing herself in full stream. The warm pee was pouring down her shaking legs, over her heavy boots and dribbled on the floor underneath her. The warm wetness spread across her legs, soaking the synthetic fabric of her pants and creating a most humiliating wetness on her pants. Her crotch, her legs down to her ankles and even her ass was soaked in that warm humiliating wetness of her own pee.

“As long as we are considered alive, you must be considered a killer.” Joe glanced at her with angry eyes, lifting up the club again. “A killer, wetting all over herself when faced with her own death. Let's end this miserability.”

Anna closed her eyes in terror, while a last spurt of pee rewetted her briefs. She expected her head to be smacked in, when a she heard a loud shot. Out of a sudden she was released and dropped hard into the warm puddle under her. She was shaking in fear and it took some seconds, before she opened her eyes. She saw the dead body of Joe Buster on the floor in front of her, his head was covered in blood. Quickly she pushed herself away from the body and looked around. Gaff was standing a few feet away from her, his gun in his hand.

“ You are such a disgrace, Rookie. Did you just pissed yourself? Am I your Babysitter?” he barfed angrily. “That's why I hate partners. The machine is broken and I can't get that smell of your piss out of my nose. Good Luck for you, that there is a Laundry down there. I will wait outside and get something to eat. You, not house trained Rookie, clean yourself up and get the Andy out of here.”

Her partner didn't had another second to lose and left her sitting in a puddle of her own pee, sobbing, humiliated and terrified. And how could she alone get this giant of a man out of the building. She just closed her eyes and cried silently.....

That's when Anna finally woke up. It was just a dream. Again, a really tangible one. But when she looked around, she was in her living room again, on her couch, the television was showing its standby screen. Anna still felt deadly tied, but there was something else.... something.. warm and.. wet?!

She looked down at herself and froze in terror. Her blue shorts were drenched in urine, her white shirt was wet all up to her breast and the couch was soaking wet. She had pissed herself in sleep – Again. Anna couldn't believe it. She, a grown woman, had just pissed herself in sleep. Not only a few drops, she just peed all over herself and the couch. What if this would become a habit? She felt so humiliated, but was just too tied to do anything about it. A few seconds later, her eyes were closing again and she fell asleep... She was soo tied she just kept on sleeping, in her soaked clothing , lying on a pee stained couch. But she could sleep at last...

[Yeah... it was just some sort of a bladerunner fanfic....]

*038*2017-05-16 12:45

Part 20

Fiona was late, already 20 minutes behind. Anna was sitting in the kitchen, when her mobile phone rang, it was Fiona.

“Hey Anna! I'am at the Golden Temple, do you want something to eat too?” Fiona asked her on the phone.

“Hi! No thanks, Fiona.” Anna wrinkled her nose, “ You better go to another restaurant, seriously. The Golden Temple is the worst Chinese restaurant in town. Even Johnny said, that its crappy and don't want to eat there.”

“Oh come on! It's shabby-chick.” Fiona giggled. “Old tattered Restaurants with familiarly atmosphere are trendy. There even is an old dog in here. Soo cute!”

“There is no good reason for a dog to be in a restaurant....” Anna tried to persuade her.

“His name is Barney!” Fiona giggled again. “Soo cute, he only has three legs. Poor old dog..!”

“ If food poisoning ain't trendy, get out of there. A three legged dog ain't a good sign.” Anna rolled her eyes. Sometimes Fiona was just a dumb hungry idiot. When she was hungry, her brain totally failed. She would walk into the first restaurant that comes to her sight.

“ I already ordered! It will be alright. The cook is really funny. I don't know what he is talking, but he looks funny.” Fiona giggled again, “ Five more minutes, okay? See you then! Bye!”

“Yeah... Bye, Fiona..” Anna shook her head and hang up her phone. “ I hope I don't have to pick her up in the hospital..”

Finally eight minutes later the doorbell rang and Fiona was at the door. A Noodle-box in her every hand. “I brought you some spring rolls. You need to stay strong! We won't stop shopping, just because you're hungry!”

“I had some lunch, thanks Fiona. But.. do you really think it's a good idea..?” Anna grabbed her leather jacked and slipped into her boots.

“When Johnny comes home again, you should surprise him. So buying some hot lingerie is a good idea.” Fiona grabbed herself a fork and followed Anna to the car. “ Do you even got something else than sport-bras?”

“Johnny likes my stuff... “ Anna replied. “But I...

“He loves you, that's why he loves everything.” Fiona interrupted her. “ That doesn't mean, that you don't need something hot in your wardrobe. Or do you think, your wrestling suit would look good under a dress..?”

“ Okay Okay! You convinced me. Do you want to eat at my place or in the car?” Anna already opened the car.

“ I can eat on the run.” Fiona jumped into the car and started eating. “ Sure you don't want something?”

“Yeah... I am sure... it smells like they cooked the dog... Uhh..” Anna wrinkled her nose.

“ It is tasty!” Fiona replied already eating.

It was a two hours ride to the lingerie outlet store. It was a storage hall in an industrial area. From the outside, it just looked like a normal storehouse. But inside, there were shelves of underwear. Panties, Bra's and even a smaller section of fetish underwear.

For Fiona it was some sort of a fun park, she had an adorable figure, slim with larger breasts, but Anna felt herself misplaced. Buying lingerie was a big problem for her, she was muscular, more than average, with broad shoulders and a muscular back, but only smaller breasts. Of Course, she was sporty, but not like one of those hardcore bodybuilders, but still she could hardly find something her size. Not only that Anna liked sports underwear, it was pretty hard to find something else fitting, without looking like She-Hulk on anabolics.

And after not even half an hour, Fiona fell into a shopping spree, while Anna hadn't found anything. It was frustrating, nothing seemed to fit. It took Anna nearly two hours to find something. At least!

A nice black Push up-Bra with some laces on top and a fitting pair of panties.

In the same time Fiona bought a whole bunch of stuff. But Anna was satisfied, one pair was more than she expected, for a good price. They paid and left the store and head back to the car.

“hrmm! I really need some coffee” Fiona said and rubbed her tummy. “ My stomach is making some strange sounds.”

“ You think a coffee would help?” Anna looked skeptical, “ I think it will make it even worth.”

“ Nooo?! Look! After a meal in an italian restaurant, you get an espresso, right? And a greek mokka in a greek restaurant, you see? It calms the bowels..” Fiona explained

“You get an Ouzo or something like that.. But not a coffee.. The caffeine is laxative.” Anna tried to explain. “ May we should get back for a bathroom-break?”

“ No, there is a bakery around the corner, I will get myself a coffee. Can you bring our purchase into the car..?” Fiona didn't wait for an answer and put her bags into Annas hand and head to the bakery. When Anna put the bags into the trunk, Fiona came back with a large cup of coffee. They jumped in the car, to drive back home.

An hour and a large cup of coffee later, Fiona didn't looked so well. She turned pale, shifted herself from one side to the other and her belly gurgled loudly.

“Is everything okay?” Anna asked concerned, “ You don't look so good..”

“ I don't feel soo good either.. “ Fiona answered and rubbed her belly. “ Some stomach cramps, I guess.”

“Okay.. Shall we go to the next highway toilet..?” Anna asked her, “The next one is just 10km ahead.”

“Noo, its just a cramp.. “ Fiona didn't took it soo serious.

But just 4 Minutes after they had passed the last rest stop, Fiona started wimpering.

“Uhh.. Can we get out on the next one?” she wimpered, “ I mean.. quick..?”

“Yes sure, but.. there is none right now. We just missed one..” Anna answered anxious.” Can you make it?”

“I.. d..don't think so...” Fiona grabbed her belly with one hand and her face turned white as snow. “I .. no... Please stop right now..!”

“ I Can't! It's a Highway!” Anna looked around, but there was no place to stop. “Hold it!”

“ I Can't! Stop right now!” Fiona shouted loudly in pure panic. “STOP! STOP RIGHT NOW!”

“I CAN'T! Put something under!” Anna shouted back and grabbed some empty plastic bag. “ Try holding it! Just a few minutes!”

“ I am trying!” Fiona quickly shove the bag underneath her and pushed her hand against her belly. Tears filled her eyes. “I am Tryiiinng..! I am about to explode! I...”

A few seconds later Fiona cried out loudly, lifted herself up from the seat and was half standing inside the car. Her desperate cry was follow by a long fart and a wet slurping noise. Quickly a large brown stain spread on the back of her light blue jeans, a visible bulge formed around her ass. And a terrible foul smell spread inside the car.

“ NO! NO!” Fiona cried out in shame, “ I can't hold it! I am soiling myself!”

“ Gross! I see! Open the window! Quick! Or else I will throw up!” Anna answered with a gaps. She couldn't stand the stench and opened up her window. “ And sit down, we are still driving!”

“ I don't want to sit in it! It's warm and sticky!” Fiona cried.

It still was at least a 40 Minutes ride ahead of them and Fiona's horror wasn't over yet. Another hard cramp hit her and she couldn't stand the inexorably force. Powerfully it pushed itself into her pants, the brown wet stain and the bulge expanded to its doubled size. The open windows helped a bit, but Anna had to fight back the desire to throw up.

“Can I wash my pants at your place?” Fiona asked her shamefaced. “I don't want everybody to notice this..”

“Yeah... Sure.. “ Anna couldn't let her friend down in a shameful situation like that, even if she couldn't stand the stench. “But rinse it off first, okay..?”

When they finally reached Annas place, Fiona took a shower, rinsed off her pants and put her stuff into the washing machine. They put the soiled, once white panties into a plastic bag and thew it into the waste, there was no way to get these clean. Good for her, Fiona just bought some new underwear.

An hour later Fiona was sitting in her underwear on Annas couch. Her bowels were calmed, so Anna brought some white Wine.

“I think you could need one, hmm?” Anna tried her best to comfort her.

“Yes.. Thanks Anna. For everything.” Fiona smiled slightly. “ That's so.. gross.”

“ I won't tell anyone.” Anna replied

“Have you ever had an accident like that?” Fiona lay back on the couch and looked at Anna.

“No, Never.” Anna shook her head. “Did you?”

“Yes, ones.” Fiona's face turned red again. “ When I was a teen, I was on a riding trip with the youth organization, when I got diarrhea. “

“Uhhh...!” Anna gave her a pitying look, “ Don't tell me you... ?”

“I tough it would be just some gas.. But it wasn't.” Fiona confessed, “ the worth day in my life.”

“Did they notice?” Anna asked her pitying.

“What do you think?” Fiona smiled ashamed. “ White Jodhpurs and a dozen girls asking, were this terrible smell comes from..? Of Course everyone noticed! I soiled myself in the saddle.”

“Uhh...Thats hard.” Anna grimaced. “ I just once peed myself on a competition.”

“Uh.. Anna..?” Fiona took a deep breath. “ Can I ask you something...?”

“Yeah, Sure.” Anna answered and lifted one eyebrow.

“Do you have some bladder problems...?” Fiona looked at her with an concerned look on her face. “ I still feel a bit bad, for having you wet the bed .. because I heard you.. have some issues.”

“Issues..? Well..” Anna looked down to her feet. “ I have a weak bladder, that's true. But having some accidents ain't that uncommon in sports.”

“Seriously?” Fiona looked surprised, “Have you ever noticed an accident?”

“Yeah.. on the last wrestling tournament, a girl peed all over herself. She lost consciousness and peed all over herself. And it was an irregular move, the referee didn't notice. Her opponent should have been disqualified for choking, so it was doubled trouble.” Anna remembered.

“But is there a reason for it..?” Fiona asked her and incidentally drank some of the wine.

“No, it is just a lot of pressure on the pelvic muscles, if they are weakened, accidents may happen.” Anna explained her, “After my teenage pregnancy with my twins, It is just like that...”

“WHAT!?” Fiona looked at her in disbelief. “You had a teenage pregnancy?! With twins?!”

“ HA! Just a yoke!” Anna laughed out loudly. “ No, I wasn't. But I had some bad bladder infections when I was 14. That is probably the reason for it.”

“Oh.. Okay..! I would have hated you for having a body like that after a pregnancy with twins...” Fiona giggled. “But have you ever... well.. urm..”

“Well.. what?” Anna lifted her eyebrow

“Did it on purpose.. ?” Fiona asked her quietly, like it was something indecent.

“ Well... “Anna's face turned red and she started stuttering. “Once.. maybe..? Well hrmm... twice.”

“Serious?! Did you... Did you liked it..?” Fiona moved a bit closer.

“It was.. Intense.” Anna replied shamefaced. Stuttering she confessed, “It was really intense.. but, I felt so ashamed afterwards. A grown girl shouldn't do that.. “

“Would you.. do it with me together?” Fiona asked her with a shaky voice. “ Or.. may its a stupid idea..”

“I don't know..” Anna was stunned. “Isn't it.. you know? Strange...?”

“No..! I.. its not!” Fiona said and collected all of her courage, “ I.. sometimes I like to do it on purpose and.. I always wanted to see someone else doing it.. I mean … on purpose. I am sorry I just asked..”

“N.. no it's alright... I guess.” Anna replied, still stunned and overrun. “ we can..do it..?”

“Really?!” Fiona was surprised.

“Yeah... But how do.. you want to do it..?” Anna was still overrun, shocked but also curious.

“Take off your jeans and socks and step into the bathtub.” Fiona ordered and they both went into the bathroom. Anna took off her jeans and socks and stepped into the bathtub. He feet felt cold, she had goosebumps on her arms and shivered with excitement.

“And... now..?” Anna's voice was an excited whisper. “W..what shall I do..?”

“Just relax and let go..” Fiona answered and followed her into the tub. She stud right in front of Anna, wearing some red velvet lingerie with fancy black laces.

“I can't..” Anna stepped fussed from one foot to the other. “I am too nervous.”

“Then I will go first..” Fiona announced. Anna looked down to her panties and hold her breath. A few seconds later, the red velvet fabric stated darkening. A wet patch started growing, the shiny wetness spread slowly on Fiona's fancy panties. A small spurt tinkled down to her feet, followed by another and finally a small yellow river poured trough the wet velvet fabric and ran down those long slim legs, making a yellow puddle between her feet. Fiona moaned with pleasure.

Anna felt strangely aroused. She had peed herself, much more often than she liked to confess, she had seen other girls having accidents, even Fiona had some in front of her. But seeing her, with this great pleasure peeing into her new panties, turned her on. Her nipples felt hard, she couldn't turn her eyes of her friends pee soaked panties.

Anna realized, that her own bladder was quiet full. She wasn't on the toilet till they left for their shopping trip. She was still nervous, but also horny and tried hard to relax. And finally, she managed to let go.

“Uhhh... I am peeing..” Anna whispered, while slowly the first drops shyly dripped into her panties. A small wet patch darkened on her lime-green boy-shorts. “It... It's coming out...!”

In the next second a large yellow stream followed the first tinkles and forced itself trough the damp cotton fabric, soaking it completely. The wetness spread quickly up to her waist and over her ass. Fiona stepped closer and pushed her hand on the wetness. Anna could feel the fingers rubbing against her.

“Uhh.. so wet....so warm..” Fiona mentioned, rubbing her fingers against the soaked fabric of Annas panties. “Do you like it..?”

“Yeah... it's soo hot.. “ Anna whispered exited, while the last streams ran down her legs. But out of a sudden Fiona kneed down before her and pulled down her soaked shorts. With a silent splash, the wet panties hit the floor. Anna opened her eyes in surprise “What...? What are you doing..?”

“You made yourself dirty..” Fiona moaned, “ And someone needs to clean it up...”
