Desperation play at the bar leads to a huge accident

Author: gtg420

*000*2024-11-11 17:26

“I can’t wait anymore, baby,” Jason said in Cynthia’s ear, louder than he’d have liked, to make sure he’d be heard in the crowded bar. “We have to go outside.”

“Not just yet,” chided Cynthia. She reached under the table and gave Jason’s crotch a quick squeeze, her actions hidden by the darkness of their corner booth. He’d opted to go commando under his jeans, and her touch on his half-hard dick felt good–but the urge to piss was overwhelming. It felt like it would come out on its own at any minute. Cynthia withdrew her hand, brushing his thigh as she did, and a wave of urgency surged through him.

“Oh, God, Cynthia. I mean it. Now.”

She sipped her cocktail serenely. Jason’s swollen bladder strained at his belt. He’d loaded up on beer like Cynthia had asked, but the deal was supposed to be that they’d go to the alley when he was bursting and she’d watch him piss like a firehose. Well, he needed to burst like a firehose now—Oh, God, there was so much in him, begging for release–but Cynthia was sipping her fancy cocktail with no sense of urgency.

“Baby, please,” Jason begged, squirming.

“Finish that beer.”

“There’s no room inside of me!”

“Finish that beer or you don’t get to piss.”

At the word “piss” Jason’s bladder spasmed and a hot slash of urine drummed the fabric of his jeans. He clenched off another wave, but he could feel the size of the wet spot. He’d thought it would be easier to go without boxers, so he could get his dick out quickly in the alley when Cynthia made him wait until the last minute–but he hadn’t anticipated being unable to last out. Now there was nothing to soak up his leaking. He grabbed his beer glass and downed the last dregs. As the beer slid warm down his throat he felt another spurt escape.

“We have to go. I’m about to wet myself,” he hissed, and lost control for a terrifying second, hot piss spurting into his lap. Cynthia took his empty glass, gave a furtive look around, and slid her hands under the table. He felt her tugging at his zipper.

“What are you doing?!”

She unzipped him. “Go in the glass.”

“Uh—” Another desperate jet into Cynthia’s hand as she reached into his jeans. He could feel his face going red. “Here? In the bar?”

“Looks like it’s either that or in your pants,” she said, and at the thought of relief his bladder let go. Piss exploded from his cock as Cynthia wrestled it out of his rapidly darkening pants. “Wait a minute!”

Jason splattered the floor as she struggled to aim his dick into the glass. “Ohh, I can’t help it.”

“Damn, you really had to go,” she said as she wrestled his stream into the glass. He voided urgently, breathing hard, lightheaded as the tide surged out of him. It hissed and foamed in a deluge of relief. He wondered if anyone in the bar could see–or hear–what he was doing, but there was no way he could stop. This was a natural disaster, far out of his control.

“Stop, stop, it’ll overflow,” said Cynthia suddenly.

“Baby, I can’t,” he said, clenching, trying his hardest to shut off the flow. He stopped pissing for one–two–three seconds, but then his bladder burst again and urine shot out like a firehose, arcing onto Cynthia’s leg until she got it under control. He could hear a waterfall spilling out of the glass onto the floor as his hot piss overcame its capacity, like it had overcome the capacity of his aching bladder. There was nothing he could do but piss, his legs shaking with the release. It was getting wet around his shoes. Cynthia just murmured, “what a mess!” as he flooded the floor uncontrollably.

“I’m sorry. I couldn’t wait.”

“I’m too much of a tease, huh?” She stroked his dick gently and it began to grow hard, making the piss arc upward until it began to drum against the underside of the table. “Can’t you hold the rest? You’re making a huge puddle. It’s gonna spill into the aisle.”

“There’s still so much left.” Jason bent and squirmed and was able to cut off the stream. He gave out just one errant dribble as Cynthia tucked his stiff cock back into his jeans. It strained against the sopping denim, trembling, fevered. Cynthia brushed her hand against it, slowly and torturously, then dipped demurely down and set the glass of his piss on the floor.

“All right,” she said, and stood daintily up. She looked Jason up and down and grinned. “Let’s go out to the alley.”

The bar was dark, but so was the wide stain on Jason’s pants. He trailed close behind Cynthia as they weaved their way out of the bar, hoping no one would notice his accident, though it was all he could think about. His over-taxed bladder was still heavy in his abdomen, not nearly as empty as he’d longed for. But he was in control again–he could wait until the alley. Surely there couldn’t be that much left. He’d overflowed a pint cup and made a small lake besides, plus the bit that came out in his pants. They pushed through the door into the cold outside air and Jason’s bladder twinged. Oh, it felt like there was an ocean left…

“Oooh, the cold makes me need to go, too,” Cynthia whispered, bending a little and jiggling. She pulled him into the alley beside the building, a trusty shadowed nook that had relieved many an overfull bladder, leaned against the wall, and hiked her skirt up around her waist. Underneath she was naked. Her hips thrusted in desperation, and a few drops pattered from her cunt. “I can hardly wait.”

“Now you know how I felt,” said Jason, but instead of satisfaction, there was the increasing realization that his bladder was pulsing again, begging him to finish his relief. Cynthia thrust once more, then piss burst out of her and smattered the opposite wall in a messy, streaming arc. She rolled her head back and sighed. Jason knew from experience that she had a bladder of steel, so for it to explode this violently, she must have been nearly as desperate as him. Oh, God, he needed to release so bad. He fumbled at his fly, but Cynthia grabbed his wrist.

“No, no,” she said, still pissing like a racehorse against the brick. “You had your turn.”

“You made me stop. I wasn’t done.”

“How much more could you possibly have? You must have filled two pints.”

“Please. I’m still so full.”

“Too bad.” Cynthia shrugged wickedly and leaned backward, so her piss shot up even higher. “Ohhh, it feels so good to let go.”

The thought of relief was unbearable. Jason shuddered as a jet of piss ran down his leg. Oh, Jesus, he was going to explode. He quickly unzipped, fishing for his dick. But Cynthia got it before he did and took it dribbling into her grip. She grinned at him, her piss now splattering on the ground at his feet.

“I told you, no.”

“Cyn, I’m going to wet my pants. And we have to take the bus home.”

“Oh, we wouldn’t want that, would we?” She pointed his dick at his shirt and brushed her fingers against the underside. “We wouldn’t want a wet shirt, either.”

“Come on. I’m serious.”

Cynthia giggled. Her own piss stream slowed to a spatter, then a stop, but somehow that didn’t help; with nothing to distract him, Jason’s throbbing bladder let out an uncontrollable jet that soaked into the chest of his t-shirt. He didn’t sign up for this. He thought he’d be giving Cynthia a show like the one she’d given him, not that he’d be made to have an accident all over himself. But he couldn’t hold back, no matter how he tried. Another spurt escaped, running down his stomach. Cynthia made a scolding noise, then, her skirt still hiked up, pointed his dick at her cunt.

“You really can’t hold it, can you?”

“Oh, God. I’m going to pee all over you.”

Cynthia tickled the head of his dick, and the dam finally broke. A steaming rush of piss surged out, and he couldn’t help but moan. She directed his thick stream at her clit, rocking back and forth. “You’re pissing so hard.”

“I had to go so fucking bad.”

“How full are you?” she said, and pressed her hand flat against his bladder. He moaned again as it spasmed and the force of his gushing increased. Cynthia rocked harder. He couldn’t believe how much was draining out of him, splattering hot and hard against Cynthia’s clit until she shuddered and grabbed his arm and let out a muffled moan. He voided hard as she came.

“My goodness,” she said when she caught her breath, and gave his dick a little tap. “You’re still going.”

“I’m–I’m almost done,” he moaned. As his stream finally slowed, a shiver ran hard through his body. He was finally, blissfully, empty. Cynthia tucked his dick into his pants again, and gave it a rub through the denim.

“Hmm,” she said. “You’ve made a mess of yourself, haven’t you?”

“At least it’s not all in my pants.”

“You’d look like you jumped in a river if it was.”

His rock-hard dick strained at his wet spot, begging now for a different kind of release. “Touch me again.”

“Oh, I don’t think so. Come on–the bus leaves in fifteen minutes.”

*003*2024-11-13 03:24

{{6 hours ago, EllieK said:

I really enjoyed reading this story. I hope there's going to be more!

}}

I have several stories I wrote in the past and I'm going through and revising them, so there will definitely be more!

