Wet parliament 2

Author: GupFan

*000*2021-10-12 18:31

Well, it's time to put together a little story on Azur Lane. I hope someone enjoys it.

Tallinn. The sweet girl could feel a cold, no, even icy wind blowing over her face. It was very uncomfortable to move on the water surface in this weather. But still, it was her duty as a ship to serve her country and carry out the orders that came from her command. But still, being in the midst of the freezing, bone-chilling air was unbearable even for her. Or rather, not so. She was disgusted. The cold seemed pleasant to her, but still made her uncomfortable. She could not understand the reason for this ambivalent attitude toward the cold. Anyway, she was in high spirits now while on patrol with a couple of Northern Parliament destroyers. At least there was pleasant company around to talk to.

Really, the cruiser didn't know where to start the conversation. It seems that in this weather you have to be as attentive as possible. Because, if not the enemy, the rocks, reefs and icebergs, always pose a danger. Especially now, when the visibility is almost zero. At this time, if you can say so, to kiss an iceberg, is not the best idea. She took the thermos she had brought with her and took a sip of her potent mulled wine. It seemed to give her confidence. She was a cruiser in the northernmost Allied country, and now, as commander in this situation, it was her job to do her duty. And no amount of weather would distract her from that duty.

Minsk was not so quiet. She was chatting all the time with the destroyer Grozny, who at the same time was swatting away the snow coming in her face. Yes, of course, Tallinn was wiping the snow off her pretty face, too. From her eyebrows and eyelids, where the snow was beginning to accumulate, which was not very pleasant. She even felt like she was starting to freeze. Then, to warm herself at last, she decided to break the silence. She asked the Minsk.

- How do you still have the energy to chat so cheerfully with everyone? What if the sirens or their allies decide to attack?

- In that case...I will always be ready to fight back.

Finally, the silence was broken. But Grozny looked at Tallin with the face of a little offended girl. She knew that once Minsk started talking, there would be no stopping her. Indeed. Within a couple of minutes the company began to argue heatedly. Everything fell under the attack of their tongues. From what they were eating in the mess hall to why they had been sent out on patrol in such "fine" weather. And in a square where the enemy had not been active for weeks. Minsk kept going on and on about what was being done wrong for Kansen life and why she complained about food, sleep and toilets...Toilets....

Suddenly, Tallin felt pressure in her lower abdomen. It was barely felt in this freezing cold, and it might not have been felt before, because her body and thoughts were occupied with other things. But as soon as Minsk said the word "Toilet," she felt it immediately. Her body signaled that it was desirable for the girl to get to the restroom as soon as possible. But for now she could still bear it. She didn't even have to squeeze her legs to contain the warm, yellow liquid. And where to squeeze them if you have to move through icy, northern seas. But the feeling that it was necessary to visit the restroom did not go away. Tallin realized that she was now in a very uncomfortable situation. Patrolling had just begun, she was in command here, but she needed to use the restroom. She couldn't get that thought out of her anymore, no matter how hard she tried. Though she managed to muffle it for a while.

In the end, Tallinn decided to move forward on the map that Soviet Russia had given them. The first point was to see the Ice Peak from the east. The task had to be accomplished as quickly as possible. The cruiser divided the mission into four stages. The first stage involved inspecting the ice peak, the second stage involved sailing through the gorge, and the third involved returning home. And the fourth stage was part of Tallin's personal plan. Getting to her room and emptying her bladder. The task seemed easy, considering that the first task the three Kansens had already begun.

- What's near the mountain is usual.

Said Tallin, turning her thoughts away from her bladder completely. She succeeded, but for how long?

- I like it here. - I'm not sure how much I like it, but I like it here. Besides, we don't need a cursory examination.

- Yeah right! - Minsk's voice rang out again. - I want to take some pictures of Grozny against the backdrop of Mt.

- For once you're not taking pictures of yourself.

Both destroyers rushed to the mountain peak and quietly maneuvered between the rocks and took pictures. Tallinn decided not to go there for a couple of reasons. The first was that she didn't want to disturb the two girls and their photo session. And the second reason... She was a little afraid of the reefs and rocks. The destroyers maneuvered between them so easily, and so did any kansen. But she just didn't like those places. She tried to think of something. Minutes went by. About an hour seemed to pass. At that moment, Tallin realized that the pressure in her bladder was much stronger than she thought. And it became clear that the pressure was not going to go away this time. Then she made up her mind.

- Girls, let's go. We need to take another look at the ravine. - At that moment thoughts of relief began to fill her head.

Tallin already imagined sitting on the beautiful white throne, which she imagined the toilet bowl to be, and beginning to urinate. She imagined the flow to be quite violent and unpredictable.

- So stop! Get it together! We'll be at the base soon! - Said the girl to herself.

The way to the gorge was no longer so pleasant. Tallin kept striving to squeeze her legs. She even imagined that she could urinate right there. In the icy gorge. The thought that her stream might just come out there. On the almost blue ice and make the ice melt slightly...This thought made Tallinn feel an increased urge to urinate. It was so strong that the girl had to squeeze legs for all her strength to avoid wetting herself. Her panties were still dry. But it was close. Droplets of fluid seemed to be preparing to pass through the urethra to the outside. Suppressing the urge to urinate, Tallin began to give commands. The gorge was a dangerous place. And then the little destroyers clung to her as the only one who could protect them.

There was a lot going on here. Ships and kansens caught in the ice. On top of all that, because of the winds blowing in the local ice cliffs, it was believed that the ghosts of dead kansen were here. It frightened everyone. Tallinn was afraid of ghosts too.

- I'm scared. - Silently whispered Grozny, but everyone could hear.

- I want on hands of Soviet Russia. - shrieked Minsk, and threw herself into Tallinn's arms.

It would have been wrong not to take her comrade in her arms. At that moment, Tallin realized that she badly needed to go to the bathroom. And Minsk in her arms was preventing her from holding back.

- Minsk, dear, get down, I'm not Soviet Russia.

- Ah...Sorry Tallin. - The girl answered, getting down from her friend's arms.

About halfway down the gorge, Tallin felt the first drop fall into her delicate white panties. It was so scary. The first one was followed by several more. The girl squeezed her legs to her knees and sat up a little. She tried to make her sphincter work better, but it was no use. Tallin accepted the drops leaving her body.

- The important thing was that they weren't streams? Will I make it? - She asked herself every minute as they climbed out of the ice.

As they swam back Tallin bit her lip and literally shoved her hand into her crotch. She knew it was the only way to hold back the flood. It saved her for a while, but even so, halfway through her journey, her body began to fail. A stream of urine burst out, and Tallin clamped her crotch with both hands. To top it all off, she made a sound the destroyers heard.

- Aaah...No No!" the girl spoke quickly, barely stopping the stream of urine flowing out of her and into the icy sea.

- Tallin? What happened with you, comrade? - Asked Minsk.

- I'm fine...I'm...Ah!" But you could see it all over her, because her bladder was full.

- I want to help you, Tallinn. - The terrible swam up to the girl and began to support her. I believe in you.

At last the simplest possible words of encouragement reached the girl. She forced her body into submission and they moved forward. There wasn't much left to do. The road was hard. The sea was literally against the girl, because appeared big waves. Tallin flowed with regularity, but held back. Both of her hands were literally buried between her legs, with urine dripping down her hips.

Finally a port. The girl seemed no longer able to bear the pressure. She walked through the battleship barracks and allowed herself to cry. Her body barely obeyed her. Urine trickled down to the floor, so that there was a visible trail of many yellow puddles by which to find the poor Kansen. Tallin leaned against the wall. She felt like her sphincter was just refusing to clench any more, but she forced herself to endure. She had to. She couldn't embarrass herself after she got to the port. All she had to do was get to her room. It didn't make any difference from there. She walked to her room.

She walked into the room almost losing control. Her clothes were already yellow with urine. But she had to get to the bathroom. Just to get to the toilet. And that was it, task accomplished. The almost inscrutable fourth part of the plan was complete. She tornly walked to the door leading to the toilet and the shower room. She even reached for the handle. But at that moment, her body refused to hold it back.

Her urethra throbbed several times before the urine began to flow. Tallin's eyes filled with tears and she cried out loudly.

- Noooo!!!!

She tried to hold it back. She returned her hand to her crotch. Her white clothes began to soak it up definitively. She clasped her panties with her hands but kept urinating. Then she made the decision to clamp her urethra. She moved her panties to the side and began to press with her fingers on the small hole from which the fluid was flowing. The pressure had no effect. Tallin began to cry. She didn't understand why her body had surrendered now in front of the door. Then she simply went into the bathroom and sat on the toilet peeing through her clothes. She did not understand why her actions had no effect. She just didn't want to admit that she couldn't hold back any longer. She looked at the puddle that was in front of the door and was still sobbing. She didn't remove her hands from her crotch even now, sitting on the toilet. She didn't care about that anymore.

- Why should me...

Said the girl, before her flow came to nothing and she, sobbing, locked herself in the toilet.

Well, and art to make it clear who it happened to.

