Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Videl's Desperation During Training

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-20 15:59

After discovering Great Saiyaman turned out to be Gohan she wanted to know how to Fly so Gohan decided to teach her about Energy Control in order for her to learn how to Fly. During training she was concentrating to embrace her energy through Meditation non-stop.

Videl: Dammit I can't do it

Gohan: Don't worry Videl you'll get it right it's just going to take some time okay. Now Focus and Concentrate try to clear your mind. I'll be back to check your progress I'm going to train with my Little Brother just for a Short Time.

Goten: Hurry Gohan! C'mon!

Gohan: Coming Goten! Remember Videl try to clear your mind so you can Focus & Concentrate on embracing your energy.

Videl: Got it!

[Videl returns to Meditation Position]

Videl: Mmm.... hmm.... (*Water Fall appears as a Image in Videl's Head*) Oh seems like I have to--- No I need to concentrate I'm pretty sure I can hold it for a while.

[Videl returns to her Meditation Pose again]

Videl: Mmm.... (*Water Fall Appears as a Image Again*) Mmm.... (*Water Fall Image*) Uhhh..... *Grabs Groin Area* Dammit I need to go!

Videl: Screw it I'm gonna wet myself but not out in the open.

[Videl goes behind a Tree to relief herself in her Black Shorts]

Videl: Okay now to relieve myself in 5, 4, 3, 2,.... (*Starts peeing & wetting herself*) Aahhh *sigh*

[Videl's urine spreads through her Black Shorts but somehow able to release a Stream from her Groin Area at the same time]

Videl: Damn I never knew I had to go this bad next time I should Pee earlier before I leave my house

Videl: Woah my Shorts are getting so wet as if I fell in a puddle sometimes I forget how good it is to pee in my shorts & pants it's been a while *laughs* (*Stops Peeing*)

Videl: Ah much better, oh I should get back into position quick before Gohan finds out!

[Runs back quickly where she was Meditating]

Videl: Okay now to Meditate & Concentrate... (*Meditates with a Clear Mind*)]

[Gohan comes back to check up on Videl]

Gohan: (Oh I think she's doing it but what's that smell?)

[Videl embraces her Energy]

Gohan: Wow good job!

Videl: You think so?

Gohan: Yup! Well let's call it a day.

Videl: Yeah that would be best. Later Gohan & later Goten!

Gohan: Videl I was just thinking...

Videl: Thinking what?

Gohan: That you would look good with Short Hair

Videl: And what's wrong with the Hair I have right now!?

Gohan: Nothing really it's just a thought I swear!

[Videl hops in her plane & takes off]

Videl: Gohan you Jerk...

Goten: Did you noticed she wet herself on purpose?

Gohan: How would you know that Goten?

Goten: I saw her Wet Shorts when she was getting into her Plane.

Gohan: Goten when she comes back you better not bring that up okay.

Goten: Okay then.

After Videl's training session she comes back the next day with Short Hair to show if Gohan was right or wrong about it also to continue how to fly...

Next Chapter: Chi-Chi Gets Pissed

*002*2017-09-20 17:42

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Awesome. Thank you for writing this

}}

Thanks and Your Welcome. I'm glad you enjoyed it :)

*003*2017-09-20 20:26

Great job.

*004*2017-09-20 22:12

{{1 hour ago, Skyde said:

Great job.

}}

Why thank you :)

