A Very Desperate Night Out

Author: Gemmy

*000*2022-04-29 23:20

Her heart began to beat faster as he slowly walked towards the bed….

“Alex”

The devilish smirk on his face sending shivers through her body…

“Alex”

She gasped softly as his fingers softly stroked up her legs as he knelt on the bed between them…

“ALEX!”

Her breath quickened as he hooked his fingers underneath the edge of her knickers, slowly pulling them to the side…

“Earth to Alex, hellooooo”

She whimpered as he moved his tongue towards her eager pussy and let out a long moan as he teasingly licked up her slit, moving closer to her throbbing, swollen cli…

“ALEX! Do you want this drink or not?”.

Suddenly the vision of her boyfriend vanished from her mind as she snapped back to reality and she looked round to find Zoe staring at her, holding a glass of wine towards her. She nodded and took the drink, thanking her friend as she did. She placed the glass down in front of her and let out a sigh.

“Are you okay over there Alex?, thought we lost you for a moment”.

“Oh…yeah I’m fine”

“Are you sure, you look a little flushed?”.

“Yeah I’m errr…it's just a little warm in here” she replied realising she must be blushing.

“As long as that’s all it is, we’ve already had one who can’t hold their drink, we don’t want you going the same way”. She looked over at Zoe and assured she was fine before turning back to the now almost empty glass in front of her. She picked it up taking a long sip, trying to distract herself from the thoughts that had just taken over her mind. The thoughts of what had happened the last time she had got home from a night out with the girls and the amazing love making that had ensued with her boyfriend. She blamed the waitress for her sudden daydreaming. She had come over to their table to announce it was almost time for last orders so if they wanted any more drinks to order them now.

That had led to her realising that if it was last orders then it would soon be time to head home and more than likely have sexy time fun with James. That had of course led her to remembering the last time and how amazing it had been. They always had amazing sex but there was something about the way James was all over her when she came back from nights out that just hit differently and now she was thinking about it she couldn’t wait to get home to him. More importantly she couldn’t wait to see his face when he took off her dress and he saw the new sexy purple underwear she had on underneath. She squirmed gently in her seat feeling her pussy reacting to those thoughts and realised that by the time he saw her new knickers for the first time they would probably be soaking wet. She smiled to herself then shook herself back to reality once more before her mind took over again.

She turned her attention to her friends, listening to their conversation as she sipped her wine. It had been a great night out celebrating Emily’s 30th birthday. They had originally met up in the town where they lived and gone to one of the local restaurants with Emily’s family and friends where they had had a gorgeous meal. After the meal those who were up for it had gotten the train into town where they had met up with some more people, to hit up the bars and really let loose. When they had started in town there were about fifteen of them altogether but as the night went on they had gradually lost a few who had left as they had had enough and unfortunately one of the girls had clearly had one too many shots and ended up being sick so a couple of her friends had taken her home.

After the last bar had kicked out they had lost a few more which left seven of them in total who had made their way to one of the few bars still left open, where they been for the last hour and was now getting ready to close. She had already decided that no matter what the others were doing after this bar closed she was going to head home. She was starting to get tired, her feet ached from all the dancing and now she had James on her mind. It was all she could think about, getting home to him so he could have his way with her.

As if reading her mind Jenny picked up her phone then announced “right girls, I’m heading off, my husband has come to pick me up, he is just parked down the street”. She stood up putting on her coat and Lucy piped up “do you think your husband would mind giving me a lift, you are heading my way”. Jenny said that would be fine so Lucy scooched along the bench and stood up. Emily went to sit back down after letting Lucy out but Alex stopped her, sensing her chance. She had been needing to pee for a while but being trapped in the corner of the booth she had kept putting it off not wanting to disturb the others and for the past ten minutes or so had been hoping one of them would also need to go and get up so she could get out. She scooched along the bench and stood up. She waited to say goodbye to Jenny and Lucy and once they had left she turned and headed to the back of the bar and up the stairs to where the toilets were.

When she reached the top of the stairs she found a small queue outside the ladies bathroom and joined it, laughing to herself about how she always seemed to find herself in this situation. She always waited and put off coming to pee until she was at a point where she was busting to go and then always found a queue when she did eventually give in and go to the bathroom. Like earlier in the evening. When they first arrived in town they had gone to Wetherspoons and whilst there she needed to pee but kept putting it off not wanting to break the seal.

When they left Wetherspoons she had decided to wait until they got to the first bar and of course when they got there there was a queue to get in. Whilst in that queue she had started regretting not peeing before they left Wetherspoons, especially when two of the other girls had left the queue to go pop a squat in an alley somewhere. She had wanted to go with them but wasn’t the type to go around peeing outside for all to see. By the time she had got into the bar and headed for the ladies she had found another small queue and had to stand squirming and dancing, bursting to pee all because of her stupid brain telling her she could wait. When she had finally got to pee the relief had been amazing and she had told herself not to let herself get to that point again.

That hadn’t been much of an issue through the night as after breaking the proverbial seal she had been nipping to the loo every half hour or so. However now she had done it again, waited too long even though she had access to the loo all that time and now she once again stood in a queue squirming on the spot bursting for a wee. As she moved forward in the queue she heard her name and turned round to see Steph appear at the top of the stairs.

“Was wondering where you had gone, thought you had been a while”. Steph looked past at the few people waiting and added “ahhh, makes sense, there is always a queue right”. Alex nodded in agreement and moaned “they need to be quick though I really need a wee”.

Steph nodded and replied “yeah me too, they are starting to ask people to finish off their drinks and head out so I thought I'd better come to the loo”.

They stood chatting as they slowly moved along the queue and eventually Alex was first in line. “You’d think they would have more toilets for a place this size” said Steph, pointing at the two stalls in the ladies room. Alex had been thinking the same thing. Though it wasn’t a big bar like some of the others they had been in it still had space for plenty of people and with only two stalls it was no wonder there was a queue.

Finally one of the stalls became free and Alex headed inside, pushing the door shut behind and dropping the latch. She quickly shimmied up her red dress and pulled down her lacy thong before hovering above the toilet and relaxing. She sighed gently as she started peeing and her bladder began to empty. She smiled to herself when she saw a little wet spot on her purple knickers where her thoughts of James had made themselves known. She stopped her mind from wandering and finished up peeing.

When she came out of the stall she quickly washed her hands and headed back down to the bar and re-joined her friends. A couple of minutes later Steph came back and when she had sat down Emily turned to them and said “right, what are we wanting to do now”. Alex was glad when the general consensus was to head home. The nightclub across town had been mentioned which really didn’t appeal to her so was ready to be a party pooper and decline going but thankfully the others were ready to head home too.

Five minutes later the waitress came over to their table to grab some of the empty glasses and said “okay guys can we start drinking up and heading out we are closing in five minutes”. Alex glanced at her watch and was shocked to find it was almost half 3. She felt a pang of guilt about it being so late as James was coming to pick her up. Every time she went out anywhere she always said she would get a taxi home but James always insisted on coming to get her, no matter what time it was, all she had to do was ring him when she was ready. She always felt guilty that he was having to wait up and come out in the middle of the night but it's what he insisted on and behind the guilt she always felt happy knowing he only wanted to keep her safe.

She picked up her wine glass and realised there was still quite a bit left having barely touched this one. She took a few long sips and then when she saw the bouncers coming over to move people out she quickly downed what remained, not wanting to waste any of it. She put on her coat, grabbed her bag and headed for the doors. As she walked outside she felt a head rush, whether it was the cold air, the fact she had just downed half a glass of wine or a mixture of the two she suddenly realised how drunk she was. She never let herself get so drunk that she couldn’t take care of herself but she was definitely feeling the effects of the alcohol.

Her friends followed her out and they walked up towards the high street. After they had decided not to bother going to the nightclub they had instead decided to go and get some food from somewhere which was good news for Alex as she was feeling hungry, it seemed like ages since they had their meal, plus what better way to combat the effects of alcohol than a greasy burger or kebab.

As they walked up the street Laura announced that her boyfriend was on the way for her so wasn’t coming to get food so when they reached the high street they found a bench to sit on and wait with her. As the minutes passed Alex found herself wishing Laura’s boyfriend would hurry up and get here. Just sitting there she was really feeling the chill of the early morning air and kept pulling her coat around her. Which was kind of helping a little but alas it didn’t cover her legs, she was starting to wish she had worn tights.

Eventually Laura’s phone rang and she answered. She said where they were and after a couple of minutes a car pulled up just down from where they were sitting. Alex said her goodbyes and stood up ready to head off to the takeaway whilst a couple of the others walked with Laura to the car. She stood watching them chit chatting at the car when Zoe said something behind her. Alex looked round and said “sorry were you talking to me then, I was miles away”.

Zoe laughed then said “I was just saying that I should have gone for a wee before we left the bar, I didn’t think at the time as the bouncers were ushering people out”. Alex just nodded in agreement, she was glad she had been before they left, if she hadn’t she would have another problem to deal with on top of being cold.

When Laura had driven off and the others had come back they set off in search of food. They walked through town, making their way through their fellow late night revellers and eventually came to an area of town where they knew they would find a takeaway still open. They spotted a couple along the street still open and made a decision as to what kind of food they wanted. They settled on the takeaway towards the other end of the street as it offered more choice, the other was primarily a chicken shop.

As they walked along the street Emily got excited at the smells coming from the takeaways and moaned she was starving. The others agreed and then Zoe added “do you think this place will have a toilet available to use?”. Steph looked back and replied “I’m sure they will have”. Zoe nodded and moaned “I hope so, I really need a wee”. Emily turned to look back and said “I could do with a wee as well, come on, it's not much further. Alex continued walking along, thankful once again that she had gotten the chance to pee before leaving the bar.

To Be Continued.

*002*2022-04-30 22:55

Part 2

As Alex walked past the window of the takeaway she looked inside and saw, as she had expected, that it was quite busy. She reached the door and stood waiting for the others to catch up. They had lagged behind a little as Emily had stopped with the intention of going to the cash machine across the street as she said she needed money to get food but Zoe had stopped her saying it was her birthday and she wasn’t paying for anything. This had led to the two of them having a back and forth with Emily trying to convince Zoe she didn’t need to pay for her food and Zoe having none of it. Eventually Emily had succumbed and accepted she wasn’t going to win and had allowed herself to be led along by Zoe and Steph away from the cash machine.

When the others caught up they headed inside and joined the back of the queue. The queue was quite long but thankfully it seemed to be moving pretty quick. Alex was busy looking at the menu debating what she wanted when she heard Zoe moan and say “I don’t think there is a customer toilet in here after all”. Alex looked around and from the look of it she was right, there wasn’t anything she could see that indicated a toilet. Steph pointed across towards the back just next to the counter and said “maybe there”. Alex looked where she was pointing and saw an unmarked door.

Zoe looked across too and muttered “yeah maybe, I’ll check when we get there”. Alex returned to looking at the menu and decided she would get a burger. The queue slowly moved forward and suddenly Emily got excited and shouted “mine mine mine mine mine”. Alex wondered what the hell was going on but then saw her friend quickly heading towards a table that had just become free. Emily sat herself in the booth and claimed the table with a huge grin on her face. Steph laughed and gave her a thumbs up.

“Good job Emily, do you know what you want?”. Emily looked back with a blank stare then spun round to look up at the menu. Eventually she turned back and told them what she wanted before turning back to guard her prize table. It didn’t take too long for them to reach the front and when called forward Alex went to the counter and placed her order. She handed over some cash and took the change along with a numbered ticket and stood off to the side to wait. Steph followed suit and Zoe then moved forward and placed the order for herself and Emily. After taking her numbered ticket Zoe walked over towards them and then quickly walked over to the door and tried the handle. It didn’t open, clearly it was locked. She came back over and moaned “Either it’s not a toilet or it is and someone is in there”.

Steph looked over and then walked over to the counter. She waited until the guy had finished taking the next person's order then said “scuse me mate, have you got a customer toilet at all we can use”.

The guy shook his head and responded “No we don’t, only the toilet is for staff use only, not available for customer use i’m afraid”.

Steph nodded in response and then added “No chance of using that one is there?”.

Again the guy shook his head and replied “Unfortunately not, we keep it locked when it's so busy at night, too many people wanting to use it, I’m sorry but that is just how it is”.

Steph accepted she wasn’t going to convince him no matter what she said and turned back to Zoe and said “to answer the question, it is a toilet but its not for use”. Zoe laughed and said “yeah I got that bit, come on let's go sit down”. They went over and joined Emily in the booth and waited for their orders. When she had ordered the guy had said it would be about ten to fifteen minutes which wasn’t bad considering how busy it had gotten in there.

After ten minutes had passed they were still waiting and Alex had noticed that Zoe kept shifting in her seat. It was clear she must be bursting for the loo, if she hadn’t gone before they left the bar there was no telling how long it had been since she last used the bathroom. A couple more minutes passed and suddenly Zoe let out a gasp and moaned “Okay I really need a wee now”. She looked around and then said “I think I’m going to have to go see if there is somewhere with a toilet I can use”. Steph commented saying they could go look for somewhere once they had eaten but Zoe quickly stopped her and said “honestly if I keep waiting until we have eaten I might pee myself, I’m getting desperate”. Steph just nodded, unable to think of anything else to say.

Zoe stood up and handed her order number over to Emily and said “I won’t be long”. Alex couldn’t let her go on her own so stopped her and said “hang on, I will come with you”. She found her order number and handed it to Steph saying “I’m just gonna go with Zoe, keep a listen out for my number”. She stood up and followed Zoe through the crowd inside the shop and out of the door. Outside in the street Zoe looked around and then said “I’m sorry to drag you out of there, I’m just dying for a wee and if I keep waiting too long I’m going to wet myself”.

Alex held her hands up and said “you didn’t drag me, I volunteered to come, can’t have you walking the streets alone at this time of night”. Zoe smiled and then pointed down the street and said “come on lets try over there”. Alex looked down the street and saw towards the other end there was a bar with some people standing outside. They set off walking down the street and as they neared the bar Alex was happy to see it still looked to be open.

As they approached the door one of the bouncers acknowledged them and when they reached him he smiled and said “Sorry ladies, no more admissions tonight, we will be closing soon”.

Zoe crossed her legs and moaned “that’s fine, I was just wondering if there is any chance I can just pop in to go to the toilet”.

The bouncer smirked and said “as I just said, no more admissions tonight as we are closing soon”.

Zoe squirmed on the spot and moaned “Please, I will be really quick, I’m absolutely busting for a wee”. She bounced on her knees trying to emphasize to the guy she was serious.

He nodded and replied “aha, you know how many times I hear that from people trying to get in after being told they can’t come in, I have heard it all before darling”.

Alex looked at the guy and said “she is being serious, I don’t even want to come in, she just wants to run in and pee, then she will be straight out”. Again the bouncer nodded, clearly not caring or maybe not even listening to what she was saying.

Zoe grimaced and made one last attempt to convince him. “Please just let me use the toilet, I’m nearly wetting myself, I will do anything”.

The bouncer moved forward and in an irate voice said “Look, i’ve said no, that’s the end of it, it's not that I don’t want to, I just get told by the management don’t let anyone in after this time, I’m just doing my job, you will have to find somewhere else”.

Alex knew it was no use, no matter what they said they weren’t getting inside. She linked arms with Zoe and said “come on babes, we’ll go somewhere else. They moved off and walked a little way down the street. Suddenly Zoe stopped and crossed her legs, letting out a low moan. Alex looked down the street and said “come on, there might be somewhere on the high street.

Zoe looked at her and said “there might be, but chances are most places will be like that one that aren’t letting people in anymore”. She paused for a moment and squirmed, stepping from foot to foot then added “and honestly I wasn’t joking about nearly wetting myself, I feel like I’m about a minute from flooding my knickers”. Before Alex could respond Zoe looked around nervously then said “as much as I don’t want to I think I’m going to have to find somewhere to just pee”. Alex couldn’t believe it, she had been desperate plenty of times before but never to the point where she had peed outside. She shook her head and said “you can’t do that, there must be somewhere around with a toilet”.

Zoe shook her head and moaned “I know, It’s not something I really fancy but if I try to wait until we find somewhere else I am going to have an accident, quickly come on”. Now it was Zoe’s turn to lead the way. She grabbed Alex’s hand and quickly walked across the street. They made their way along and then Zoe stopped and pointed. Alex looked to where she was pointing and saw a little alley way that led to the back of the shops. Before Alex could do anything Zoe had walked into the alley and was standing dancing on the spot, hooking her fingers into the waistband of her leather look leggings.

“Alex keep a lookout”. Shouted Zoe as she quickly peeled down her leggings and her white thong. Alex watched in disbelief as her friend undressed in front of her and squatted down, holding onto the wall behind her for support. Her disbelief intensified when Zoe let out a loud sigh and she saw a strong stream come pouring out from between her legs, splashing loudly across the floor beneath her.

“Oh my god that feels so good”. Alex didn’t know where to look and just stared off down the street, pretending like her friend wasn’t half naked peeing right next to her. Eventually the sound of the stream eased off and with a contented sigh from Zoe she stood back up, pulling her knickers and leggings back up into place.

“That…feels so much better, honestly I was about to explode”.

Alex laughed and said “well that’s good, now lets head back and get our food, I’m starving”. They walked back along towards the takeaway and when they headed back inside they found Steph and Emily munching down their food. Alex slided into the booth followed by Zoe and she eagerly opened the box containing her burger and took a big bite.

“So did you find somewhere then” asked Steph, looking over towards Zoe.

Alex looked to her side at Zoe who blushed slightly and responded “errr, yeah I did, feel much better now”. Steph smiled and returned to her food. Zoe just smiled at Alex sheepishly and opened up her food. Alex took another bite of her burger deciding that Zoe’s little outdoor adventure was just going to be between them.

###

It didn’t take long for them to chow down their food and once they were all finished they gathered up their rubbish which Steph took over to the bin and they headed out into the street. “Right, taxi time” announced Zoe “which ones are we using?”.

“Well I’m not bothered because James will come pick me up, I just need to give him a ring” replied Alex quickly adding “and i’m sure he wouldn’t mind giving you a lift back if you want Steph?”.

Steph looked round and with a smile said “oh, that would be great thanks”.

Alex smiled back and said “no problem, we are heading the same way, might as well”. She turned back to Zoe and said “so really it’s up to you two, I assume you are sharing a taxi with Emily”.

Zoe nodded in response and said “yeah we will be, there is a taxi place just on the high street we can go to”. The girls walked along and onto the high street and as they neared the taxi office they saw a big queue of people waiting outside. As they reached the door there was a guy directing people into the taxi’s that were arriving and Zoe grabbed his attention and asked “how long of a wait is there?”.

The guy looked at the queue of people and replied “probably about 15-20 minutes”. Zoe thanked him and they walked along towards the back of the queue. As they reached it Emily moaned about it being such a long wait.

“I know but chances are it will be the same wherever we go, lots of people heading home at once” replied Zoe.

“I know but I need a wee” moaned Emily in response. “If we were getting a taxi straight away then it would be fine but if we have to wait 20 minutes I need to have a wee first, I can’t wait that long until I get home, where did you go before Zo?”.

Zoe blushed and quickly responded “oh one of the bars down there, it will be shut now though”.

“Well there must be somewhere around where I can go and have a pee”.

“We could head up towards the town square” replied Steph “there is a taxi office up there and there is also McDonald’s, that will be open for sure, you can use the toilets there”.

“Great idea, are you guys alright with that?” replied Emily.

“Fine by me”

“Me too, don't bother me”.

Alex nodded in agreement and followed along as they set off walking through town towards McDonald’s.

To be continued…

*005*2022-05-01 22:48

Part 3

As they walked through the town centre Alex couldn’t help but smile as she listened to Emily drunkenly ramble on about how much she had enjoyed her night and her birthday and what amazing friends she had and how much she loved everyone. Eventually the town square came into view up ahead. It would have usually taken about ten minutes to walk across town but given they were all drunk it had taken slightly longer. They walked through the town square and across the other side was McDonald’s. It looked quite busy inside, similar to how the takeaway had been. Lots of drunk hungry people looking for their fast food fix before heading off home.

When they reached the entrance to McDonald’s Emily said she wouldn’t be long and headed inside. She pushed her way through the crowd of people waiting around inside and headed towards the back of the restaurant to where she knew the stairs to get to the upper floor were. She stopped dead when she reached them, looking at the barrier across the bottom of the stairs restricting access. She was a little confused as to why it was closed off, upstairs was where the toilets were located so it seemed odd they would restrict access. It must be to avoid people dicking around upstairs and making a mess.

She looked around and pushed through the crowd again past the counter to where she knew the downstairs disabled toilet was guessing they just left that one open through the night. However when she got there she found her path blocked by a barricade of tables and bins. She looked for a way past but couldn’t see a way. Stood to the side was a security guy who was keeping an eye on everyone. She walked over to him and said “hi, excuse me, can I get past here to go to the toilet”. She pointed to the disabled toilet just beyond the barrier.

The guy looked across and then said “I’m afraid not love, nobody is allowed back there”.

Emily looked at him in shock and replied “but…the toilets upstairs are blocked off”.

He nodded and said “Yeah, so is this one, too many people at the weekends were just coming in to use them and leaving them in a right state so they are now closed off on Friday and Saturday nights”. She understood that must have been a pain but right now that didn’t help her.

“Can you just be nice and let me sneak past, I won’t take long and won’t make a mess”.

The guy shook his head and said “nope, I let one person in then suddenly everyone wants letting past, not worth the hassle”. She wanted to protest but knew it would ultimately fall on deaf ears. Instead she just nodded and wandered back through the crowd.

Alex had seen Emily talking to the guy in the high vis inside and wondered what was going on. Moments later she spotted her friend walking out of the front door and back across the town square to where they were stood waiting.

“Right let’s go order a taxi” said Zoe when she saw Emily arriving back. “You alright Emz?”.

“Stupid fucking place not allowing people to use the toilets, isn’t that illegal or some shit”.

“Whoa, what happened?” Alex enquired, taken aback by the sudden irate attitude”.

“All the toilets are blocked off because of people using them who aren’t customers and leaving them a mess. What about the people who are customers, what are they supposed to do?” moaned Emily in annoyance.

“erm…You weren’t a customer though” replied Steph, chuckling to herself.

“I know that but I could have pretended to be one” laughed Emily. “Lets go get a taxi, the sooner I get home the better”.

They moved off, heading over to the taxi office on the other side of the square. When Alex had seen Emily talking to the guy she had assumed that she had found the toilets blocked off. However, hearing Emily confirm it hadn’t been what she wanted to hear. Since leaving the takeaway and walking through town her own bladder had been sending the first signals of need and she had decided that she would probably pop into McDonald’s after the others had left to have a quick wee before waiting for James, now that wasn’t an option. Still she didn’t need to go too badly yet and it shouldn’t be too long before she got home. She shook the thought from her mind and followed after her friends.

They reached the taxi office and found a small queue outside but unlike the previous one you had to go in and order a taxi rather than just wait outside for one to show up. Zoe headed inside to speak to the lady at the desk and a few moments later she came out and said “its booked, she said it would be about 15 minutes”. They stood off to the side to wait and Alex figured now was a good time to let James know to come for her. She pulled out her phone and wrote out a message.

“Hey baby, ready whenever you are. Just waiting with Zoe and Emily for their taxi which should be about 15 minutes, Can’t wait to see you, Love you lots xxx”.

She read the message back to herself to make sure she hadn’t drunkenly misspelled anything. In the past James had shown her some messages she had sent him that even she couldn’t decipher what they meant. She hit send and moments later her phone pinged. She opened the message and smiled as she started to read.

“Hey gorgeous, I will set off soon. Hope you guys have had a good night. Can’t wait to see you either, you looked amazing when you left earlier in that little red dress, looking forward to seeing it again…..and looking forward to seeing you out of it even more. See you soon xxx”

She reread the message a few times over and felt his words affecting her. She squeezed her legs together as her pussy reacted, her clit throbbing with excitement about what was soon to come. She tried not to look conspicuous standing there getting turned on and tried to focus her attention on her friends' conversation.

After about ten minutes the queue outside the taxi office had slowly moved forward a few places. Emiliy looked at the people still ahead and then suddenly moaned “these taxi’s need to hurry up I’m busting for a pee”.

“Hopefully it shouldn't be too much longer” replied Zoe, looking at her watch.

“Hopefully not, otherwise there might be a flood in the taxi” said Emily laughing and crossing her legs. The minutes continued to pass and soon Emily and Zoe found themselves second in line. A car arrived and the young couple in front got in and when they had driven off Emily looked around and moaned “I’m seriously starting to doubt whether I will make it home without wetting myself, I’m really bursting”.

“I’m not sure where else will be open at this time” said Steph looking around the town square.

“At this point I don’t even care about somewhere being open, I just know if I don’t pee before the taxi comes I am definitely not gonna be able to hold it till I get home”.

Alex was about to say something in response then stopped when Emily suddenly moved off to the side of the taxi office and stood by the door of the shop next door. Alex wondered what she was doing and then looked in shock as she reached under her little white skirt and did something and then suddenly a stream of pee starting falling from underneath her skirt.

“OH MY GOD EMILY” shouted Alex, unable to stop herself. She couldn’t believe what she was seeing. She had been shocked when Zoe had ended up peeing outside but at least Zoe had found a somewhat discreet spot to squat. Emily was just standing in full view of the taxi queue peeing full force. She had clearly moved her knickers to the side when she had reached under her skirt and then just spread her legs and let loose.

Eventually the stream slowed down and Alex saw droplets of pee dripping down her friends legs. After a few moments she reached back under her skirt to rearrange her knickers and then leaned down to wipe her legs dry. She stepped away from the shop door and over the puddle she had left and returned to her friends as if nothing had happened.

“I can’t believe you just did that” said Steph, staring at the stream slowly running along the pavement and off the curb.

“I couldn’t help it, I said I was bursting, I didn’t want to have to try and hold it in the taxi and end up making a mess”.

“Yeah that’s fair enough, but I can’t believe you just did it so openly in front of everyone” added Steph, still looking shocked.

“Meh, I don’t care, I’m just glad I don’t need to pee anymore” said Emily giggling.

Alex couldn’t believe she had done it so openly either but the comment about not needing to pee anymore certainly rang true. Her own need had been steadily growing and seeing her friend find relief right in front of her had seemed to make it intensify. At least James was on his way to pick her up and she would soon be home. She wasn’t going to start dropping her knickers in public like her friends, just the thought of doing so made her feel embarrassed. A few minutes later their taxi arrived and after a lot of hugs and goodbyes and thank you’s Emily and Zoe got into the car and they headed off.

“So where is James picking us up from?” asked Steph.

That was a good question. Alex whipped out her phone and sent a quick message asking him where to meet. Moments later a message popped saying he would meet them by the train station if that was okay with her. She messaged back saying that was fine, knowing for him that was an easy pick up point without having to navigate the town’s one way system. She told Steph and they slowly set off walking to head to the train station.

As they passed McDonald’s Alex looked inside really wishing the toilets were available to use. Whilst not bursting to go she would have gladly taken the opportunity to have a quick wee. She walked past telling herself it was fine, her need to pee wasn’t too bad just yet.

To Be Continued…

*008*2022-05-03 07:26

Part 4

It had only taken them five minutes to reach the train station but in that time Alex’s bladder had definitely filled up and was sending signals of need throughout her body. All the wine from the night clearly filtering through and wanting out. She hoped James wouldn’t be long, the quicker she got home the better. Her need to pee was certainly getting more intense and it was now no longer something she could easily ignore.

They made their way across the courtyard in front of the station and stood against a wall by the car park to wait. This would be the easiest spot to pick them up and make a quick turn around back onto the main road. The conversation turned to the night and hoped that Emily had had a good birthday. Alex had certainly had a good night, it wasn’t often she got to go out with all of her friends in a big group. It was usually just her core friends so to be able to spend time with those she only saw once in a blue moon was wonderful.

There were a few moments of silence which were broken by Steph. “Did James say how long he was going to be?”. Alex thought back on the messages he had sent and shook her head.

“No, I just told him we were waiting for those guys' taxi to come which I said would be about 15 minutes and he just said he would set off soon so really he shouldn’t be far off”.

Steph nodded in acknowledgement then went silent for a few moments before saying “I don’t know about you but I’m starting to really need a wee”. Alex laughed nervously and replied “Glad I'm not the only one”.

Steph laughed and said “you too huh? Well at least I'm not alone, that’s why I was asking if you knew how long James was going to be because tbh I’m getting pretty desperate”. As the minutes passed Alex noticed Steph was constantly jiggling her legs and to be fair she had noticed herself doing the same. With each passing minute it felt like her need kept gradually increasing ever so slowly. Steph suddenly moved away from the little wall and started looking around across the courtyard. She was doing this for a few moments before turning back towards Alex and moaning “damn”.

“What's wrong?” replied Alex looking at Steph concerned.

“I was looking around to see if there was anywhere nearby that's open with a toilet we can use but apart from the nightclub over there I don’t see anything and that place is paid entry, I’m pretty sure they won’t just let me pop in for a pee and be damned if I’m paying the entry fee”. Alex nodded, she too had been looking around the nearby buildings to see if there was anywhere they could go.

Steph leaned back on the wall and then suddenly a few moments later leaned forward and moaned “ooooo I’m absolutely dying for a wee”. She looked around nervously then said “I know I was shocked at Emily earlier and it's not something I would willingly normally do but I might have to have a sneaky squat somewhere if James doesn’t get here soon.

Alex looked at her shocked, surely not another one of her friends about to blatantly pee in public. “You can’t do that, look there’s people about, he will be here soon”.

Steph nodded and said “I know, I really don’t want to and I’m holding on but I’m bursting and don’t know how much longer I can wait”. Alex reassured her not much longer, she was busting for a wee too but at the moment she wasn’t in danger of wetting herself, it seemed Steph was much more desperate.

A couple more minutes passed and Steph could not stand still. Alex watched as she danced and squirmed around and honestly watching her was making her own need worse. Suddenly Steph bent forward and her hand shot between her legs. She stood back up and moaned “I’m going to have to, I can’t wait till I get home, I’m about to wee myself”. Alex tried to reassure her that she could hold on but it fell on deaf ears. Steph was frantically stepping from foot to foot then suddenly let out a long moan and when she moved her hand away there was a small wet spot on the front of her jeans.

“I really can’t hold it, I’m starting to wet my knickers, keep a look out for me” She quickly walked around to the other side of the little wall and started frantically fumbling with her belt. She got it undone and in a quick flash she yanked her jeans down along with her red knickers and squatted down out of sight. Alex walked nearer to the wall and saw her friend with a look of bliss on her face as the sound of her strong stream splashed against the wall”.

“Oh my god you have no idea how good that feels, fuck me”.

Alex was in a state of confusion. She was shocked at seeing another one of her friends resorting to peeing outside, it just wasn’t something that you did. However, standing there watching her friend peeing was making her desperately need to do the same. She was quickly entering into desperate territory and was now really having to hold back to keep her knickers dry. The power of suggestion from seeing her friend getting relief was so intense and she was seriously starting to consider that she might have to follow suit and squat down behind the wall. The thought embarrassed her to no end but right now she was dying for a wee and really starting to doubt her ability to hold it all the way home.

She was so caught up in her own thoughts that she hadn’t noticed Steph had finished and was discreetly doing up her jeans, looking around nervously to see if anyone was watching. She came out from behind the little wall and with a deep sigh moaned “that feels so much better, there was no way I could have waited until I got home, I was fit to burst”.

Alex just nodded, squirming gently on the spot. She didn’t know what was taking James so long but if he wasn’t here within the next few minutes she was going to have to do what she really didn’t want to do, what she thought she would never have to do.

The next few minutes passed with Alex gradually edging closer and closer to the inevitable that she would have to pee behind the little wall like Steph had just done. She didn’t want to but her bladder was sending urgent signals and she was now really desperate. She checked her phone to see if James had messaged at all but there was nothing new.

Suddenly a strong wave of desperation hit and she clenched her muscles tight to stop herself from leaking. That was it, her sign that she needed to pee now before it was too late and she ended up having an accident. She turned to Steph and sheepishly said “I think I’m gonna have to have a wee too, I’m almost doing it in my knickers.

Steph looked at her and nodded “do it babes, honestly I didn’t want to do it, I know how you must feel but you will feel so much better”. Alex nodded in response, she could do this, she had to do this, she needed to do this, more than anything right now she just needed a wee.

She took a few steps towards the edge of the wall when suddenly there was loud shouting from behind. She looked round and saw a group of guys suddenly spreading out across the courtyard from outside the nightclub and when she looked closer she saw they were all fighting. The bouncers came running out to try and calm the situation and within a minute a police car came screeching into the courtyard.

“Fuck” thought Alex looking out at the scene before her. There was no way she could pee now, not with the police right in front of her.

To Be Continued…..

*010*2022-05-04 08:41

Part 5

The scene playing out across the courtyard was chaotic. The fighting had been over just as quick as it had started thanks to the bouncers and the quick arrival of the police. Now there were multiple police cars parked up with a number of police officers restraining and handcuffing those involved who were mouthing off and shouting, blaming each other for the incident, all the while their girlfriends were arguing and being held back by the officers.

Alex couldn’t believe how stupid people could be when they were drunk, she couldn’t believe that it had been handled so quickly, but most of all she couldn’t believe that it had happened just when she had decided to find the relief her body so desperately craved. It almost felt like a sign that she really shouldn’t have been doing what she was about to do. Now even if she wanted to do it there was no way she was going to drop her knickers and try and sneakily have a wee with so many police close by, she didn’t want to end up in the back of the police van when it arrived.

Not that it mattered, the sudden arrival of the police and the fact her chance had been taken away had given her bladder a new found strength to hold on and it almost felt like her need wasn’t as intense, or maybe that was just psychological. Either way she was happy when she saw James’ car waiting at the traffic lights just down on the main road. She pointed it out to Steph who smiled and then looked concerned. “Are you alright babes?”.

“Yeah…I’m good” replied Alex, looking puzzled at the sudden concern.

“It’s just, you were all ready to have a wee back there before all that kicked off, you want to try and find somewhere more discreet before we head off home, you must be bursting”.

Had James not been moments away from getting there she probably would have taken Steph up on the offer but now she knew they were about to head home she was confident that she could wait. Plus the thought of James pulling up and telling him she was just going to have a wee behind a wall somewhere was mortifying.

“No it’s fine, I mean I am bursting but it won’t take us long to get back, I will be fine”. Steph nodded in agreement and then moments later the car pulled up next to them and James wound his window down.

“Oy oy you ladies been up to naughty things” he joked looking round at the police.

“Nah, they are just here to make sure you behave yourself with these two gorgeous babes” said a voice from the passenger seat. Alex looked across and saw Martin sitting there, she gave him a cheeky smile and then turned to Steph and giggled.

“Come on Steph, looks like we have pulled”. She turned back to James and said “you don’t mind running Steph home do you?”.

“Not at all, that’s why we ended up taking longer than expected, I figured one or two of your friends might want a lift home so we went and dropped Chris off on the way here to make room in the backseat”.

“You sure you don’t mind James, I can get a cab it’s no problem” replied Steph.

“Course I don’t mind, get yourself in”.

Steph smiled and opened the door, climbing in and scooching over. Alex followed suit whispering “thanks babe” to James as she walked past his window and climbed into the back seat behind him. She winced a little as sitting down made her dress go tight across her bladder adding a little pressure. As she shut the door she looked up and saw James looking at her in the rear view mirror. She smiled at him and then noticed he sat up in his seat and a cheeky smile spread across his face. She realised he was getting a better view of her legs so she slowly began to spread them, causing her dress to ride up. His eyes lit up and just before he caught a glimpse of her sexy knickers she snapped her legs shut with a teasing grin.

He gave her a smirk and then turned his attention back forwards and swung the car around the turning circle to head back to the main road. It took them a few minutes to navigate out of the town centre through the string of traffic lights which, much to their annoyance, all seemed to be red despite there being no traffic. As they came off the ring road and onto the main road that would take them to their little hometown Alex was starting to feel confident she would make it home, or at least trying to tell herself that.

At the rate they were going she would be home in ten, maybe 15 minutes. She could hold on until then, sure it would feel like a long ten minutes given she was dying for a wee and really feeling like she was on the verge of wetting herself but it wasn’t like this was the first time she had come back from a night out absolutely bursting for the loo and having to make a mad dash upstairs when she had gotten home. She could do it, she just had to focus on not leaking each time a wave of desperation rocked her body.

She tried to distract herself by listening to the conversation Steph was having with James, telling him about their night. She tried to listen and input where she could but her mind was too focused on how badly she needed to wee. Her legs bounced in rhythm and she fanned her legs back and forth trying to ease the growing pressure she felt in her pussy. She just kept telling herself there wasn’t much longer, each passing minute was a minute closer to home and her much needed wee.

She was suddenly brought out of her trance-like state by a sudden flash of blue light illuminating the cars interior.

“Wonder what they want,” asked James, slowing down. Alex looked around and saw a police car flashing them indicating for them to pull over. “I knew you girls had been up to naughtiness” added James, laughing as he pulled across to the side of the road, coming to a stop.

“Haha very funny” replied Steph sarcastically “I wonder why they stopped us”. Alex didn’t know why there were being stopped, she didn’t care, all she knew was she really wished they weren’t being stopped, she really didn’t need any delays right now, just the car stopping was making her bladder scream in protest, knowing it had to wait longer. She squirmed desperately as she watched an officer climb out of the police car and walk slowly towards them.

He reached the driver's side window and James rolled it down. “Evening guys, just wanted to ask you a few questions if that’s alright?”.

“Yeah of course, no worries” replied James.

“Have you been drinking at all tonight Sir” asked the officer, looking around at everyone in the car.

“Nope, not tonight” said James confidently “these guys have, we’ve just come to pick them up, won’t drink when I’m driving”.

The officer looked back at the two girls in the back seat then back to James, would you mind providing a sample of breath Sir, just conducting routine checks to clamp down on drink drivers”.

“I don’t mind at all”

“If you would like to step out of the car and follow me”. James opened up his door and got out, following the officer back to the police car. Alex watched as he went. She knew he hadn’t been drinking, he never did when he knew he was driving. Even so this added delay wasn’t good. She knew it would be a close call whether she could make it home or not when she had estimated ten minutes. Now all she could do was sit there hoping whatever they were doing wouldn’t take long.

To be continued....

*011*2022-05-05 13:53

The seconds ticked by, slowly becoming minutes. Each one passing by agonisingly slowly for Alex who was going out of her mind with desperation. She couldn’t remember the last time she needed to pee so badly. It wasn’t just the fact she was dying to go for a wee, it was the fact that she had no option to do so. She was stuck in the back of the car, unable to do anything but desperately try and hold back the ocean inside her aching bladder. Any other situation and all inhibitions would be out of the window.

She would be opening her door and squatting right there next to the car, but with the police just behind there was no way she could do that. She could just imagine the irony of being pulled over for a drunk driver spot check and she ends up getting arrested for indecent exposure. All she could do was keep checking behind her, hoping to see James coming back so they could continue on home. If it weren’t for being stopped she would probably already be home, in her bathroom, having her much needed wee. Instead she was stuck here.

After what felt like an eternity James got out of the police car and came walking back over with the police officer laughing and joking. As James got back into the driver's seat the officer leaned down on the window. “Sorry for the inconvenience guys, we are just doing a sting operation to catch out drunk drivers and seeing a group of young people like yourselves driving out of town at this time aroused suspicions, but you are all fine and good to head on your way”.

“No need to be sorry mate, I’m with you on the whole drunk driver stance, better to be safe than sorry, you guys keep up the good work” replied James with a cheery smile. Alex just wanted to shout at him to get a move on but didn’t want to embarrass herself in front of the officer. As the officer left and headed back to his car James looked round with a bemused look and said “Well…that was fun, anyway, your normal taxi service has resumed, James Cab’s incorporated would like to thank your for patience, on with our pre scheduled journey, first port of call a Miss Stephanie's house”.

“You are such a goofball” said Steph, laughing as James pulled off.

“Thank god we are moving again” thought Alex, squeezing her thighs together tight around her pussy, “not long now, not long now”. They picked up speed again and were soon nearing the turn off for Stephs street. As they approached Steph leaned forward and said “Just drop us off up there by the petrol station, I will walk up to mine”.

“Are you sure, I don’t mind driving up”

“No honestly, it will only take me a minute to walk up, saves you having to faff about turning around”.

Alex whimpered in despair. She had decided when they got to Stephs she would have to ask if she could quickly pop in to use the loo. That had seemed a much better option than risking trying to make it home. Now thought that option had gone up in smoke if they were dropping Steph off at the bottom of her street. With that option gone she would have to try the same tactic when they went to drop Martin off. She was glad it was Martin that had come along and not Chris. Purely because she knew Martin well enough to ask for use of his bathroom. Chris she didn’t know too well so would have felt super uncomfortable asking.

They pulled up at the petrol station and as Steph said her goodbyes Alex hopefully looked over at the petrol station in the hopes of there being a toilet she could use but as expected it was closed up and was just manned by a single person at a window. As Steph got out Alex waved goodbye and then as they moved off resumed her desperate squirming. She suddenly felt less awkward squirming around as she was now alone in the back seat and it seemed the two boys were distracted with conversation.

As they approached their little town Alex was really starting to struggle. It felt like the closer she got to home the more her bladder reacted to knowing relief was getting near. The waves of desperation were getting more intense and she was only just managing to keep her knickers dry. That was until James said something that almost made her explode on the spot.

“Hey babe, do you want dropping off home on the way past then I will take Martin home or do you want to come with”.

She couldn’t answer fast enough “drop me at home please!”. The sudden excitement of knowing she was mere minutes from relief made her lose focus for a moment and she felt a few drops escaping into her knickers. She instinctively put her hand up her dress and pushed on her pussy through her knickers and then suddenly flushed as she remembered she was in company. Neither of the boys seemed to have noticed so she pulled her coat across her lap to hide the fact she was holding herself in the hopes of stopping any more leaks.

Alas her fingers couldn’t win out against the intense pressure from her bladder and she started feeling more warm drops against her fingertips. “No no no no, not now, almost there, just a couple more minutes, don’t wee yet, don’t come out please”. The thoughts circled her mind as she desperately tried to stop herself from weeing uncontrollably all over the back seat.

She was concentrating so much on her frantic need she didn’t notice they were on her street. It was only when the car stopped and she looked up that she realised they were outside their apartment building. Without hesitation she thanked James and quickly said goodbye to Martin whilst getting out of the car. The sudden change from sitting to standing caused her to spurt into her knickers. She squeezed her legs not wanting to openly grab herself whilst they were watching.

She shut the door and James said he wouldn’t be long. As they drove off she jammed her hand back under her dress and pushed against her desperate pussy. She could feel the wetness on her knickers and knew it wouldn’t be long before they got much worse. She hurried as quickly as she could, taking baby steps towards the entrance door.

“Just through the door, up the elevator, into the apartment and into the bathroom” she mumbled to herself. A few steps that seemed so easy but doing them without completely losing control seemed nearly impossible. She stumbled over to the door, stepping from foot to foot frantically as she went to get the keys out of her pocket. They weren’t in her pocket, either of them.

“Nooooo, no no no no no no” she moaned in despair, realising her keys were in her handbag, her handbag which was currently sitting in the backseat of James’ car. In her rush to get inside she hadn’t thought about her handbag, or needing keys. She couldn’t believe it, after holding on for so long and finally making it home she had locked herself out. Locked herself out when she was on the verge of a full blown wetting accident. Her bathroom seemed achingly close but she couldn’t reach it. Another spurt shot into her damp knickers.

“Oooooo James please hurry back”.

To be continued…

*013*2022-05-06 13:14

Final Part.

“He won’t be long, just a couple of minutes, Martin doesn’t live too far, just a little longer”.

She wasn’t sure whether she was trying to convince herself or her bladder. All she knew is she had to keep the confidence or she was going to explode. It was true though that Martin only lived a couple of minutes away. So James shouldn’t be too long, she just had to hold out a little longer, she had managed this long she could do it a little more. That was as long as James dropped Martin off and came straight back. Knowing her luck they would be sat in the car chatting away whilst she was standing here slowly losing control of her bladder and wetting herself.

She pulled out her phone, wanting to call him or message him asking him to be quick but the thought of admitting that she was nearly weeing herself because she couldn’t control her bladder seemed childish and god knows what he would think of her. All she could do was wait.

At this point she needed to wee so badly she would have happily just dropped her knickers like her friends had done in town, right now it sounded like a wonderful idea just to feel the relief, unfortunately there was nowhere discreet for her to do so in front of the building, especially not with CCTV camera’s covering everywhere. She really didn’t want the security guys in her building getting an eyeful when checking the footage or risk one of her neighbors catching her in the act. She was so thankful when she saw James pulling up in their parking spot and getting out of the car. As he walked over he looked confused as to why she was just standing there. “What are you doing babe?” he asked as he drew near.

“My keys are in my bag which is in the car, I can’t get in”.

“Oh right, I’ll get it for you”. He turned to go back to the car and her desperation took over.

“NO!, get it in a minute, I need you to open the door for me now!”.

The sudden tone of her voice shocked him and he looked round. Just as he was about to ask what was wrong he noticed her dancing on the spot. Stepping from foot to foot and looking worried. “Are you sure you're alright sweetie?”.

She felt herself flush with embarrassment as he stared at her obvious squirming. There was no use hiding it now. “I’ve been dying for a wee since we left town and now I’m seriously about 30 seconds from a full blown accident so pleeeeeease can you hurry up and open the door”.

He was taken aback by the sudden outburst but could clearly see she wasn’t joking. He pulled his keys out and pressed the fob to the sensor and with a click the door unlocked. The moment it clicked Alex pushed it open and ran towards the elevator. There was no way she could tackle the stairs. She frantically pushed the button and watched as it slowly descended.

James could only stare as his gf stood in front of him, bending at the waist, her gorgeous legs shaking and jiggling like crazy, her bum bouncing up and down as she pee danced. His cock twitched as he watched her, she looked so damn sexy in that dress.

Eventually with a ping the elevator opened and Alex rushed inside, once James was in she quickly pushed the button for their floor then resumed her squirming. She was almost there, this lift needed to hurry up and get to their floor, then she just had to get inside their apartment. She gasped suddenly as she felt a long spurt shoot out of her aching pee hole and soak the front of her knickers. She jammed a hand up her dress and against her pussy and let out a moan. She couldn’t lose it now, not after all she had done to make it this far.

James felt sorry for her, clearly she was absolutely desperate for the toilet but the sight of her suddenly lifting her dress and grabbing her pussy like that was really turning him on. Just watching her squeeze and rub herself like that was driving him crazy.

After an achingly slow journey to their floor the doors opened and she ran down the corridor with her hand clutching her pussy as more spurts shot out uncontrollably and ran down her legs. She reached their front door and stood gasping and moaning as James caught up.

His eyes widened as he walked towards her and he saw a couple of trails running down her legs. “She wasn’t joking, she really is on the verge of flooding everywhere” he thought as he watched the droplets snaking down her legs. Something about seeing that had his cock hard and pushing against his jeans. “Fuck she looks so damn hot right now” he thought, his hands trembling as he tried to put his key into the door.

When James finally opened the door she shot inside and made a beeline for the bathroom at the back of the apartment. With each step she felt herself spurting more and more, she just had to make it a little further before she could release the flood. As she burst into the bathroom the sight of the toilet right in front of her was too much for her brimming bladder. The spurts suddenly became a trickle which quickly intensified into a stream running down her legs onto the floor. Without thinking she stepped into the shower cubicle to avoid making even more of a mess on the floor and with a loud moan she accepted defeat and relaxed her aching muscles.

The stream began to gush full force into her knickers as her bladder finally released its massive flood. She couldn’t but let out a loud moan of ecstasy, it felt so good to release that pressure, the relief that washed over her body was amazing, almost orgasmic. She spread her legs and lifted her dress up to avoid it getting too wet and just stood completely wetting herself, she didn’t care anymore, it just felt so good to finally wee.

James stood in the doorway of the bathroom having followed her, watching his girlfriend in amazement. Clearly her desperation had been too intense and she hadn’t made it, now she was standing in the shower unleashing a torrent between her legs. He couldn’t look away. Something about watching her do that was driving him wild. His cock felt like it was about to burst through his jeans. Even more so when he realised she was doing it through the sexy little thong she was wearing. He didn’t know why it was having such an effect on him, he honestly didn’t care, all he knew was this was one of the sexiest things he had ever seen her do.

Alex let out a contented sigh as her stream finally slowed down and turned into a little trickle as her bladder finally emptied. As the feeling of relief dissipated she was left with the reality of what had just happened. She felt so embarrassed, she had just wet herself, a grown woman of 30 and she had just wet herself. Not only that but her bf had just witnessed her dancing around with pee running down her legs and seen her frantically running to the bathroom holding herself like a child. She had no idea what he was going to say about it, probably going to make fun of her.

She sighed when she looked down at her dripping wet knickers. Her plan of a sexy surprise was no longer a thing. She had been excited about him seeing her sexy new underwear and the thoughts of what he would do when he did see them had been driving her crazy all night. Now that was all ruined. The only solace was she had done most of it in the shower so hadn’t made too much of a mess on the bathroom floor. Plus she had managed to save her dress from the worst of the damage. She took it off, throwing it onto the bathroom floor. She would just have to quickly shower, get her jammies on and go and face the music with James. The thought of facing him was making her nervous.

James stared with desire as he watched her slide her sexy red dress off and throw it to the floor. His heart was pounding just as much as his cock as he stared at her standing there in just her wet knickers. He heard water start running and saw she had turned on the shower. He couldn’t stop himself any longer, his desire for her was driving him insane. In a quick motion he pulled his t-shirt off and threw it to one side as he fumbled with his belt.

She turned the shower on to let it warm up and as she reached down to remove her piss soaked knickers she was suddenly aware that James was behind her. She turned round reluctantly, preparing to explain when she was stopped in her tracks. James was standing at the door of the shower in just his boxers and her eyes widened when she saw the huge bulge in the front of them. Her heart started beating fast as she ran her eyes up and down his body, straying repeatedly to his cock straining against his boxers.

“James, I…couldn’t help it, I was so desperate I just…” her sentence was cut short as he suddenly pulled her close and pressed his lips against hers. She felt the electricity course through her body and gasped as his hands suddenly gripped around her bum. She let herself melt against him, feeling his cock poking against her as he intensely kissed her. She had no idea what had gotten into him, all she knew was all thoughts of embarrassment had melted away. When he pulled away from the kiss she looked at him and saw the desire burning in his eyes. “What was that about?”. She moaned softly.

“What happened just now….what….what you just did, I saw it, and….I don’t know why, I don’t care why, I just know that watching you do that was so goddamn hot, I can’t stop thinking about it”.

Her mouth fell open in disbelief. She had no idea he had been watching. She was worried about the stuff beforehand let alone him actually seeing her peeing herself. But more to the point, had he just said he found it…hot?”. She wasn’t sure what that meant; the only thing that mattered was that he wasn’t disgusted by what happened. “I…I don’t understan…”.

Again she was cut short by him pulling in for another kiss. She allowed herself to fall under his spell and gasped when she suddenly felt his fingers gently stroking against her pussy. For a few moments he softly teased her and then his hand pulled at the waistband of her knickers, slowly sliding inside. She whimpered as his fingers slipped inside her. She grabbed his arm before he went too far. “Hang on, let me take these off” she moaned, going to pull off her knickers, she was aware they were soaked in pee and didn’t want him to be grossed out. Before she could he stopped her and smirked.

“No, I want you to keep them on, they look sexy”. Before she could respond he pushed her back under the running water and resumed their kiss. His hand found its way back into her knickers and she moaned as his fingers found her clit. The pleasure began to take over as his fingers danced across her clit and all other thoughts and worries evaporated from her mind. Instinctively her hand reached out and grabbed his cock through his wet boxers, pulling it free and stroking it in rhythm with his strokes on her clit.

It didn’t take long before he was groaning in pleasure and she felt his cock pulsating in her fingers as he came all over them. She was surprised how quickly he had cum, he must have been really turned on. She moaned loudly as his fingers intensified their stroking on her clit and soon she followed suit, screaming in ecstasy as her pussy exploded with orgasm. Her knees buckled and she collapsed against him, trembling and whimpering as pleasure coursed through her body.

“Oh…my….god….that…felt….amazing” she moaned through sharp breaths. When the waves of pleasure had died down she went to stand up and go past him when he suddenly pushed her hard against the wall. She looked up at him and went weak when she saw his devilish smirk and in a quick motion he pulled her towards him under the running water and growled.

“Where do you think you are going? I am not done with you yet”

###

Alex flopped onto the bed and snuggled under the duvet. Moments later James came through the bedroom door holding two cups of tea. She certainly needed a drink after that. She wasn’t sure what had gotten into him tonight but that was the best sex they had ever had. She had lost count of how many times he had made her cum. He put the cups on the bedside table and flopped down next to her. She snuggled into him and laid her head on his chest. As she laid there curiosity got the better of her.

“You know before when you said you had found what I did hot? What did you mean?”. She looked up at him and found him deep in thought.

“I don’t know really, just, seeing the way you were acting in the lift and seeing you slowly lose control like you were, I found it…arousing. Then when I saw you standing there in the shower, just something about seeing you peeing through your knickers and all down your legs just stirred something in me, can’t explain what but damn it was sexy.

She thought for a moment then whispered “well maybe we will have to do some research into this and find out”. His eyes widened slightly and he smirked.

“Well that does sound like a fun idea, I’m sure one way or another we can get to the bottom of this”. She giggled and laid her head back on his chest. She had no clue why it had turned him on so much, all she knew was she had certainly enjoyed his response to it. Perhaps they had found a new thing to add to their ever growing list of fun kinky stuff to try out. They always did enjoy experimenting. It might not have been the sexy surprise she had planned but it had certainly awakened something in her man and she was sure they would have lots of fun figuring out what it was.

The End.

