Lola Gets Wet (with drawings)

Author: Gothes

*000*2022-09-27 16:02

Even though Lola was safe inside her tent the heavy splashes of the rainstorm raging outside were sounding menacingly loud as they were hitting the fabric walls of the woman’s shelter. Lola was feeling uneasy, not only because of the angry weather outside but she also had a major bladder problem that she had to solve before it was to late.

The woman had just reached the mountaintop as dark, menacing clouds were forming above her. She saw the thunderstorm approaching from the distance and therefore, unable to rest, immediately proceeded to set up her tent in record time before the first drops began to moisten the landscape.

Inside, her exhausting day finally came to a hold even though it wasn’t the peaceful, romantic alpine evening she was hoping for. Lola sighed exhausted and was happy to be safe insde the tent. Dehydrated she chugged the liquids of her water bottle down in no time. The hike, the heat, the stress and the internal panic attack of not making it before the rain would hit made her thirsty - and now, an hour later, with the storm outside getting stronger, Lola regretted every excessive drop she had drunk. The hiker was squirming inside her tent. It would’ve been so easy to just get out for a squat and let the grass tickle her butt. But much to Lolas disappointment, the rain had gotten painfully strong by then. Standing underneath it for less than a second would’ve been enough to soak the only clothes she had from top to bottom. Lola didn’t even bring a towel with her because … well, why should she have?

Peeing into the bottle was an option she got rid of immediately, the opening was to narrow. The chances of accidentally peeing all over the plastic floor were high and Lola had no intention to ruin her newly purchased tent. She didn’t even have something to clean it up later.

The risk of then having her tent smell like piss, maybe forever, wasn’t worth taking. So she waited, patiently, for the rain to finally stop but outside pretty much the opposite was happening. Thunder and lightning now flashed and echoed along the cold mountain walls. An eerie atmosphere was surrounding the woman, who was not enjoying the situation at all. In fact she was scared, maybe not to death, but still enough to start crying inside her tent. It was to much for her. All she wanted was a fun weeked adventure to escape her daily routine and now she found herself in this mess. The rain, the juice, the tears, the drops of urine that were slowly escaping her body, after “scary” the next best adjective to describe her situation would’ve been “wet”.

Kneeled on her sleeping bag, with both hands down her pants, squeezing against her pee hole, the desperate woman was giving her best to hold on until the end of the storm, but was it ever going to end? This was the question that caused her much concern and judging by the intensity of the chaos raging outside there didn’t seem to be any signs of stopping.

Lola was sweating. She needed to take a decision soon, her bladder wasn’t going to be patient for much longer, her thighs were getting sore from the squeezing and her fingers were already more moist than the outside of her tent. Drop after drop was dripping out of her pussy. What started as a result of occasional distraction was now becoming a frequent reminder that the warm liquids inside were begging to come out. In pain Lola gave it all to delay her relief. At that point though she knew that one thing was for certain: she was going to get wet. 

It was her decision now to decide how, by either peeing herself, by peeing insde the tent (which would then unavoidably cause her sleeping bag to soak up the puddle) or - or, get out in the rain and let the storm ruin all of her clothes meanwhile. It was clear that the last option was the obvious choice, Lola knew that since the beginning and yet she was still hesitant. The thought of getting completely soaked by heavy rain while getting punched in the face (and ass) by strong winds as lightning bolts were striking all around her was making her incredibly uncomfortable.

“Better to get wet by rain than by peeing yourself!”, she thought and just like that a decision was made. The desperate need for relief had become much stronger than the fear of potentially getting killed by lightning. She probably had to take her clothes off once she got back in and spend the rest of the night naked in her sleeping bag. Fortunately, it was a warm one, this was a sacrifice she was willing to make. As this thought however crossed her mind an idea popped into her head: “Naked!”

Hastily she began to take off one piece of clothing after the other. The cramped movements inside the narrow tent were making the woman scream in agony. She was so close to relief but still had to hold on for just a little more. Shoes, socks and sweater were the first to go. T-shirt and bra were next.

$$

Her bouncy breasts plummeted onto her chest once she ripped off her items all at once with an unnatural hurry. The stretching movements she had to do for this weren’t helping at all. Lola had to trust the remaining strength of her bladder muscles to do the job.

“I need a fucking piss, damn it! Come on, Lola, hurry up!”

Last to come off were pants and panties. Before she would do that she took a deep breath and pressed one hand against her crotch for two good seconds to make sure everything would stay in place. Sitting on the floor she took off what was left in the most hectic way possible. Lola was breathing heavily. Complaints and swear words were flying around inside the tent. The difficult challange of undressing was completed. All what was left now was to get out!

Lola bended over to zip open the tent’s round “door”. And of course, she struggled with it. The naked girl was pulling way to hard which caused the zipper to get stuck in the fabric constantly.

$$

“Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!”, she screamed angry. More and more spurts of urine were leaking out of her bare pussy. Lola had no time to stop it, she had to get that damned zipper open. Behind her, despite the rain, she could hear how the splashes were spraying all over her feet. After what felt like an enternity the entrance finally opened and the deafening sound of the rain entered the tent along with the cold and the creepy darkness from outside. Lola got up and stormed (pun not intended) out of her shelter. While doing so her left foot stepped on one of the many little, warm, puddles of urine on the tent’s floor making the woman slip and fall face forward into the wet grass. A youtube-worthy faceplant right into the mud. Her stomach slammed onto the ground - her bladder burst on the impact. It was like dropping an open waterballoon onto the floor.

$$

An explosion of piss shot out of the woman’s urethra, so strong that a bunch of spurts landed back inside the tent.

Lola felt the immediate relief and showed no intention in stopping it anymore. She had endured the pain for to long now. Letting it all out she got up on her knees, and her painful liquids could finally run wild underneath the fury of the thunder gods. And what a great feeling it was! So much relief, and so much pain that were slowly vanishing. As were the tears on Lolas face and the mud that was covering her body.

“Aaaah… heaven!”, she mumbled. Hours of agony finally came to a close, flushed away by a yellowish fountain of joy and pleasure.

$$

The hissing sound was louder than the rain hitting the grass. Her pee stream was strong, but not enough to withstand the heavy gusts of wind that were spraying the liquid gold all over her legs. Lola enjoyed seeing mother nature having fun playing with her pee stream. Quite an arousing sight.

The raindrops on her naked body felt like little needle stings, the splashes stimulated her bladder only more and the rumbling booms of thunder blessed Lola with the most intense pee she’s ever had. Oh how she moaned. What an experience!

However, as much of a sublime moment that was, Lola had no intention to stay one second longer underneath the deluge. Once her bladder felt empty she fled back inside and stayed there, dripping in water and piss until finally, after another abundat hour of rain, warm beams of light broke through the clouds.

The day ended with a magical sunset and Lola drying her bare skin in the last rays of sunshine. It seemed like nature’s way of apologizing to Lola for having caused her this much discomfort … or maybe, just maybe it was a thank you from the mountain, for having graced it’s fertile ground with her delicious pee.

*005*2022-09-28 04:59

{{7 hours ago, DerivativeWings said:

I'm a sucker for naked desperation.

}}

Same... also, drawing boobs is fun lol

