The Heartwarming Flood - The Cast So Far

Author: Guest AromaticPee

*000*2022-05-18 22:07

The Heartwarming Flood is a sensual tale about a threesome relationship between two girls and a boy. It has Omo themes and other fetish content.

I would like to share more detailed info about the characters we've seen in Part 1 and Intermission 1. Please enjoy, as always!

Tracy Prancer

Gender: Female

Age: 22

Eye Color: Green, speckled with white

Hair Style and Color: Two ponytails - one red, one blue

Body Quirks: Large bosom, with each breast tattooed with the Orzhov Syndicate's sun; somewhat slender arms and legs; red armpit hair, unshaven; very large butt - she calls it her "tushie"; puffy vulva; red pubic hair, sparse - she calls it her "peach fuzz"; strong bladder

Favorite Activities: Gymnastics; walking out in public; yoga, she doesn't care whether she's clothed or naked; a variety of more risqué activities, especially urination and masturbation

Personality: Tracy is easily the most lewd out of all the characters. Her mind is very dirty, and she's willing to make love to anyone, even other girls. Even then, she's a very friendly gal.

Potty Dance: I kid you not - with a smile on her face, she crosses her legs and literally starts to dance!

View on Bathrooms: "We should definitely share bathrooms. I mean, I still go to the men's rooms on purpose! They smell so good..."

###

George Lee

Gender: Male

Age: 19

Eye Color: Red like a roaring fire

Hair Style and Color: Medium cut - black

Body Quirks: Slightly muscular arms; normal-sized butt; shaved armpits; smaller-than-average junk, shaved; abnormally weak bladder

Favorite Activities: Walking around with Tracy; drawing doodles, sucking on pacifiers he finds

Personality: George is very shy. He acts like a baby sometimes, i.e. crying when he wets himself. The one thing he wishes he had was an adult diaper... or at least a few packs of them.

Potty Dance: He jumps up and down.

View on Bathrooms: "They should be a haven for people like me."

###

Riley "the Dozer" Smith

Gender: Female

Age: 18

Eye Color: Lavender

Hair Style and Color: Long cut, blonde

Body Quirks: Small bosom, with puffy nipples; medium-large butt; shaved armpits; smooth vulva; blonde pubic hair, trimmed to look like a spade; normal bladder strength

Favorite Activities: Arts and crafts; sleeping; masturbating in bed; bedwetting

Personality: Riley is more of a nighttime person. She may be sleepy and lazy during the day, but she is very smart and hard-working. When in her signature trance, she's surprisingly aware of her surroundings. At night, she stays up late and acts like a normal person would during the day.

Potty Dance: She presses her hands against her vulva, shifts uncomfortably, and looks for a suitable place to pee. If she's in bed, she doesn't hold it.

View on Bathrooms: "I go wherever I can. Bathrooms are *yawning* just a best-case scenario."

###

"Valentine" Hailey Enoshima

Gender: Female

Age: 18

Eyes: Pink with heart-shaped pupils

Hair Style and Color: Bob cut with bangs, brown

Body Quirks: Small bosom; normal-sized butt, tattooed with four hearts on each cheek; shaved armpits; smooth vulva; pink pubic hair, waxed in a heart shape; bladder strength depends on mood

Favorite Activity: Arts and crafts

Personality: Hailey is kind of a bully. She's known all around the school for spanking male students after putting glitter on their bare butts. Most know that Hailey loves to see her victims' terror etched on their faces. However, she's prone to mood swings and quick changes of heart when seeing someone cry.

Potty Dance: She squirms and jumps and crosses her legs, but she never even touches her vulva.

View on Bathrooms: "I often find the bathroom to be a perfect place for me and Riley to talk as we pee. We usually pee together and share some of our notes from class. And I'm very pee-shy without having Riley peeing next to me."

###

Noel Johnson

Gender: Male

Age: 21

Eye Color: Brown

Hair Style and Color: Short cut, brown

Body Quirks: Muscular arms and legs; normal everywhere else

Favorite Activity: Being on the receiving end of torturous practices

Personality: Noel is an "emo" masochist in a maid outfit. He used to spy on girls and watch them strip down, though, so he has some pretty messed-up origins.

Potty Dance: He just asks if he can go. Nothing else. No moves, no hiding it, no embarrassment.

View on Bathrooms: "No comment."

