Margo's Mishap

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2017-07-23 15:47

It has been a questionable few months, And when I say questionable I really mean "Jesus fucking christ what has this year become!?" But while things occurred, I began trying to write omorashi again...and proceeded to suck total dick at it. So I'm back to the practice phase of trying to write desperation and peeing. I always like to try and put my own characters through their omo-paces, putting them in lewd situations and see how it plays out. Anybody who read my interactive will know Margo, but she is the one character I never properly put in a desperation situation.

So enjoy. And feedback is always appreciated. ^^

Now begins the fun of rereading it a million times for errors.

____

The contract hung from a board in the tavern, sticking out among the usual clutter of store owners advertising their wares. Margo had taken great interest in it when she saw it. Not for the pay, which would be welcoming for supplies, but rather because this small bout of plague that infected the town was keeping the pathway through the mountains closed. It was simple enough for the young engineer, the alchemists working to cure the afflicted had called for anybody who would be willing to visit a wizard out in the depths of the forest in the hopes he could formulate a cure and get the pathway open once again.

Margo was a short girl with a gnomish figure, pale skin and dark eyes. She always wore an old witches hat over her long jet black hair. A reminder of her sister and something to accommodate for her lack of height. She was an easy girl to miss. Although she was young, she looked far older for her age, wearing a pair of thick circular glasses that sat atop her red, stubby nose and an expressionless glare . She never ventured anywhere alone, often travelling with her companion: a mechanical girl she had restored a few ago. The mechanical girl, who always referred to herself as A267, followed Margo like she was the girls shadow. Although an amalgamation of metal and fabricated parts, A267 could not be distinguished from a normal girl. She had the looks of an older sister, even if she looked nothing like her companion. She was a cute looking girl with long brown hair, often died up in a messy ponytail.

It was a chilly autumn morning over the mountains. Margo sat atop her companions shoulders, like she always would, as they walked through the forest.

“Mother? Why are we going instead of the alchemists?”

“Because they already have their hands full taking care of the ill.”

“So it’s not because this wizard likes to capture children and steal cats so he can boil them?”

“You’ve been listening to the miners in town again, haven’t you?” Margo sighed. “When were you listening to their obscure rumours?”

“They were talking after breakfast."

“I left you for five minutes...” Margo shook her head. It was not uncommon for commoners to mistake anybody with even a slither of magical talent for some kind of shadow stalking bogeyman. It added even more fire to their fears when the wizard in question was the former Martial Wizard of the Magick Arcanum. They were an unwelcome faction in this land, prying around the ruins of the first kingdom just beyond the great mountain. But the towns alchemists had spoken highly of the former Martial Wizard, and it was the word of highly trained mages over the word of half drunken sceptics afraid of anything that could be shot from somebody’s fingertips.

The girls followed the river. After a little while, they reached the wizards residence, a cozy little cottage nestled between the trees. A small plume of smoke rose from the chimney and a small robin landed on the windowsill, surveying the wizards guests. As they walked through the yard, Margo caught the smell of lavender and mint in the air. A few small gardens were responsible for the pleasant smell, housing bounties of alchemy ingredients, more than one man could ever need. It was becoming quite queer for Margo to see such a calming little land on this side of the world. The girls walked through the garden up to the front door.

BANG! BANG! BANG! Her knock echoed through the trees.

A pair of withered grey eyes responded to the banging, meeting the tip of Margo’s pointed hat when they peered through a small slot at the top of the door. They gazed down to see the wearer staring back up at them. “You’re the former Martial Wizard?”

“I am.” A charming, yet aged voice responded.

“My name is Margo. I’m here on behalf of the alchemists guild in the town a few miles east. They asked me to come see you.”

“Is that so?” The man behind the door muttered.

Margo nodded.

The man grumbled. “Alright, come on in. Must be important if they’re sending little girls in their place.” The small eye hole slammed shut. From behind the door, the sounds of locks could be heard shuffling and sliding. “My history doesn’t permit to live as comfortably as I had once imagined.” The man emerged, wrapped in a robe stained with various coloured liquids. He had a rather, fatherly figure about him, with polite a smile and a balding head, complete with a shaggy yet short beard. “I’m the former Martial Wizard of the Scholar Arcanum. An unwelcomed kind on this side of the mountain. Other than the alchemists, most people go about believing everybody wearing that sigil is here to rape them and dissect their corpses.” The wizard opened the door wide, beckoning the girls to enter. “I prefer my alchemical pursuits over sodomy and dissection.”

The inside of the cottage was larger than the outside had led Margo to believe. It was a single floored cottage, all one large room, filled to the rafters with alchemy tools: Vials, beakers and containers of all shapes and sizes sat atop the shelves and some even lay scattered around the floor. Colourful mixtures of all kinds sat atop roaring fires, bubbling and steaming. Small gardens, lit by small orbs of arcane light sat perched on the tables. But the centre piece of the wizards arcane paraphernalia was a large channel teleporter sitting in the centre of the room, A large golden arch-shaped device with a small panel and glowing tubes running around it. A blue aura emanated from it, brightening up the whole cottage with a blue tinge. Behind the teleporter stood an old pole bearing two sickles and an occult symbol, the banner of the Magick Arcanum.

“Can I interest you and...your companion...in some tea?” The wizard stuttered as he was met with the mechanical girls fearful stare.

“You’re not going to eat us, are you?” She asked.

“A267!” Margo nudged her companion. “Don’t ask such absurd questions.” She looked back to the wizard. “I apologize for my companion. We would love some tea, if we are not impeding on any of your work.”

The wizard chuckled. “You girls impeded any work I had planned when you knocked on my door. Come this way please. You can explain your needs at the table.” He led Margo through the large room, past all the beakers to a small, finely prepared table in the west of the room. It was much less spacious, but far more cosy than the rest of the cottage. “Please, do take a seat. I shall fetch the tea.”

Margo nodded and as soon as the wizard vanished back into the main room, she snapped her fingers, ordering the android to pull out a chair and lift her onto it. Something felt strange about the peace of the nook, it wasn’t much to Margo’s liking.

“Mother? What if he turns us into frogs?” The android whispered.

“He’s not going to.” Margo sighed. “Just sit down and be polite. And no stupid questions.” A267 obeyed and took a seat beside Margo.

The wizard reappeared, holding a fair-sized teapot filled with hot tea. He placed it down on the table and offered Margo a cup, which she took gleefully, unlike her companion who just stared with the fear of a lamb to slaughter.

“Again, I apologize for my companion. She is not a tea drinker.”

“I see.” The wizard ignored her and poured himself a cup. “So, why have these alchemists sent you out to me? Word does not travel to me often."

“Many of the people have complained of stomach aches, flu, sickness,” Margo begun. She took a sip of the tea. It was delicious, strong and sweet, much better than the regurgitated bog water that passed for tea on this side of the mountains. Margo didn’t even finish at her sip, abandoning the rest of her explanation to finish the whole mug. “This tea is amazing.” She said, wiping the rest tea from her lips with her sleeve.

“By all means, have another mug. Tea is the one commodity that rarely falls victim to scarcity.” The mage poured Margo another mug. On the condition she explain the situation before drinking. The young engineer obliged, explaining how the town had fallen victim to plague. The alchemists of the town had traced it’s origins to rats polluting the nearby mines, but the twist of the story was how the plague was not easily defeated with common plague remedies. The wizard sat, carefully nursing his tea and hanging onto every word.

“I see.” He finally said after Margo finished telling the story. The wizard sat back in his seat, took a sip from his tea and thought for a moment. “You’re not afflicted yourself, are you? Either of you? Any symptoms like the townsfolk?”

“Ah!” The android looked at her companion with a worrisome look. “What about the other night, mother!? The tummy upset that had you on-”

“Not relevant! A267!” Margo cut her off before she could continue. “That...” her cheeks ran red, “that was an unrelated matter.” Not the most pleasant night. Margo composed herself. “Neither of us have grown ill. The alchemists quarantined the afflicted to a small row of houses.”

The mage leant forward again. “Well, I make no guarantees, but I might be able to make something to help with such a matter. Such an elixir will require something from my...exotic reserves.” The Wizard got up from the table and made his way toward the teleporter in the centre of his study. “Make yourselves at home. I shall return shortly.” With the pull of a lever, the teleporter came to life, humming vigorously. The blue aura grew stronger and just like that the wizard vanished in the light.

“A267, hand me the teapot.” Margo ordered the android. The pot still had plenty of tea sloshing around in it. She poured herself another cup, sipping from it before downing the whole mug. “If only we made tea like this in the tunnels.” It was indescribable. So sweet. She finished the whole pot herself. It felt like a crime to let such good tea go to waste. Margo sighed happily and sat back in her chair, enjoying the sounds of science at work, the boiling beakers, the whistles and chimes of the channel teleporter. After a short while though, the urge to expel herself of the tea she had greedily drank came knocking. “I shall be back in a moment, A267. I have to use the facilities.” She hopped down from her chair and briskly made her way to the front door. It was only on her feet when Margo noticed just bad it was.

“But mother...you can’t...” A267 called out.

“What you mean I can’t?” Margo undid the array of locks on the front door, realizing for herself the issue when she reached the small keyhole at the bottom. It was enough to make her bladder wince.

“He locked the door after inviting us in.” A267 reminded her.

“...And he left through the teleporter...” Margo finished “...with the key...” She struck the door and sighed. There were a few small drawers by the door which Margo rooted through, hoping to find a spare, but the best she could turn up were some tattered papers. “I guess I can wait. Hopefully this should not take too long.”

A half hour passed. Margo only knew because she had taken to listening to the sounds of the mechanism of the channel teleporter, which ticked with each passing second, not unlike a clock. And she had only taken to listening to that to distract herself from the sounds of a dripping beaker, which while soothing at first, only grew more grating on her ears as her need to use the lavatory grew more urgent. She had taking to pacing impatiently back and forth. It didn’t feel as bad when she was moving around.

“How long does this damned wizard intend on taking!?” Margo yelled impatiently.

“Were we foolish to trust him mother? The townspeople didn’t speak highly of him. What if this is some trick? What if he’s going to re-emerge with an army of undead?”

“Be quiet, A267. Stop letting those ignorant stories and tales get in your head.” Besides, at the moment, the only thing I’m susceptible to is wetting myself. Margo thought. “Come,” She beckoned the android over, “let’s take a look around.” She had been curious to take a gander at the wizards lab, and perhaps examining the curiosities of the former Martial wizard would help take her mind off things.

Books, lab research, work stations, filling every nook and cranny of the room. The wizard was clearly big on his studies, as to be expected of even a former Martial Wizard. Magical and alchemical pursuits were his calling and a one he was highly gifted in. At first, Margo examined several books along the shelves, recognizing a few of them from her days in the tunnels. There were numerous alchemy tones that her sister had once possessed, mostly writings and studies about the potency and practical applications of plants that grew north of the great mountains. Nothing interesting to her. Nothing in the beakers interested her either.

She had no idea what half of the concoctions were. Was the wizard making potions? Poisons? Elixirs? As she stared at one container, which was dripping a greyish liquid into a vat of water, Margo couldn’t distract herself from the sound. Each drip made her bladder wince. Suddenly, she found herself thinking about the containers more than their contents. All she could think about was herself huddled over one of the empty beakers. The sound of tinkling and hissing as she did her business. The relief as her bladder emptied. For a short time, she felt like she was in her own little sanctuary.

“Mother?” A267s voice snapped Margo out her daydream. “Mother, are you okay?”

The fantasy was gone as quickly as it came. the thought of sitting with a beaker and relieving herself of the tea, gone from her mind. It felt so good, which just made her feel worse when she was forced back with her full bladder. “I-I’m going to sit back d-down.” She hastily made her way back to the table.

Another twenty minutes passed. Margo’s situation grew no better, and it felt like she on the precipice of an accident. She sat at the table, cross-legged and tightly clutching between her legs to prevent her bladder from spilling out. The pain was near unbearable, her muscles were getting tired and the burning feeling in her...area...was horrible, it was like holding back a giant dam between her legs. “He won’t be much longer.” She kept quietly telling herself. “Next time I visit a wizard...I’m making sure he unlocks the fucking door...” She lay her head on the table, grabbing herself tighter. “What I wouldn’t give just to do it...”

Suddenly, almost as if some other-worldly being heard her plea, something gleamed in the corner of Margo’s eye. The tin pot the wizard had served tea in. Completely empty. Margo stared at the teapot, glaring as if it was the last hope she had. A crooked smile formed as the teapot glistening in the light.

“Mother you’re not thinking about...in…there?”

She was. “Of course not!” The engineer replied almost immediately. “I’m not going to stoop so low as to do my business in a teapot!” She turned her gaze away from the teapot. She wanted to keep some semblance of decency in her companions presence, but with each second that passed it felt more and more like an impossibility.

She held out five more minutes before, finally, Margo could contain herself no longer. She submitted to the desperate desires of her bladder. If she couldn’t use the lavatory...then the teapot, against her better judgement, would suffice. She couldn't hold it in any longer. “A267,” Margo squeaked, “Would you mind waiting over there...?”

The girl tilted her head. “Mother? Are yo-”

“Wait over there please.” The android obeyed, turning her back to her young companion. Margo reached out and grabbed the teapot from the centre of the table, still keeping one hand firmly pressed between her legs. She took a deep breath. She was really about to do this. Pissing in a teapot.

Margo inched herself towards the edge of the chair, giving herself just enough room to...angle the teapot correctly. She undid her belt, pulled up the bottom of her long shirt and started shuffling to undo her trousers, pulling them down to her knees. There was a slight draught beneath the table, cold enough to make Margo shiver as the cold air caught her...somewhere. The cold tin wasn’t exactly flattering on her bare thighs either. She took a deep breath and leant forward.

Before she could go, a flash of light burst into the room, catching the girls off-guard. Margo flinched, almost dropping the teapot. The wizard had returned at the most inopportune time. Margo felt her heart sink and her cheeks burn with crimson. Shame. Shame, embarrassment and humiliation unlike anything she had ever felt struck when she saw the silhouette emerging from the flash of light. There she was sat, with her trousers down and a teapot wedged between her inner-thighs. Before the blinding light faded, Margo quickly threw the teapot back onto the table and yanked her trousers back up, feeling a small dribble escape as her quick movement allowed her bladder a small respite to relieve the pressure. It took all of her energy, but Margo stopped it at a single spurt. Her crotch stung as she halted herself.

“I apologize for the long wait.” The wizard emerged from the teleport clutching a small leather sack. “Unfortunately there are some ingredients I cannot keep under these conditions.”

The wizard was back. Thank heavens! He was back! While he muttering to himself, Margo, overwhelmed with desperation, pounded down on the table. “If you could unlock your door please.” Margo did not ask. She demanded.

“Is something the matter?” The wizard asked with concern.

“Just...the door...please...”

Without haste, the wizard took a small silver key from his pocket and unlocked the door. The small click of the door unlocked was the best thing poor Margo had heard all day. She could go outside. She was free to, at long last, relieve herself.

“A267!” Margo snapped her fingers repeatedly. “Some assistance!” Her legs felt weak, she was unable to walk, let alone get off the chair with two hands indignantly forced between her legs. If she moved them even an inch away from her crotch, she’d wet herself. The android lifted her companion onto her shoulder. Just another minute. She just had to hold out another minute. She bit her lower lip. It was so close, but just as they approached the door...too late. Margo gave out, her muscles unable to hold back any longer. Her bladder sprayed out, soaking through her undergarments and trousers. Margo couldn't stop herself and at this point, as her urine washed down her thighs and began filling her boots, she just accepted it. The relief was enough to make her shudder. She bit her tongue to stifle her urge to sigh or make any sound.

“Heh...my shoulder feels...warm...” A267 looked down where her companion was sitting. The pool of warm urine was Soaking into her shoulder. Margo pulled the brim of her hat down as far as she could, hiding her shame in the darkness of her hat as she could not halt herself. When it was over, Margo sat completely still. It was almost like instinct, the old childish notion of “They can’t see me if I can’t see them.” She was soaked, A267 was soaked, the floor was soaked. A whole pot of teas worth of urine now covered the poor girls.

“Mother...” The android looked up. “Are you finished? Do you fee-”

“Don’t say another word...” A voice squeaked, muffled beneath the hat.

“I apologize...” The Wizard said, speaking in a tone that made it seem like he harboured the blame. "I didn't anticipate such a incident happening." The wizards cheeks also ran crimson as he stared at the growing puddle. "Allow me to warm some water for you both. Please.

A large basin was brought from outside. The wizard filled it and left the water to heat up over the fire. He didn’t say anything. He didn’t even look at her. A267 cleaned up where Margo’s accident had pooled around her feet and once she was done there, took their clothes to be washed. Of course, the wizard left them to their privacy behind a divider so the girls could bath without intrusion and so he could get to work formulating a plague cure. Margo stripped off her soggy trousers and sat in the bath with the shame still fresh. It felt nice, at least, a hot bath to wash away the dampness.

“It’s nothing to be ashamed of, mother.” The android slid Margo forward and sat in the bath behind her. She picked Margo up and sat her on her lap, comforting her like an older sister. “We all have our mishaps.” She squeezed her tightly. “I don’t think any less of you.”

Margo’s cheek ran red again. “I k-know...” She spluttered. “M-my hair...if you will.”

After their bath, the girls didn’t wish to overstay their welcome. Especially after what had happened. The wizard handed Margo a large bottle of black liquid with a faint scent of liquorice and sent the girls on their way.

It was a quiet walk back to town. Margo didn't feel like speaking much. She just sat on A267s shoulder with the brim of her hat covering her eyes.

“Once we’re back in Reddington, next stop: The great mountain! Right, mother?” The android finally spoke.

The androids cheerful tone caught Margo off-guard, like it had many times before. She wrapped her arm around her companion and rested her head by her ear. “Indeed it is.” She smiled.


