Inseperable

Author: Guest cherry65

*000*2018-10-06 01:22

I have been working on this for years. I finally have the courage to start putting my stories out there. Good stories with substance, so here goes. 

Chapter 1 

Charlie 

Let’s start from the beginning. Charlie and Jess are brother and sister, they live in a house on the south side with their 3 other siblings. Their parents have struggled with addiction for years. When Charlie was born, because of his mothers substance abuse he was born different. Due to complications during the pregnancy he was born with a twisted blader and tangled tubes. His mother was often absent and left shorty after Ethan, the youngest was born. She left her 5 children with their incabable father which meant Jessica and Emelia the twins, were left to care for their siblings. From birth Jessica absolutely adored her brother Charlie dispite his disadvanatages they were inseperable. She didnt mind the fact that he would probably never be out of diapers and loved to care for him anyways. Having practially raised Charlie, Lisa and Ethan by themselves Emelia was not convinced that Charlie couldn’t be fixed. She always pushed Jessica to try harder to potty train Charlie and that she shouldnt encourage him to use his diaper. This went on for years. It is now 2018 Jessica is 25 and Charlie is a young and handsome 17 years old. Charlie rolls over in bed to wake Jessica who is still asleep “Jess?” He nudges “I leaked..” Jess opened her eyes and lifts the covers to see Charlies soaked diaper, wet sheets, and that hes wet her pant leg too. “It’s okay, let’s get you cleaned up” she picks up Charlie and carrys him to the large change table across from the bed. She lies him now and starts to undo the tapes on the soaked diaper. “Do you have to go potty before I put you into your pull up?” She asks while reaching for the wipes. “No I just went” says Charlie with a smirk. “Charlie! Emelia is gonna kill me if I wash another load of pee soaked sheets we promised her no more wetting on purpose.” Jess finishes up and puts on Charlies new pull up “there, all better now go eat something”. Charlie hops off the change table and slides on his sweat pants. The top of the pull up just peeking out the edges, shirtless he heads down stairs. Jess puts her brothers dripping diaper into a bag and heads downstairs where the family is having breakfast. Charlie grabs a baby bottle out of the cupboard and start making formula. When Jess comes back inside she notices Charlie sucking the warm formula out of the baby bottle “I said real food!” “Its protein” laughs Charlie sneaking off into the other room before she can grab it from him. “You know hes going to be back in school soon and you won’t be able to change him” Emelia says to be Jess. “ he can’t help it.” Says Jess defensively, not wanting her brother to out grow his need for her. “I’m having a few people over for drinks tonight to celebrate my new job.” Says Emelia while making breakfast for the younger two. “Thats great ill pick up some beer on my way home from work” says Jessica while putting on her shoes to head to work. 

Later that night... 

Jess walks in carrying two cases of beer “I’m home!” Charlie runs up to help her with the beer and kisses her on the cheek before grabbing the cases. She follows him into the kitchen and pulls the edge of his pants towards her to check his pull up, to find its damp. She grabs his hand and pulls him upstairs. Once theyre in the bathroom she pulls down his pants and pull up and sets him down on the potty. “Atleast I made it” says charlie. “We’re going to put you in a real diaper tonight especially since were going to be drinking. I won’t be able to change you every five minutes.” She laughs poking fun at him. Charlie finishes on the potty and she helps him into the thick padded diaper. They start to hear friends arriving for the party. 

To be continued... 
