Phases

Author: Guest zimw00t

*000*2018-02-28 09:13

Foreword from the author:

This is a story I've been working on, and as you can see, it's gonna be a loooooong one. I like switching viewpoints a lot, too, as I find it's helpful to reveal exposition when writing third person omniscient. Anyway this is the first sampling, and you don't really get to see a lot of the Omo content yet. Just a glimpse of it, really. They'll be plenty more to come, trust me. I just don't like to rush things, least of all the plot of a good narrative.

Just some warnings of content that'll probably be showing up down the line, for people who may not be into this stuff: diapers, light infantilism, physical age regression, transgender transformation/futa, lesbians probably, pregnancy, whatever other weird shit i feel like adding in. I've got a lot of fetish type things and my goal is to pretty much use all of them somewhere in this story. Also just a spoiler because this isn't obvious from the first bit I have written here, there's some supernatural type shit going down and it's only gonna get stranger. strap yourselves in for it.

###

Christine glared at the thinnest hand on the clock, colored red, as it ticked off each agonizing second. Each tick was another painful reminder of exactly how many hundreds of seconds she had left. When her eyes began to blur over from concentrating so hard on that single spot, she switched the focus of her glare back to the woman across from her.

A strong, confident woman in her dark pantsuit, she always seemed to have a smug look on her face. It was like she knew some secret, one she would drops hints toward while never fully revealing. It was beyond frustrating.

Besides that there was the fact that the woman knew she was in full control of the situation. It was like she was gloating, having won some unspoken contest. Christine had decided to give the woman the silent treatment. In response, she in turn was being given the silent treatment. Nearly half and hour had passed since their meeting had begun, and not a word had been spoken.

Christine had decided that this was a contest she was probably going to lose in the end anyway. It was a small victory for the woman, but she wouldn’t let it stand. She would have to be the first to speak, but she say just the right words to take hold of the situation again. She collected her thoughts, chose her words very carefully, and opened her mouth.

And the other woman spoke first. “You seem to have a knack for getting yourself into trouble,” she said in a casual, disarming way. Her smile was friendly, and her tone had not a hint of mockery in it. Christine wanted very badly to hate this woman, but she couldn’t find a single legitimate reason to. She’d have to settle for spite.

“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” It was a fairly weak reply, but it was all Christine had for the moment.

The woman chuckled. It didn’t even sound forced. If she wasn’t the picture of the ideal guidance counselor for troubled youth, she was a very good actor. Christine could see it now. The woman would befriend her, show that she genuinely cares about her and her future, and Christine would slowly warm up to the older woman and turn her life around. At least that’s how it was supposed to play out.

The woman stood suddenly, putting her hands on the desk and adopting a very serious look. “Don’t bullshit me. We both know exactly the kind of shit you were doing that landed you here. Partying, drug abuse, underaged drinking, and then going out joyriding all in the same night. You’re lucky nobody was killed.” As she listed Christine’s various offenses, a glint of fury in her eye that hinted she was at the edge of violence. Christine was instantly terrified.

This woman seemed to know exactly what she was thinking would happen next, only so she could do the exact opposite. Nothing was going as she expected.

“If I saw my daughter,” the woman continued, “living as recklessly - as irresponsible - as you..!” She trailed off and seemed to notice how far Christine had sunk into her chair. She sat there quivering a moment, still leaning with her arms on the table in front of her. The confident, professional woman she’d been a moment before replaced by a disheveled rage monster. Her dark hair seemed frazzled and out of place with her professional attire.

And it was in this that Christine saw her opening. A weakness, to be used against the woman. Something she could prod at. She sat up, slightly more confident again, and shot the woman back a daring look.

“I don’t have to take this from you! Where do you get off using that kind of language with a minor? I should call your supervisor, or child protective services, or something. I feel like I’m being threatened.” As soon as those last words were out of her mouth, she wanted to take them back. If she’d learned anything from being bullied in high school, it was that the aggressor never liked to be called aggressive. Tell them you feel threatened, and they’ll be sure to give you something to feel threatened about.

But again, she was thrown for a loop as the woman, with barely contained humor, simply said, “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” The words were barely out of her mouth before she was in a fit of laughter. Christine was now certain the woman was insane.

“Is this all some sort of joke?”

“Life is a joke,” the woman replied without pause through her laughter. “With enough experience you’ll come to see how fun it can be.” She finally calmed down and sat back in her chair with that same charming smile she began with. “Miss Malaprop- no that’s too formal. I’m just gonna call you Christine- Christine, I hope you don’t take me or these sessions too seriously. Honestly I don’t care about you or your problems all that much. I have dozens of other kids I have to listen to who all actually want to be here and listen to my advice. You clearly wish you were somewhere else, as you spent the first 30 minutes staring at the clock and saying nothing.

“Sorry if I dug into you a bit there with my Mom Voice. It was worth it to see the look on your face in those few moments you were actually terrified.” Christine was baffled. The woman seemed twenty years younger than she had minutes ago. In both her mannerisms and speech, it was like she wasn’t much older than Christine herself. Yet she looked the same, still wore the same clothes. It didn’t seem right.

There was only one thing for Christine to do. She cracked a smile, and laughed.

As Lucina sat across from young Christine she felt the girl’s trust open up to her. It was a warm feeling, that flooded the entire room with a bright yellow energy. The energy was only visible to her, of course, and she quickly lapped it up. It was a deep well of energy. The girl was a tricky one at first but near the end Lucina hardly needed to read the girls thoughts to anticipate her next one. She had now opened her trust almost completely, and would be even easier to manipulate from this point on.

Lucina smiled warmly as the girl began another round of laughter at something she’d just said. Inwardly she grinned devilishly at all the fun they were going to have together, and how she would make the girl submit completely without even knowing it.

I knew playing the part of guidance counselor was going to be fun.

Daniel was a real coward. This occurred to him after the third day in a row of not even being able to make eye contact with his new lab partner in Biology. It was a shame too, she had such beautiful eyes. They were such a bright shade of green it was almost unreal. With her fiery hair and freckles dotting her face, she was a real ginger beauty. He could stare at her all day.

Unfortunately that was all he had done. Stare at her. At an angle. While trying to appear not to stare. And not saying a word. He knew that if she had noticed, she’d probably think he was creepy, or else mentally handicapped in some way. He thought he was pretty good when it came to ogling without being noticed. He’d been doing it with the girls he’d had crushes on since grade school. Actually talking to them had hardly ever occurred to him, and when it had it terrified him.

He knew he’d eventually be forced to talk to Eva. She was his lab partner, after all. But he’d probably only talk about whatever school assignment they were working on, never about his boring personal life and certainly never to ask her out or anything. He wouldn’t even know where to begin trying to ask a girl out.

Mr. Blanchard was lecturing about bones or something up front. Daniel tuned him out. He never paid attention during lectures, and found copying notes from the book and his friends was more helpful anyway. He hated high school so much. Part of him wished he could go back to the simpler times, when he was younger. School had been a glorified daycare back then. Any actual learning on his part had been accidental.

Eva looked just as bored. She usually did. Yet there was something in her eyes that also hinted she was very focused on something. It just wasn’t whatever Mr. Blanchard was going on about. She had something on her mind, and was deep in thought with it. Still, whatever it was, she also looked like she was ready to fall asleep. It was an odd look. Distracted focus. He wondered what she could be thinking about.

Evangeline had been slightly amused that her subtle mental projection to Mr. Blanchard that he pair her with the most socially awkward student in the class had actually worked. It had been three days now and the boy had barely greeted her. But oh how his thoughts wandered. He seemed to find the appearance she’d chosen for this school especially pleasing, which made her happy, as she’d spend entirely too long on it for how simple it was.

Her energy had been so depleted that doing anything anymore was bothersome. Even that subtle mental projection to her teacher had taken a lot out of her. It was good that soon she’d have a near endless source of energy to draw from again. This boy was going to be hard to work with, but so worth the trouble. He’d need a push to get started, though. She was going to have to hold his hand a bit for the first of it, so she figured she may as well get started as soon as she could.

Eva looked up suddenly at Daniel, meeting his eyes directly. He quickly darted his gaze away, trying to appear to be looking all around.

Shit, be cool. He thought frantically. She looked at you. You were just staring into empty space, not at her.

“Daniel are you even paying attention to the lecture?” she whispered. “I know we’re supposed to be taking notes for the paper we have to write together next week, but I’ve been kind of lost since this class started. Do you have any idea what’s going on?”

This was the perfect chance. An opportunity to ask her to spend time with him outside class studying, which could lead to more opportunities to spend time with her outside class. If only he could find his voice somewhere at the back of his suddenly tight throat.

“I- uh,” he tried to whisper back. It came out as sort of a horse choking sound. This led to him accidently swallowing down the wrong pipe and an actual fit of coughing which didn’t subside for a good 30 seconds. He couldn’t tell if is face was more colored from embarrassment or lack of oxygen. Eva began laughing at him, and he was sure that tipped it toward embarrassment.

Mr. Blanchard had even stopped his lecture for a moment to notice the fit of coughing. “You okay there, Daniel? Need a glass of water or anything?”

“No- cough- I’m- cough- I’m, uh- fine.”

“I think he’ll survive,” Eva laughed as the rest of the room half-heartedly joined in. It was at least worth hearing the angelic sound of her voice. He was probably over-romanticizing everything about her, which was probably why he’d never be able to talk to her like a human being, but it was easy for his young mind to ignore that thought.

“Alright, where was I, then. Right, the difference between metacarpals and metatarsals…” Daniel put the lecture to the background of his thoughts again. He needed to actually whisper a response to Eva’s question now that his coughing had finally slowed.

“I, uh- I think- I mean- you know- we could- uh- probably sometime- you know- talk abou - maybe- get together to talk about- you know- bones ‘n stuff- you know and to- you know catch up with- uh- write that paper together- sometime maybe?” It was truly a garbled mess of ideas, whispered slowly as he stumbled over nearly every word. To call it a sentence would be very generous, and he’d have been shocked if she understood it as an invitation.

Yet in a mockery of his garbled words she replied, “You know- yeah- I maybe- you know- uh- would like to- uh- when should we- you know- do that?” All the while she had this shit-eating grin on her face, like teasing him was the most enjoyable thing in the world.

Stunned, he finally managed a smile back at her. “Yeah. Like 3:30? After today- at school- you know?” She nodded, with that same grin still on her face. It wasn’t exactly a date, but it was a start.

Evangeline agreed. It was a start.

Christine couldn't believe how easy a transition it had been, to go from hating Ms. Shalrath so completely to eagerly anticipating their weekly meetings. It was a bright spot on her Monday afternoon to spend time with a woman she could hardly believe had actually become a friend.

She knew somewhere deep down that she had lost, in that she was actually being positively influenced by going to the counseling sessions she’d been so opposed to. She found herself not caring. Ms. S was just too cool. There wasn’t a better word for it. She was the most relaxed and down-to-earth adult Christine had ever met.

She entered the building of the school’s main office and found her way to Ms. Shalrath’s door. This was to be their 3rd session together. They’d spent the last one watching movies and joking around the entire time. She wondered if at any point Ms. S would actually try to get serious with her about counseling. It didn’t seem likely, but it was a fear in the back of her mind.

What if it’s all an act to get on my good side, then she’ll jump on me with talk of responsibility and my future. She’ll just turn into my mom. That would have been the worst. Luckily she couldn’t really see it happening.

She calmed her nervousness and opened the door. Ms. S was leaning in her chair with her legs up on the desk, arms behind her head. She was watching something on the TV in the upper corner of the room. She very quickly changed posture and grabbed wildy for the remote on her desk, looking flustered.

“Oh it’s you,” she sighed, relieved. Then she paused, as if actually realizing what Christine arriving meant. “Damn, lost track of time, again. I was supposed to finish my report for Principal Mossman several hours ago.”

“Teachers get homework, too?” Christine asked as Ms. Shalrath started sifting through her mess of a tabletop.

“I’m not a teacher. But yes, and so do I.” Her desk was a shifting, never-ending pile of papers in varying colors. She rifled through a stack, seeming to find what she was looking for, only to scowl and throw it on the floor to keep searching. “It’s in here somewhere.”

“So should I come back?” Christine enjoyed the meetings as much as was possible, but she’d be lying if she said she wouldn’t enjoy an afternoon with her friends at the mall even more.

“No, no. You can just sit in with me as I work on it. These things are mandatory for the both of us until I can convince my boss, and more importantly your mother, that you’re a perfectly innocent little angel who was in the wrong place at the wrong time.” That was the deal the courts had worked out anyway. Professional counseling sessions done through the school, a few community service hours, and a slap on the wrist fine for her parents to clear up. Admittedly Christine had been in some hot shit, and she should be grateful this was the worst of her punishment.

“Alright, but don’t expect me to actually talk about my feelings or anything.” Christine set down her bag and plopped into a comfortable position on the large recliner in the corner. It wasn’t the tradition therapist’s couch, just a big comfy chair that you could lean back and easily fall asleep in.

“You can help yourself to anything in that mini fridge over there,” Ms. S said distractedly while waving in the general direction of the fridge. Christine hadn’t noticed it before.

“Is that new?” she asked, reluctantly getting up from her cushy spot. She couldn’t remember the little table the fridge was sitting on either.

“Oh, yeah. It was a welcome gift from the rest of the faculty. A sort of ‘thank you’ for doing such a good job helping all their worst problem students.” Ms. S had been called in as part of the court order, but the school had been using her presence as an opportunity to “offer” counseling sessions to some of the more “troubled” students. It had quickly devolved into a punishment for acting out. “Honestly more of a ‘thanks for dealing with that shit so we don’t have to.’ Anyway I was gonna fill it with booze ‘till I remembered why most of you kids are in here with me. Don’t look in the back of the top shelf, by the way.”

Christine laughed as she cracked the door. First thing she did was check the area specified, which held only a mason jar of some white liquid. She was afraid to ask. The other shelves were mostly full of sodas and juices. It wasn’t a very big unit, so there wasn’t a whole lot of room for a large selection, still she took her time deciding. She then noticed a few oddly labeled drinks on the bottom shelf that she didn’t immediately recognize.

The label wasn’t fully in English, mostly some language she didn’t recognized, but a few words stood out revealing it to be some kind of chocolate drink. “Ooo, those are really good,” Ms. Shalrath said excitedly from her desk. “Have you ever seen those before? I got them from the Asian market. It’s like a chocolate milk made with this special, super-thick whole milk. It was so rich and thick I wouldn’t try to drink a whole one in one sitting. Go ahead and take one if you like.” Christine shrugged and walked back to her comfy chair with the drink.

The bottle had a sort of pop-off top, which she struggled with for a few seconds before she managed to pry off. It smelled ridiculously sweet, and tasted even more so. Ms. S hadn’t exaggerated how thick it was, either. It wasn’t quite a syrup, but it was stretching the boundaries of liquid pretty close. She could only take a few swigs before giving up.

“Good, right?” Ms S nodded enthusiastically, as if waiting to hear all the praise in the world for this unholy sugary concoction.

“I’m not sure. I think it might fall somewhere in the ballpark of ‘too much of a good thing.’” Ms. S just laughed, and went back to look over her papers. She’d pulled a laptop from somewhere and was now pecking away at the keys while looking over a few written documents.

Christine leaned back in her chair and suddenly felt incredibly drowsy. She set her drink on the very corver of Ms. Shalrath’s desk, which she could only just reach without having to stand. She then leaned back into the comfy folds of the cushions and let her breathing become more and more relaxed.

Christine was in a long, dark hallway. It seemed to stretch on in either direction without end. She recognized the linoleum tiles under her feet and fluorescent lights overhead. It was Barrow High, her school, but something didn’t feel right. Despite the lights overhead it was dark. And, unnervingly, she couldn’t quite remember how she’d gotten here or what she was looking for. She was looking for something? It was vital.

She began walking down the hall. It didn’t seem to matter which way she chose, everything looked the same. In fact, there were no distinguishing features whatsoever. No breaks or turns or even doorways that would have marked any actual hallway in her school. Just one long, endless tunnel. It unnerved her so, that she started walking a little faster. She knew she needed to hurry to find the thing she needed. It was becoming incredibly urgent.

She couldn’t tell how much progress she was making, or if she was making any. She just kept moving faster, and faster. She began to run. Nothing changed. She began to sprint, to no avail. Faster and faster, on and on. It was a place, she needed to get to desperately. She couldn’t hold it much longer.

Christine realized what the dire need was, and it became so obvious. The place she needed, the place she couldn’t find, was a bathroom. She needed to go so badly, and didn’t think she could hold it another minute.

Seconds passed like hours as she grew tired from running. She slowed to a jog, then nearly collapsed as she slowed yet again trying to catch her breath. All the while a familiar pressure on her bladder threatened to burst. It was agony she wished would just end.

She hadn’t even noticed falling to the floor. She struggled pitifully to pick herself up, but realized it was useless. There was no escape, she was trapped. The last thought she had before waking up was the contentedness of giving up, and just letting go. A warm sensation spread through her groin as a wet spot formed on her jeans.

Lucina smiled to herself as the girl awoke with a start. She had wiped away any trace of the “important paperwork” from her desk and replaced it with a few neat stacks of official looking documents. Paperwork was something she’d only need to do if she actually worked here.

“Oh are you finally awake?” Lucina asked casually from behind her desk. She considered herself a very good actress. The best, perhaps. She sort of had to be. “I didn’t notice you had fallen asleep until I realized how quiet it had gotten. I thought it was adorable.” The girl jumped slightly, suddenly looking very awake, as if realizing where she was.

“Oh- I, uh-” she looked down hurriedly, then sighed in relief and continued. “I guess I was just tired. Didn’t get enough sleep last night, probably. Too much Netflix before bed.” She tried to sound casual but she was still visibly shaken. Perhaps Lucina had gone too far at the end, but she needed a push to get things rolling a little faster.

Christine had been a wonderful source of emotion, but she’d come to a point where it just didn’t feel like enough anymore. Lucina’s mother always criticized her for her greed and impatience, but it was just too much fun to resist in the end. Christine would break in the end, but she wouldn’t be forced into it, exactly. Lucina loved to coerce and manipulate, but never force. These things needed a delicate hand. But every once in awhile…

A push.

Christine hurried out the office faster than usual. The first thing she intended was to find the nearest bathroom. She really did have to go. But the end of that dream still lingered painfully in her mind. How could she have just let go like that? It had been so easy. She had needed to go so desperately, and she had actually felt happy to relieve herself right into her panties.

If it hadn’t felt so real, if she hadn’t been so worried on waking that she’d actually peed herself, it wouldn’t have bothered her so much. The fact that her pants were still dry was a blessing, but the fact that she had worried they wouldn’t be would haunt her.

She found the girl’s room and swiftly did her business and cleaned up. She did a quick check in the mirror, and found herself staring at her reflection intently, willing herself to be strong. An icky dream shouldn’t be giving her so much trouble. She put it from her mind as best she could, and tried not to look at her surroundings too much when she walked out into the hall.

Daniel really didn’t believe what was happening. He’d joked about situations like this, dreamed about them, but it was something for fantasy and shitty 4chan green texts only. It wasn’t real life. This girl he’d had a secret crush on, out of nowhere, starts wanting to spend time with him? It didn’t make sense, and the girl didn’t seem to make sense either. She was exactly everything he was hoping for. It was like wish fulfilment brought to life. Earlier that year he had been contemplating suicide, now his life seemed to only be able to get better.

But was he just getting ahead of himself? Was he misreading a situation? Was he going to fuck it up somehow, like everything else positive that had ever happened to him? He didn’t care, he just kept thinking over and over about how things had gone in their study session.

As class had ended that day of their first awkward conversation, she’d scooted closer to him and began laying out particulars of when and where they would meet and she wanted to go over. She was, he felt, uncomfortably close. He liked girls, obviously, but he’d always tried to have a healthy respect for their personal space. He didn’t want to look like a creep trying to get to close or anything, and certainly wouldn’t want to try to touch her anywhere inappropriate, even by accident.

Unfortunately as he got older, this healthy respect formed into a sort of phobia. He was terrified of getting too close to a girl, on the off chance that she might be offended in some way. It had clearly become very unhealthy. Eva didn’t seem to care about personal space, though.

Daniel decided they could meet in the library, which stayed open for a few hours after school. It was as good a place as he could come up with. A neutral, non-threatening location. She just smiled and agreed. Her smile was incredible. He averted his gaze several times so as not to appear to be staring.

When they got to the library, Daniel spent the first 20 minutes or so digging into the material she’d wanted to go over. It quickly became clear that she already knew most of this stuff. Things came to a head when she actually started correcting him on things.

“Didn’t you want to- I mean, you said you didn’t understand this stuff very well.”

“Well clearly you don’t either, so maybe I just wanted to help you out a bit.” She grinned mischievously, which somehow made her even more beautiful.

Daniel paused. “You’re making fun of me, aren’t you? This is all some big joke and you are your friends are gonna tease me about it.” He should have known this would go south.

“Well of course I’m teasing you. Unless I completely missed the point of flirting, there’s supposed to be some teasing involved, I think.” Daniel was stunned yet again. Such directness, and- and she was flirting? With him?

“Wait say that again?”

“Wow you are slow, aren’t you,” she knocked him on the head a couple times with her knuckles. “Well since the cat’s out of the bag I guess I can tell you. I don’t need help at all in this class, which if you’d seen my grades would have been clear. We’re supposed to be lab partners though and you hadn’t said a single word to me since we were paired up and I was starting to worry you were stupid.” She let out an exaggerated sigh, “But you passed all my tests in that regard so I guess you just don’t like me.” She pouted playfully, clearly mocking him.

Daniel’s face must have turned bright red at that comment, but he managed to blurt out, “Why wouldn’t I like you? You’re amazing!”

In a flash her devilish grin had returned. “Oh, trust me I know. But I’m curious, what do you find so amazing about a girl you’ve barely talked to? What did you FaceStalk me and find we like all the same anime? Or is it just that you think I’m pretty? Either option is kind of pathetic if you ask me.”

“Well, yeah-” Daniel stammered, “you- you’re pretty- and-” His face was so hot he thought it might have gone purple.

“And what?”

“And obviously you’re smarter than me! Or at least you think you are! What the hell is wrong with you anyway, one second saying you’re flirting with me then the next you’re giving me crap for liking you in the first place? Is this some sort of sadistic game to you? Pick on the loser who’s never had a girlfriend and finally gets paired with a pretty girl for some class and thinks he might have a shot? You’re the only one that’s laughing here!” He was surprised at his own directness, but his temper seemed to have gotten the better of him.

“Well you’d probably be laughing, too,” Eva said, suddenly very serious, “if you could see your own face right now!” She burst out laughing again. Despite still being irritated, Daniel found himself chuckling, too.

When her fits finally calmed down, Eva smiled and began again in a more serious, but still lighthearted tone. “Look, I get that you’ve never had a girlfriend, and that’s fine. But not talking to girls and just sneaking peeks at them while you think they’re not looking is not the way to go about getting one. You need to open up more like you did just now with me- maybe a little less angrily- and just try to act normal.”

Daniel thought about that for a long moment. “I see what you’re trying to say, but that’s the problem. Sometimes I feel like I don’t know what normal is supposed to be. Telling me to ‘try and act normal’ is like telling a fish to just ‘try and breathe this air.’” Daniel sighed. “I sometimes joke with people online that I might have autism or some shit. It’s like a meme that being socially awkward is the same as being autistic, but sometimes I wonder. Why can’t I just be normal like everyone else?”

Eva made an effort to hold his gaze for a moment, despite the fact that he kept trying to avert it. It resulting in her smirking while moving her head around trying to get it into his eyeline. It would have looked really silly to anybody watching. “Listen. What you’re feeling is normal. Not knowing who you are or what normal is is what being in high school is all about. When I say try to act normal, I mean just embrace that feeling of not knowing what you’re doing. Just realize that you’re not alone in not knowing what you’re doing and things will eventually start to make more sense.” Her words sounded like more meaningless platitudes he’d heard a thousand times before, but somehow they seemed to help.

“Thanks,” he managed, and he finally stopped trying to avert his eyes. It left him staring directly into hers.

“If this was a movie this is probably where we would kiss,” she said suddenly, leaning in slightly. Daniel, of course, flipped out wildly and nearly fell over backward flailing his arms about, raising another fit of laughter from Eva.

Instead of getting angry, though, he managed to join in. “You really like messing with people, don’t you.”

“You nailed it!” she continued laughing and joking with him, occasionally giving more advice about girls and dating until it was time to leave. Daniel had called his Mom and told her he’d be staying later at school, but didn’t tell her why. She’d be waiting outside to pick him up by now.

Daniel had just gathered his things and was already standing to leave when she said, “Ok, but before you go I just want to say one more thing.”

Daniel made a mock gulping sound with his throat, “Should I be worried?”

“Oh no. Well, maybe. Probably.” They both chuckled, and Daniel feigned running away for a moment. “Just that, I think it’s okay if you like me, even if it’s just because I’m pretty. But the real reason I wanted to meet and talk with you like this was that if you’re going to fall in love with me, I wanted you to know who I really am first.”

Daniel wasn’t sure what to make of that, but he didn’t have time to stick around and talk more. His mom was sending him text after text now telling him to get in the car. He simply walked away, telling her he’d see her in class the next day.

Things had gone well with Evangeline’s new toy. He was going to be some trouble. She’d gained a lot of energy today from him, but was also spending nearly as fast trying to get him to open up more. Brute force was, in her opinion, the worst way to go about things, and the effects were never as lasting. A subtle touch was always better, and subtly was her specialty.

Daniel was a project, but she loved projects. Back in her prime, before she’d lost everything, she had liked having multiple projects at once. Lucina would probably working on at least one by now, but that was Lucina’s business, it didn’t count. She worried that it might be too soon, but her success today had her thinking it might very well be time to get a second project going. Who to choose as a candidate, though?

*002*2018-03-05 09:59

Notes:

So, I'm pretty much writing this whole piece chronologically and by the seat of my pants, which means there are definitely going to be some retroactive edits to earlier sections as I go along. Don't worry about those though, they're mostly formatting changes. The edits to actual story elements are minor, but for reference, the first post covered about 2 "chapters" worth of content. So don't freak out when you see a heading for a chapter 3 after never seeing 1 and 2. It wouldn't let me go back and edit my first post again, so I'll probably just repost the whole story in a new subject when it's done. While I'm writing though, feedback is helpful. Like I said I'm mostly pulling this out my ass as I go, so if you have any suggestions as to where you'd like to see the story or the characters go I can try to incorporate it as best I can. Anyways, here you go.

Adriana didn’t feel like getting out of bed. She didn’t feel like doing much of anything lately. Part of her worried at that. The rational part. The part that still cared. The rest of her wanted nothing more than to lie in her bed for the rest of the day, maybe forever. It was a Saturday, she could probably get away with it.

She couldn’t quite pinpoint the moment she had spiraled into the depression, but spiral she had, and it was going to be difficult to escape. She’d never contemplated suicide. At one time it was because the only thing she feared more than her pitiful life was what might come after. Nothingness? She couldn’t quite imagine it. That was what terrified her. It was something that she didn’t- couldn't- understand. Now she just thought of death the same way she thought of everything else. It was a hassle she couldn’t be bothered with.

So she continued living despite not really wanting to. The saddest part was that it was all self-inflicted, and she knew it. She had no reason to be unhappy. She had a mother and father who loved her, a couple of friends who would likely support her through whatever she was going through, and life had generally been good to her. What was it that held her in bed? What force was keeping her from getting up and living a happy life?

The best she could manage was to roll over, facing her bedroom rather than the wall. She looked around at the simple furnishings and the few posters she had kept up from her middle school days. She tried to find something among her personal belongings that she cared about. On a small desk in the corner sat the old computer she’d inherited when her dad had gotten a new one. Perhaps she could get up and at least sit at the computer for a bit. Maybe if she did that, she could at least say she did something.

Shrugging off a layer of blankets, Adriana swung her legs out over the side of the bed. It was colder in her room than she’d expected, and she was glad to be wearing socks. She wrapped a blanket around her back before grudgingly putting her weight forward, attempting to stand. She settled for falling forward, then crawling up on to her desk chair. Somewhere in the back of her mind she knew she should probably eat something. Food was such a chore sometimes.

She waited impatiently for the old system to boot up. Even after getting to the home screen it always took a while before it would start actually doing things. She opened her browser and clicked through a few of her bookmarks, trying to find some picture or video or anything that could make her feel something. Any emotion at all.

After an hour of trying, she found she couldn’t even find the energy to produce tears. She wanted to feel sad. Wasn’t depression just supposed to make you sad? But she couldn’t even manage that. Only numbness. Emptiness. Like her emotions were being sucked right from her soul.

She finally flicked the power switch on the back of the old computer tower, too lazy to even wait for it to shut down properly, and jumped back into bed. She didn’t get up again.

Seraph felt alive! She’d been accumulating power so quickly that it had become easy to drain someone she had no connection with. It was almost a shame. She used to so enjoy the little games others like herself would play. She used to love creating deep bonds with someone and milking them for all their sweet, sweet emotions. But she’d grown so far beyond that, now.

The girl who sat alone in bed was just a test. She wanted to see how far she could go, how many more people she could manage at once. There was a whole world waiting out there, and she was going to have it all eventually. That was her project, and it was time to get to work.

Christine wasn’t looking forward to another Saturday at home with her mom. Ever since the incident that had gotten her sent to counseling in the first place, her mom had been more of a nag than ever. She was always going on about responsibility and her future. Part of the reason she liked spending time in Ms Salrath’s office was how little she reminded Christine of her mom. But blood was thicker than water, whatever that meant.

She was hoping to find something to do with her friends that she could get out of the house for, but she was basically on house arrest. All she needed was the ankle bracelet. Her dad was the only one with a job, so her mom spent all her days at the house. It meant that she could also make sure Christine spent all her days at the house. If she was even slightly late coming home from school or counseling sessions, she got an earful. It had taken an actual phone call to Ms S to clear up that business the other day. Sometimes she was surprised her mom had let her keep the car.

Thinking about that brought up the dream she had, again. She pushed it away. It wasn’t time for thinking about silly dreams, it was time for thinking of ways she could avoid her mom. She needed a new friend. Someone not in the group she’d gotten in so much trouble with, someone safe. More importantly, someone her mom would approve of her going to visit on the weekend.

Finding someone like that didn’t seem very likely. Christine had gotten a sort of reputation at school, and no decent- at least in her mother’s eyes- person would be caught dead spending time with her. A number of her old friends had even turned their backs on her, blaming her for all the trouble and for now being forced into counseling.

Nobody else had commented on what they thought of Ms Salrath. Because of some doctor-patient confidentiality agreement, Ms S couldn’t say exactly who else was having sessions with her, but Christine knew at least a couple of her old friends would have met with her by now. She wondered why they would resent her for getting them sent into counseling if they knew how cool Ms S really was.

Christine was wondering all this as she sat pathetically on the couch in front of the TV. She’d spaced out long enough that the guide was asking her if she was still watching “The Office.” She flipped it off and sank back into the cushions of the couch. Her mom was in the kitchen nearby, humming to herself while stirring some taco meat in a big saucepan.

Her dad was home, too, though he spent his weekends in his study, working even when he wasn’t at work. He was some sort of accountant, she thought. He’d explained it to her several times exactly what he did, but she didn’t really care enough to remember. Her family was a cliché, and she wanted none of it. She wanted to be different than her parents, different than most people. She just wanted to have fun and stay young, not grow old by getting a boring job or raising a family.

If only she could make that new friend.

Daniel thought about texting Eva. She’d given him her number, but so far he’d only used it the one time so he could meet her in the library. He wasn’t sure what he should say. Something lame like asking how she was doing? He’d never even had any female friends, let alone a girlfriend. Was she his girlfriend? What did that mean?

He knew he was probably getting way too far ahead of himself, he didn’t need to text her or anything. He’d just see her at school on Monday. It wasn’t a big deal, really. He could be patient.

He could be patient.

He could be…

Evangeline was pleased to see her phone vibrate along with the “new message” tone. It was, of course, from her new toy. It said simply:

Hey Eva, how’s it going?

She shook her head at the predictability of humans.

Christine was only vaguely aware that she was dreaming again. She remembered going to bed, lying down in her sheets and all the things running through her mind as she drifted off, but she couldn’t quite remember how she’d gotten from there to this point. The only thing she knew for sure was that she wasn’t awake, and that she needed to go.

Go where, she wasn’t sure. It was just words in her head, really. Words that said she needed to go. She felt like she should know what they meant, but it seemed to slip just out of reach of her consciousness. Wasn’t there another dream, something similar to this.

She was in her school, in a classroom. The teacher seemed to be there, lecturing, and she thought she saw other students in her peripheral vision. She didn’t seem to be able to move. This should have worried her more than it did, she realized. She felt unnaturally calm about all of this. Perhaps it was that she knew it was just a dream.

The “go” that she needed to eventually became clearer as she started to feel a familiar pressure near her lower belly. She remembered drinking a lot of water before bed, even though that didn’t seem like something she’d actually done. It was around this time that her mind started to recall the earlier dream. The one that took place in a school hallway.

With this realization she suddenly knew there was a very simple and easy solution to the building pressure. She needed to pee herself. It was the simplest answer, and seemed like the only logical choice. She couldn’t move, she needed to go, so why not just go right there in her panties. Somewhere in the back of her mind was a voice screaming “no.” She ignored it.

She started with a small push, and that was all the effort it took to release the floodgates. Warms seemed to spread all down her legs and even her lower torso. The wet warmth surrounded her, and it just felt so pleasant.

What woke her up wasn’t the sensation itself, but the fear that it might not be as pleasant when the dream was over. She still remembered her last dream, and how she’d reacted to it. That was enough to scare her awake into a cold, damp bed.

At first she hoped it was a cold sweat from the intensity of the nightmare. The smell quickly revealed the truth was far worse. Christine, as a senior in high school, had just wet the bed for the very first time.

3 - Plaything

Daniel got up feeling tired Monday morning. He’d spent the last few nights texting back and forth with Eva until several hours past when he should have gone to bed. It was the sort of thing normal kids did in high school, wasn’t it?

She continued to tease him constantly, but at the same time it was clear she was just trying to bring him out of his shell. She kept saying she just wanted him to be able to understand girls better, so he’d have an easier time talking to them. He hoped that didn’t mean she was uninterested and just setting him up for a friend or something.

What he’d learned so far was that girls were crazy. At least that was his impression from the way Eva had been acting. It seemed like nothing they did made any sense until they explained it, and then you’d feel stupid for not understanding. The trouble was getting them to explain themselves at all. It seemed the stereotype was true that when a woman was mad, she would refuse to tell you why because she felt you should already know.

He was glad he hadn’t done anything to make Eva mad, yet. He hoped.

He went through his morning routine, which now included showering every day. At the very least, the warm water was enough to help wake him up. He barely had time for a piece of toast on his way out the door, where he caught the bus just before it was leaving.

Barrow High wasn’t far from his home, but the many stops on the way gave him time to think about what he would say to Eva today. He’d wanted to wait to say it in person, because he didn’t want her to laugh at him for doing it over text.

He wanted to ask if she would be his girlfriend. It seemed stupid, like he was probably moving too fast, but it was like there was something nudging him in that direction. This was the first real connection he’d ever had with a girl, and something about asking just felt right.

That didn’t mean it didn’t terrify him.

The very idea was daunting. Actually doing it might leave him back at stammering uncontrollably. As he got closer to the school he just tried to not think about it anymore. Maybe if he didn’t think about it and just did it things would go better.

However it went, he couldn’t wait for 3rd period when he could actually see her again.

Lucina couldn’t wait to see her little friend after school. The effects of the dream and that drink would have already taken their toll since Thursday. She’d probably come to the counseling session scared and feeling desperate. Lucina couldn’t wait to drink deeply all those powerful emotions.

Christine took a deep breath before getting out of her car. She knew it was silly, but she was embarrassed to be seen by any of her old friends after- she tried not to think about it. Sunday morning had been a scramble of washing bed sheets and hiding evidence.

She kept her head down walking through the halls, which probably wasn’t necessary if she was trying to avoid her those people she once called friends. Most of them ignored or avoided her anyway. Bitter feelings of loneliness couldn’t quite creep up over the intense embarrassment she still felt over something only she knew about.

She wasn’t sure if she even wanted to see Ms Salrath. All the excitement she’d felt about seeing her again last time had evaporated. The ironic thing was that she probably needed counseling now, more than ever.

Andriana wasn’t sure how she’d gotten to school that morning. Oh, she could remember all the agonizing details of it, she just wasn’t sure what had possessed her to go along with it. Her parents were worried, which anyone would have been if their child had spent over 30 hours sleeping in the last 48.

Her mother had come in several times asking if she was sick. She’d finally forced Adriana to eat something, after which she promptly fell asleep again. She wasn’t sick, exactly. She just had no energy or desire to do much of anything.

Her mom hadn’t wanted to push too hard, but had managed to drag her along far enough that she’d wound up at school. A very small part of her was glad to at least be out of the house. It was almost like being her old self again, before whatever had happened to put her into this state. In fact, she felt that tiny part growing with each step she took down the hallway.

Adriana had a locker, though most students at Barrow didn’t seem to care. She only kept her heaviest textbook, for her first period English class, in it at any given time. She was on autopilot through the halls toward it. It took her several tries to dial the correct combination. It seemed like the most pathetic thing, until she noticed a girl nearby struggling just as much to get her locker open.

It was a girl named Kristen or Christine or something. If Adriana lived in a fictional high school she’d call her one of the “popular” kids. She wondered if the network executives that wrote those fictional high schools had been to one in the last 30 or 40 years. The point was that Christine was a pretty blonde who hung out with a bunch of other pretty blonde’s with a bunch of guys all trying way too hard to impress them.

Seeing Christine as flustered as she was would have brought the old Adriana some mild sense of gratification, as she tended to hate her and everything she stood for. But in her current state, she marked it only as new information. It was just another plot point on her journey through the day. Yet that tiny spark of liveliness she’d felt earlier was experiencing something she hadn’t expected.

Empathy.

It wasn’t much, but it was the first real emotion she’d felt in a while, so she decided to roll with it. With her heavy textbook secured, she closed her locker and decided to go over and try to start a conversation with a girl who’s only words to her in the past had been passing derision.

*004*2018-03-15 11:50

Notes: Alright, here’s another chunk of story that could loosely be defined as a chapter if that’s what you’re into. No actual Omo content, but I promise there’ll be plenty more later on. Character building mostly, might be as boring for you to read as it was for me to write, but it’s an important step for things to come. Enjoy, I guess.

Christine hoped to not visibly show how distraught she was, but after the fifth failed attempt to put in the correct combination she slumped her head miserably against her locker and just sat there for a moment. She needed to relax, to think about something else for a while. She’d already spent most of her Sunday stressing over it, but she’d woken up to dry sheets this morning with no nightmares.

“Rough day?” came a quiet voice from nearby. Christine started, realizing she’d still been resting her head against her locker. She looked over and saw a girl leaning against a locker a few over from her. Her hair was a tangled mess, like it hadn’t been washed in a few days, and she had a generally disheveled look about her.

Christine honestly didn’t know how to respond. She thought she’d seen this girl before, but couldn’t really remember, and didn’t really feel like talking. That and the fact that her face looked like someone who’d just found out their puppy had died was enough to make Christine just want to ignore her. Still, she didn’t want to seem rude. It looked like the girl had actually gone out of her way to try and talk to her. Had Christine been someone else, she might have thought it was a sweet gesture.

“Nah,” Christine finally responded, managing to put on a smile. “Just struggling to open this- damn- locker.” She punctuated each word with a not so gentle slap against the thing. She kept her smile on, though only sarcastically.

The girl didn’t smile back. She responded in a quiet, rushed tone. “Yeah me too it took me a bunch of tries to open mine cause I was kind of having a bad day and I saw you struggling with yours too and so I thought I’d come over and ask that but if you’re okay I guess I’ll just go then bye.” She had a mousey voice and spoke with almost no pauses, which made it difficult to follow what she was saying. She didn’t make eye contact at all while speaking, and turned to go as soon as the word “bye” was out of her mouth.

In a surreal moment, Christine actually reached out and put a hand on the girl’s shoulder to stop her. It was clear this girl wasn’t the best at talking to people, but for some reason she had decided to walk up to a near stranger and ask how she was feeling. Christine thought she had a good sense for when there was something deeper going on underneath odd behavior like that.

“Hold on,” she started. The girl looked very reluctant to stay, so Christine removed her hand and tried to get the girl to at least look toward her, if not directly. Christine sighed. “You’ve got a heck of a way to meet new friends, just walking up to people and trying to dump all your problems on them?” There was no response, but she continued anyway. “So what’s got you down today?”

For a painfully long time the girl just sat there, saying nothing. Finally she responded the same tone as before, “I dunno stuff I guess.” After giving up that little bit she slumped down like talking time was over and she shouldn’t have to participate anymore.

“Real specific,” was about to be Christine’s response. Then she thought better of it and settled on, “Thank you.”

This was definitely not the response either of them had expected, and it showed plainly on the other girl’s face. She was so surprised that she actually responded. “What for?”

It was Christine’s turn to be shy about answering. She decided to set the president and be honest. She was good at reading situations faster than most people expected from her. “Well, it must have taken courage for you to try to cheer up a stranger like that. Probably something you don’t normally do, so I’m genuinely thanking you for the effort.” Her cheeks were burning from having to explain herself.

The girl didn’t respond again, she didn’t seem to know what to say.

Christine seized to opportunity to continue in her more natural, less genuine tone. “But of course, I’m actually doing fine,” she scoffed mockingly,. “So that leaves you. What’s really got you so down today?” As she spoke she began again twisting the knob clockwise a bunch of times so she could try again. It wasn’t actually a hard task and she should have been able to do it while only half paying attention, like she was now. Now on autopilot, the door to her locker was open before she even realized she’d finished turning it to all the correct numbers.

The girl had a look in her eye like she was searching for the right words. “Well like I said we were both struggling with our lockers at the same time but now we’ve both gotten them open and I guess it was more just a funny coincidence than anything and there’s nothing really bothering either of us probably and-”

“Okay you’re really going to have to stop talking like that,” Christine cut in. “Really, sloooowing doooown when you talk, and maybe talking a little louder. We’ve got to work on your people skills.”

The girl looked taken aback, then something strange happened. Her lips twinged and actually started to form into a small smile. “Riiiight,” she drew out.

Christine laughed, “What was your name again? I know I’ve had a class with you before.”

“I’mhmldriana,” she sort of half mumble quietly.

“Alright ahemIdriana, I’m Christine, it’s nice to meet you.” She held out her hand formally, but couldn’t help bursting into laughter after a moment. “What did you say? Driana?”

“Adriana,” she said louder and more clearly.

“Nope, you had your chance, it’s Driana now. Sounds way classier, like Rihanna but with a D. Maybe we can shorten it to just Ana? Nah I’m digging this Drianna thing. We’re gonna be totally rebranding your whole thing.”

“My thing?”

“Yeah, this whole- sad, shy girl thing. Who wants to talk with someone like that?”

“Well I’m not normally- I’ve just been feeling less like myself- lately you know.” She seemed to be struggling to put the appropriate emphasis on certain words, and she paused at awkward times.

“Mmmh, I dunno I’ve heard you read in class before and you always pretty much sounded this bad. Don’t worry though. You were clearly reaching out to me for help and you didn’t even know it. We can-” A bell rang above cutting her off. Class would be starting very soon. “We can talk more at lunch today, where do you normally go?” Barrow technically had two lunch rooms if you counted the gym. For kids who didn’t get lunch from the school it was the preferred hangout.

“I uh- well I usually go to the library and get on my laptop during lunch.”

“Pssh, that’s lame. You should come to the cafeteria today. I’ll even save you place to sit if you’re good.” Christine had just seen an opportunity present itself, and she wasn’t about to let it pass. She had been looking for a new friend after all. So far this girl met all the qualifications.

“I mean- I guess I can.”

Christine began hurrying with her books and slammed her locker shut. “Great can’t wait, don’t be late!” she called as she turned and hurried off in the direction of her 1st period. What a fortunate turn. She could have fun playing with the shy girl all the while actually using her as a way to escape her mother, hopefully by next weekend. “Later Driana!” she nearly shouted as she turned out of sight.

Adriana had slowly began to feel many emotions again that had seemed to have evaporated entirely from her life over the last few days. It had been so sudden, starting Friday afternoon and continuing all weekend, but she was finally starting to feel a little like her normal self again. She was still extremely tired, and felt generally weak, but she was actually able to crack a smile as Christine ran out of sight.

Then she remembered she had her own class to get to, and she was probably going to be late. This brought her back down into a more depressed state again, but it was different. There were some of the emotions back that were missing before. Anger, frustration, actual sadness. They weren’t full, which was the best way she could describe it, but they were there.

Lucina was extremely troubled. That girl had been sucked bone dry, and she was quite certain her mother couldn’t have known a girl that age very well. That left only one person who could have robbed her so thoroughly of all emotion. A very dangerous player, and someone Lucina had no intention of crossing paths with again. Not after what it had cost her last time.

She hoped the whole thing would just blow over, still she had done what she could for the girl. Her powers were strong enough she was able to sense and manipulate anyone within a mile or so of the school, and it hadn’t taken long to notice someone almost entirely devoid of emotion walk into that region. She’d siphoned off a bit of what she’d been gathering for herself and gave it back to the girl as she’d interacted with Christine. It wasn’t much, but it was probably enough that she’d be back to normal by the end of the day.

Lucina hoped that would be the end of it.

Evangeline was pleased to feel Daniel’s intent had shifted toward attempting to start a relationship with her. It was happening a bit faster than she’d planned, though, and she thought she might have to slow him down a bit. At the very least she knew a proper date was in order before they could get too serious.

He had just walked into the room, she realized. She was already seated at their table, ostensibly sifting through class notes on her desk. Really she’d been probing the school with her mind. It seemed someone else was doing the same, she had a good feeling about who. She really wished Lucina hadn’t chosen to bother her by playing at the same school.

She’d been monitoring Daniel in particular, who was just sitting down beside her, but there was another anomaly. She decided to ignore it, because the implications of a girl who’s been so thoroughly sucked dry of emotion were not something she wanted to think about at the moment. For now, all she wanted to spend more time with her current favorite toy.

Daniel wasn’t sure how to greet Eva. He hadn’t seen her in person since Friday, and he was sure he’d sound awkward again if he tried to talk. His hopes to even bring up what he’d wanted to talk about were crushed under a weight of nervousness and paranoia. He knew he was probably just trying to go too fast, and it’d be better to just wait and see what happened.

He didn’t get much chance to talk with her beyond a simple greeting, which had sounded awkward, before class began and Mr. Blanchard started his lecture for the day. It was a mostly uneventful class period, but his nerves were jittery all the way through.

When the bell rang, Eva made as is she was going to leave without talking to him, so he blurted out, “What are you doing after school today?”

She paused only slightly before responding, “Oh, wow. Is this the part where you actually ask me out? I was wondering when you’d get your shit together enough to try that.” She giggled girlishly, which only sounded sarcastic coming from her. “I may have some time available after school, why ever do you ask?” she spoke with mock innocence.

Her manner helped remind him that this was the same girl he’d been talking to via text for that few days. He’d practiced this. He should be able to speak to her normally, with confidence. “Okay yeah, I uh- was gonna ask you out.” He thought he managed to make it sound like that was something he did all the time and was comfortable with. “So then- what time- uh- what should we-” Then he remembered he couldn’t drive, had no money, and no ideas what people were supposed to do on dates.

“Don’t hurt yourself thinking about it too hard.” Lucky for him, with a girl like Eva he probably wouldn’t be making too many of the decisions on his own. She laughed and said, “Tell you what. How’d you like to come over to my place at around 6. I can give you the address and you could find a ride or something. Maybe if you live close enough you can just walk. We’ll figure out something to do from there.” The grin on her face frightened Daniel a little about what that something might be.

“Yeah,” he agreed. She gave him the information, and she didn’t live too far away. It’d take about 15 minutes for him to walk there, which he prefered to the idea of his mom driving him to his first date.

His first date!

It still seemed too incredible to believe.

Christine had been sitting alone every lunch since that night of partying that ruined her life. She pretended no to mind, much. She hadn’t exactly been friends with any of those kids for their winning personalities; most of them were horrible people. If she had to admit it, she had simply enjoyed the social standing and feeling of belonging.

Now here Christine sat, alone, waiting anxiously for some other social reject who’d tried to cheer her up to appear and somehow make her life more normal again. If all went according to her plans, she’d invite “Driana” over so her mom could see how- safe- she was. She doubted she’d have any trouble there.

It shouldn’t take long after that, convince her mom everything is going well, she’s spending more time with better friends, and eventually her mom would come around and let her go out late or overnight again, even on the weekend. The times of feeling like she was under house arrest were soon to be over. It was actually something to celebrate, wasn’t it?

The girl was nowhere to be seen. Christine had a feeling she wouldn’t show up. It wasn’t like she’d really committed to anything, but Christine had things all planned out in her head, She hated when things didn’t go her way, or at least the way she expected.

“Why are you sitting here alone?” came a sudden question from behind her. Christine immediately recognized the voice from earlier.

“Adri, there you are. I was wondering if you’d show up.” Christine put on her best face and tried to sound genuinely happy to see this girl. Part of her was, but really she was just glad her plans weren’t going to be ruined. The girl was a means to an end.

“Adri?” was all she gave as a reply. She was holding a tray of food and standing far enough away from the table to look uncomfortable with the thought of sitting there.

“Well I was just thinking that ‘Driana’ sounded too weird, and of course the whole thing is just too long to remember.” She motioned toward the girl, “Come on, sit down.”

Adri did as she was asked, but deliberately sat a few feet away on the bench. Christine knew it wasn’t going to be easy to get this girl to fully warm to her. She sat quietly eating her lunch for a few minutes, not looking over.

Suddenly she spoke up, “You never said- I mean- Where are all your other friends sitting.” She looked very uncomfortable to be asking, like she was afraid to know the answer.

“Oh, that.” Christine wasn’t sure how to respond. She could be honest and say that most of them had ostracized her for something that wasn’t really her fault. Sure, she was the one who got stuck with most of the blame, but they’d all been in it together. “Well, let’s just say we had a bit of a falling out. I decided they weren’t worth my time.” Lying was always the better option. “What about you? When you go to the library, is there anyone you hang out with?”

“N- No I guess not.” At least one of them was honest. There was an awkward silence after that for a bit.

“So what are some things you like to do for fun?” Christine finally asked.

“Well I- I spend a lot of time on my computer.”

“Oh yeah? Netflix, or what?” Christine needed to find something they could do together at her house so her mom could meet Adri.

“Yeah, and some games and reddit and stuff.”

“Okay. Do you have any hobbies besides that?”

“I like to draw. People, mostly”

“Oh cool. Yeah I suck at drawing anything more complicated than a stick figure. Maybe you could show me some of your art some time.” It was almost too much of a stretch for pretense, so she added, “Actually I think it might be fun for us to just hang out and get to know each other better some time.”

Adri was silent for a time. She then looked directly at Christine and said, “I think I know what’s going on here.” To Christine’s surprise, she actually sounded a little annoyed, possibly even angry. “You’re being way too nice to me, and acting like you want to be my friend. You’re making fun of me somehow.” Christine was taken aback by the bluntness of the accusation. Had she really sounded that ingenuine?

“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” Christine responded, sounding a little angry herself. Then she sighed and continued in a gentler tone. “Look, you’re right. Before today, I’ve hardly talked to you, and now I’m acting all buddy-buddy. The truth is- all my old friends sort of hate me now, and it’s pretty much my fault.” Even though it really wasn’t. “So yeah, maybe I’m just trying to fill that gap artificially by forcing a new friendship on you. Which is pretty much your fault for being the only person to actively try to talk to me this morning.”

Adri blushed, and remained quiet for a long time. Finally she spoke up again. “So what kind of stuff would you want to do if I came over?”

Lucina prepared another batch of the special chocolate drink she’d given to Christine before. She thought about offering the straight up milk without all the chocolate and other stuff she added, but worried Christine wouldn’t be far enough along for that yet. For now the chocolate drink would do.

Christine took a swig of the overly-sweet chocolate milk, and found herself enjoying the sweetness far more than she had the last time. “These are really good, where did you say you got them again?”

Ms S was busy again with some papers on her desk. She didn’t have nearly as many as she’d had the last time, but it was enough that Christine worried they might not actually get to talk about anything. She was still torn about whether she even wanted to bring up Sunday morning, but also perfectly happy to put off making the decision a little longer.

Ms S looked up. “Oh, I’m pretty sure they were in the ethnic food aisle at the grocery store near my house,” she answered distractedly. “They were on sale, so I bought a bunch of them. I actually don’t like them all that much. Too sweet.”

“Well the first one I drank was a little much, but it seemed like that one probably had waaay more sugar in it. Are these the sames one’s as that?” The bottle looked the same, but with the language being one she didn’t even recognize she figured she’d ask.

“I think so. Maybe you just got a particularly sweet one, or maybe it’s made your sweet tooth a little hungrier for that tasty, tasty chocolate.”

“Probably,” Christine agreed, to whichever of those options sounded more right. She was feeling far too tired to think clearly. It might have been the drink. So many calories consumed all at once made her sleepy. She didn't want to think about how many this drink actually had.

Christine was tempted to fold into the cushions of her chair and just doze off again, but after the last time and the dream she'd had, she thought better of it. “So what do you do when your not guidance counseloring?” Christine asked, talking to stay awake.

“Well I've got a teenage daughter, so I'm pretty much always counseloring.” Christine remembered vaguely Ms S mentioning a daughter before, but she hadn't talked a lot about her home life.

“What's her name?” Christine asked, curious. “Your daughter I mean. Is she my age? Would I know her?”

Ms Salrath looked slightly abashed. “Actually, I don't think I'm supposed to talk about her. Some part of my agreement with the school, I think. Plus she'd probably be embarrassed if I revealed her name.”

“So she does go to this school then!” Christine had trouble holding her excitement now. Ms S was cool, so her daughter might be fun, too. If she could find out who she was, she might be able to ditch that Adri girl. No need to pretend to like someone she didn't if she could find an actual friend.

“Oh, now I'm in trouble. Just forget I said anything.” Ms S looked worried, but Christine was already forming ideas about how she might find this mysterious daughter.

*006*2018-03-16 08:19

Well I'm glad I have at least one dedicated fan. it gives me slightly more motivation to keep writing

*009*2018-04-03 01:51

Alright, I know it's been a few weeks, but I promise I'm not dead. I've just working a lot. Next bit will probably be ready by the end of the week.

*011*2018-04-07 07:33

Notes: I was hoping to get a lot more down than I have in this entry, and most of it will probably be reworked/rewritten later on. You see I haven't really been going back and reading any previous chapters before writing a new one, and it's caused a lot of continuity errors. I'm honestly surprised how consistent it was considering I write mostly while half asleep and without consulting anything I'd written previously before hand, but I'm having to make some revisions, some major some minor, to earlier bits to keep it in line with the tone of the rest. Also I have an ending in mind now, and I may end up writing that next... but I'll keep giving excerpts chronologically, and when the whooole thing is done I'll release all as one thing probably in an entirely new thread for clarity. Enjoy, I guess

Phase 4 - Playdate

Daniel tried not to think about thinking too much about overthinking. It wasn’t working. He was a tightly wound ball, fit to explode from dozens of emotions he just couldn’t contain anymore. He was honestly still trying to wrap his head around the idea that a girl like Eva existed in the first place. She seemed too perfect, and her interest in him unfounded. If he could make sense of that, maybe he could begin to puzzle out what he was supposed to do on a first date.

Trouble was, he didn’t have any time left to puzzle anything out. He was already walking up to the front steps of her house. He hadn’t fretted about what to wear too much, thankfully. He figured he take the clichéd advice of being himself, by showing up in the same clothes he’d worn to school that day. A part of him was worrying, now, that that had been a dumb move.

He decided, when he reached the door, not to put off the moment any more than he needed to. Without hesitation he pressed the buzzer and said his last prayer that this would go smoothly. He should have known by now things never went as he expected around Eva.

The woman who answered the door surprised Daniel. His own mother was in her 50’s by the time he’d started high school, so he’d come to acquaint parenthood with middle-agedness. He couldn’t believe that the gorgeous woman in front of him now was a parent, but he could see where Eva got her looks.

“Hello! You must be Daniel, Eva’s still in her room. She probably didn’t want me to answer the door for her. Which meant of course that I had to.” She was grinning savagely. “It’s the sort of thing parents get to do in return for dealing with pain-in-the-ass, hormonal teenagers.” She didn’t sound mean or spiteful, more taunting than anything.

“I- uh- don’t really know how to respond to that,” Daniel answered honestly.

“That’s how most kids react to meeting me, I’m still trying to figure out why.”

“That’s enough Mother,” Eva’s voice called from up the stairwell near the door. She’d put an unusual emphasis on the word Mother. “Probably don’t want to scare him away like the rest.” Eva didn’t sound as irritated as she probably should have been, as though she’d been expecting this sort of behavior from her mom.

“Ohhh, but if I can convince you he’s gone I’ll get to add his skeleton to the pile in the basement,” she cackled like she’d just made a hilarious joke. It was only mildly disturbing to Daniel.

“Ignore her,” Eva told Daniel as she hopped down the stairs to greet him. “I cleaned those up weeks ago.”

“Haha- yeah,” was all Daniel managed to say as he was ushered inside.

Eva’s home was immaculate, and looked much larger on the inside than the humble impression he’d gotten from the exterior. Nothing was lavishly decorated, there was just an overall sense of cleanliness about it. He immediately began to take his shoes off for fear of dirtying the carpet.

“Oh you can leave those on if you want, I don’t really care,” Eva’s mom told him when she noticed. “I’m Lucy by the way. Resident cool mom totally down to Netflix and chill with my fellow young people.”

“Mom how many times do I have to explain ‘Netflix and chill’ means sex. You’re going to scar Daniel for life.” No kidding. Although, a part of him briefly held an image of what Eva’s mom would look like naked, and an even smaller part probably would have gotten off to it. His sense of propriety was still in-tact enough to not get a boner thinking about it.

“You have a lovely home,” he managed to cut in before his mind went to far down that track. Lucy’s boobs were enormous, though. Stop.

“Oh, he’s so polite. Did you hear that Eva, our house is lovely. He’s winning all kinds of points in my book.”

“Yea, he great,” she said quickly. “I think we’ll just head up to my room if that’s alright.”

“Have fun, remember to use protection.” Before either of them could respond to that, Lucy had disappeared around a corner and down the hall. Daniel knew his face was burning, but Eva wasn’t blushing at all. That only made it worse for him.

“Shall we?” She gestured up the stairs, and began to lead the way up to the only door at the top. “There’s not really a full second story on this house, so I sort of sleep in the attic.” She opened the door to reveal a room that really was an attic. In contrast to the cleanliness below, exposed wooden supports and a thick layer of dust were all that decorated Eva’s room. There was an area in the center that looked more lived-in, with some furniture and a TV stand.

“This is- something,” Daniel thought aloud.

“Yeah probably not what you were expecting, right? My mom is the clean freak, here. I honestly prefer it like this.” Across from the TV stand was a couch that looked like it had lived through a few wars. Eva plopped down into a relaxed position, and gestured for him to join her. “Come sit.”

He wasn’t sure how close he should sit to her on the couch. It wasn’t very big, and she had her leg up on part of it already. He settled into the opposite side, awkwardly pushing her leg out of the way.

“Wow, am I that scary?” She laughed. “Don’t worry I didn’t mean come cuddle with me, we’re not there yet,” she said when he looked confused.

“So what are we gonna do, exactly?” he asked slightly uncomfortable after a few moments of her staring at him.

“I want you to do me. Hard and fast and all night long.” She bust up laughing when his eyes widened in terror. “You really are too easy. Relax, I figured we could just watch some TV, talk, get to know eachother better.” She produced a remote from somewhere and started clicking through streaming services on the home screen. “Honestly that’s all dating comes down to. People go to dinner and shit like that as an excuse to talk with each other more. And once you’ve talked long enough your relationship status will level up and you can move on to fucking like animals on the daily.”

This time Daniel gave a sarcastic laugh, and threw the pillow he’d been sitting on at her. He should have been used to her teasing by now. “Okay,” he said, “and how come we aren’t just watching TV down in the living room or something?”

“I just brought you up here so nobody could hear you scream.” She chuckled lightly. Daniel thought she might be wearing herself out by now, too. “For real, though, my mom doesn’t like having a TV in the living room. Are you afraid of not having a chaperone?”

“N- no I just-” Daniel didn’t finish. He knew it was just arguing with himself at this point. “What did you wanna watch?”

Christine knew it wouldn’t be hard to find the information she wanted. The school had student records online that were available to pretty much anyone. She just had to search the database for the name Shalrath. It produced exactly one result. A girl named Eva. Jackpot.

Lucina hummed sullenly to herself, irritated. Her “daughter” was upstairs soaking in the mountains of emotion that teenage boy was putting out and she’d been forbidden to partake of any of it. Her own project, Christine, was ripening well, but she envied Evangeline’s superior methods.

Taking advantage of a horny teenage boy! she thought. Why didn’t I think of that? She’d assumed all teenagers, boys and girls, would have about the same level of intense emotion brought on by hormonal changes. She’d underestimated her mother again.

It was a strange sort of role reversal to be playing the mother, and Evangeline had never been as good at acting her part. She had always liked to pretend to be a little girl. That’s where most of their bizarre fetishes had started to develop. It wasn’t often, though, that Lucina got to play the mom.

She was doing her best to shield what was going on upstairs from her mental view, for privacy and so as not to be tempted to steal all that tasty emotion. She hoped it was going well, despite the still prevalent stabs of jealousy she was fighting down.

Seraph was only mildly intrigued by what the other two had been up to since her last run-in with them. She kept tabs on them more just because she could than anything. There wasn’t a whole lot she couldn’t do anymore. Things she used to struggle with came easy now. The world bent itself to her every desire, and she had much bigger plans than concerned the other two anymore.

Still, she enjoyed toying with their newfound weakness almost as much as she enjoyed exploiting human frailties. There wasn’t a thing either of them could do to stop her.

Evangeline enjoyed herself making small talk with Daniel. She loved pretending to be a normal human girl almost as much as she loved feeding on the delicious energy his emotions produced. She was almost back to half-strength just from feeding on Daniel. The stronger a connection you were able to make with a person, the easier the energy flowed.

She found herself actually coming to like him as a person. At first she saw him only as a means to an end, and no different than any other human. Now she saw a gentle, honest person doing his best to impress the prettiest girl he’d ever seen. She found his unrealistic mental image of her flattering. In fact most of his thoughts about her were flattering. Some would have shamed the worst of harlots, but that could be forgiven on his hormones. No sexual fantasy he could think up had a change of shocking her, though. She was sure she’d imagined worse. She’d been around a lot longer.

She wasn’t quite sure what she wanted to do with him, yet. In the end she knew she couldn’t stay with him long. Her and Lucina had had to be on the move constantly after what had happened. This was the first time they settled anywhere for longer than a couple weeks in a while. Still, it was nice to fantasize what it might be like to stay here, pretend to be Daniel’s girlfriend all through high school, graduate together, get married, start a family, retire to Arizona and die having lived a normal and happy life. Then she remembered how boring that would be.

Suddenly she was struck by something. It wasn’t physical, but an immense, dark- presence. It filled the room, and even Daniel seemed to notice the shift.

“What’s wrong,” he asked worried. He must have noticed the look on her face.

“It’s nothing,” she lied. She put a smile back on and tried to continue their conversation while working through what madness was going on in her head. It was her. Seraph. She was near.

HAVING FUN WITH YOUR NEW PET? The voice nearly shattered Evangeline’s calm again. It penetrated into her deepest thought, and made it very hard to continue to outwardly pretend everything was normal. HOPE YOU ENJOY IT WHILE YOU CAN, THIS WORLD IS ABOUT TO BE RESHAPED IN MY IMAGE.

Eva had stopped talking again. She looked- if Daniel had to put a word to it he’d say terrified. That didn’t make sense, though. There wasn’t anything they were talking about that should cause her to make that look. It was like she’d just thought of something and it was the most awful thing in the world.

“You sure you’re okay?” he asked again. “Looks like something’s bothering you.”

“It’s fine.” He could tell she was lying. “Well okay, no. It’s not.”

Daniel understood. He’d hoped he could live up to expectations but it was clear he was in way over his head. “Okay, I get it. This date is going horribly isn’t it.”

Eva paused and let out a laugh. “You really are so self-deprecating it’s sad.” She looked serious again a second later. “No, it’s just that I’ve remembered something that I need to talk to my mom about. An old family friend is coming to visit and I’m really not looking forward to it.”

“An old friend?” Daniel asked. “Like who?”

“Just someone I’d rather not see again.” Suddenly she put a smile back on. “Nothing for you to worry your pretty little head about.” She actually patted him on the head. When had they gotten so close together on the couch? They almost were cuddling at this point. “Oh my, that time can’t be right. We’ve been talking here for almost 5 hours.”

She was right, and Daniel started to panic. He’d needed to be home an hour ago. This wasn’t going to be easy to explain to his parents. “Shit, I- I need to go.”

“Don’t worry about it,” she said amused as he pushed himself up off the couch quickly. She stood and moved very close to him. He realized how much shorter she was than him, her head barely coming up to his chest. “You gonna give me a goodnight kiss?” He had a feeling she wasn’t teasing him this time.

He didn’t know what to do, he was still panicked about needed to get home quickly, but this was kind of a big moment. His first real kiss. Should he just go for it? Did he wait for her to kiss him? His instincts to get home drove him to move quickly. He leaned forward and planted his lips against hers for just the briefest moment before pulling them away again.

Something strange happened the instant his lips touched hers. A spark. Some actual, physical energy was exchanged between them, and in his gut something told him that in that exchange something was taken. Some sort of seal was made between them that he knew couldn’t be broken now, and he felt as though he could sense her being somehow.

It lasted only the briefest moment, and he was overtaken again by the urgency of sprinting home to not be scolded. “Uh- that was- uh- nice- thank you,” he stammered as he moved toward the door.

“Wow, are you actually thanking me for the kiss? You probably are autistic or something.” He didn’t wait around to be led out of the house, it was pretty much a straight shot down the stairs and out the door. “Okay, just kiss me and run away then, don’t say anything else, bye!” He barely heard the last part as he rushed away.

The further he moved away the more prominent her presence felt in his mind. He couldn’t feel her physically anymore, but he was sure he could look back and point to exactly where she was standing. He still felt it the entire way home, and even as he fell asleep that night.

No, Lucina, I’m sure it was her. Who else could it be? Evangeline was speaking to her daughter telepathically, though she hadn’t moved from her room. She was still shaking from what had happened earlier. She said she was coming.

Well that could mean anything, she’s probably just taunting us. Lucina never did like to admit when there was real danger. She’d become such a good actor she sometimes convinced herself that her performance was real and that nothing could go wrong. Let’s not be hasty, I think we’re both making excellent strides here. Did you feel the Link you made with young Daniel?

Of course she had felt it. It had shocked her nearly as much as Seraph’s announcement had. A Link that strong was unusual, even if she’d been trying to make it. It seemed to have happened purely on accident. That’s no reason to stay. If need be I could just bring him with us wherever we go next.

You know that’s not going to work.

Don’t try to mother me. Nobody else is around to continue the charade for. Lucina severed the telepathic connection and refused to respond after that. Petulant child. She’d probably sulk now for the rest of the night.

Eva couldn't decide on a plan of action after several more minutes. It was pointless making hasty decisions in the moment. She needed to rest, and would come up with something in the morning. The Link was distracting her, telling her exactly where Daniel had run off to. Having the clear mental image of him at all times now was going to be interesting. She tried to get some sleep.

Christine didn’t want to fall asleep, but it had taken her eventually. She was in a car. She wasn’t sure where it was going or how long it would take to get there, but it didn’t take long for nature to start calling. The telltale signs that she would soon need to pee should have worried her. She found herself shrugging it off. If she needed to go she would go.

The pressure continued to build, but she found herself relaxing more and more as it did. Why worry about needing to go? She probably wouldn’t make it anyway. If the last two dreams were any indication, she’d probably just piss herself with no control. What was the point of even trying to hold it, then?

It was building fast now, she knew she’d have to release very soon. She was so relaxed, though. It felt so good to just relax and let nature take its course. Normally when she needed to go, it would build and build and then release all at once in one long stream. In her current state, however, it began as a mere trickle. A few droplets at a time, the pee began to leak out. Why force it out? Why hurry? She wasn’t going anywhere. It would all come out eventually.

She wasn’t sure when her bladder was finally emptied, or even if it ever was. She just continued to feel the relaxing motions of the car driving along, and the pleasantly warm sensation building in her crotch. Eventually she drifted off into a deep slumber.

*013*2018-04-23 06:22

I'm having a bit of a difficult time with this story right now. It's not like I don't know where I want to go with some of these plot threads, it's more like I'm starting to feel bored with the story as a whole. I guess I should ask my audience, such as it is: Where do you see this story going? Where would you like to see it go? Give me your wildest speculations, and I might even end up incorporating some of them.

*014*2018-11-15 12:00

Guess who’s not dead? My creative juices have been working in secret this whole time. I’m trying to craft something truly fantastic here. Here’s the next installment as a treat for anyone who’s been waiting patiently this whole time. I can tell you that the excitement is only going to build from here, we’re getting to the really really juicy parts.

For anybody just tuning in or for people coming back trying to remember who all these characters are, if you notice continuity errors it’s because I’ve gone back and edited earlier parts of the story in my main file and those changes haven’t been reflected here. Bear with me, I think I’ll reupload the whole thing as one when it’s finished. I am working on it more consistently again but I make no promises as to my release schedule. Anyway, without further ramblings I give you...

Phase 5 - Peeing

Andrea wasn't really sure what to make of Christine. She fit nearly all the stereotypes of high school drama, except for maybe getting pregnant and dropping out. Give it time, she thought. Then she felt bad for it. Christine actually seemed like she was trying really hard to be friendly to her. Every day since Monday they'd sat together at lunch and talked. It was Thursday, now, and she was starting to get used to the routine.

Something had seemed kind of off about Christine the last few days though. She seemed constantly on edge about something, like she was about to bolt and run somewhere at a moments notice. It was starting to put Andrea on edge as well. She wasn’t sure what it was, but if Christine was on the brink of some sort of mental breakdown or panic attack it should probably concern her, too, being in such proximity to it. She had decided to go along with the whole idea of them becoming friends, after all.

They had made plans for the next couple days to have Andrea come over and hang out and possibly even stay the night. It sounded like one of those sleepovers she never got invited to back in middle school. She would have thought Christine was too old for that sort of thing by now, but she insisted it would be fun.

Daniel was only slightly concerned about his strange new psychic connection to his girlfriend. Girlfriend! He was still having trouble getting used to thinking of Eva that way. It was really too incredible to believe. It was almost enough to make him forget that somehow he could sense her presence no matter where she went. It felt kind of creepy.

She hadn’t said anything to him about it yet, and he wasn’t about to confront her on it. He was just happy to be able to walk around the school holding hands and kissing her all the time and all the PDA’s he used to hate other couples for. They spent pretty much all their time together now, and he’d been back to her house a few times to spend a few hours cuddling and making out. It amazed him how quickly things had progressed from just a week before.

He literally couldn’t get her out of his head.

Evangeline was doing her best not to think about Ceraph’s warning. She was so focused on her relationship with Daniel, she’d almost completely forgotten her philosophy of subtlety. She’d pushed him a little further than she’d meant, perhaps a little too quickly. It wasn’t like she was trying to avoid the reality that Ceraph would probably ruin everything soon. She was certainly more in control of herself than that.

The Link she had with Daniel gave her even more insight into the way he thought, and she was now able to sense him and feed off of his emotions from literally anywhere. And with how fully he had opened his trust to her, and how strong their connection was, she was stronger than she’d ever been. She figured it was probably about time she started doing something with her powers. She liked to make changed to a person’s reality slowly. It took less energy and it was easier to convince everyone the changes were natural. But she was feeling edgy, with her newfound power and the knowledge Ceraph would probably find a way to take it from her soon, she found herself not thinking about the consequences for once.

Daniel, since she’d known him, had never really understood girls. Humans in general understood little about the opposite gender, and Daniel even less than average. She’d decided early on that she wanted to help him with that problem. She’d tried explaining to him several times how he could better understand women, but now she realized it would probably be easier to show not tell. What better way to learn than by experience? This was going to be fun.

Christine had woken up to wet bed sheets two more times since Monday’s nightmare. There hadn’t even been any dreams to accompany it. She’d simply gone in her sleep with no control and without ever waking up. It was while she was washing her sheets for the third time that week that her mom had confronted her about it. She didn’t want to admit anything, but she knew she would have to eventually, and that if this was linked to some sort of medical condition it would be better to get it out of the way sooner than later.

She still hadn’t said anything. She probably would have to the next time it happened. But she wanted to go to Ms S first. She may not like the woman very much, but it seemed like a better option than telling her mom. Plus she was supposed to be a trained counselor, she should know how to handle the psychological effects this was having, right?

Ms Shalrath’s desk was completely free of papers this time around, and she looked to actually be ready and waiting for Christine’s visit. “Hey looks like you’re right on time,” she said, smiling warmly. “How’s your week been so far?”

Christine slumped down in a chair and admitted, “Pretty awful, so far. You?”

Ms S frowned. “Legally, I’m supposed to care about what’s going on in your life, but I’m just making sure. Was that an actual cry for help? A signal that you want to start taking these sessions seriously?”

Christine shrugged, “Maybe. I mean I guess while I’m here I may as well get some stuff off my chest.” She felt an itch at her throat and realized how thirsty she was. “And can you get me some of that chocolate milk? I’m dying of thirst.”

Ms S frowned deeper. “Oh, sorry. I think I drank the last one earlier. I found some non-chocolate ones from the same vendor, though.”

Christine was only a little disappointed. Only a little, she told herself. “I guess I can try one of those.” When Ms S pulled it from her little fridge she was pleased to see it looked the same, with the same strange writing on the label. She took a swig and was surprised and ecstatic that it seemed to taste even better than the chocolate variant. It tasted sweeter, too. “This is amazing. What kind of milk was it again?” It was so rich and almost syrupy, she just hoped it was mostly the added sugar and not from some weird animal like a goat.

“I honestly couldn’t tell you, I can barely read the label myself” Lucina lied. She knew exactly where the milk came from. She’d made it herself. She was glad to see Christine even more dependant on the stuff than ever. “So what did you want to talk about today? ‘Get off your chest,’ as you put it.”

Christine gulped down the rest of the small bottle and wiped her mouth on her sleeve. “Well, that-” her face was suddenly a deep shade of red. She looked around nervously at the door and windows. “These sessions are private, right? Like you can’t tell anybody about anything that goes on in here. Not even my mom or the principal, right?”

Lucina put on a frown, “Well not unless you’ve done something illegal. There’s a standard client/patient confidentiality agreement in place.” She wasn’t really sure if that was a thing. She’d have to look it up later.

Christine took a deep breath, “Okay. Because this is really embarrassing for me to talk about but I didn’t really know who else to talk to about it. Here goes.” She paused again. “I’ve been having... accidents. In my sleep. At night. It’s been going on for about a week, and it seems like they’re only getting worse. I mean, I’m in highschool for fuck’s sake I shouldn’t be wetting the bed like a little girl.” She became more and more upset as she spoke. Tears began welling up in the corners of her eyes. “I just- I need to know what to do.”

Lucina smiled, but quickly managed to hide it under a mask of concern. “Well does anyone in your family have an existing medical condition that could be the cause?” she asked. “Honestly, Christine, this may end up being something you should see a real medical professional about. I’m not that kind of doctor.” Technically she wasn’t any kind of doctor, but now wasn’t the time to bring that up.

Christine only look more flustered, and her sobs gradually grew more intense, until she was crying uncontrollably. Somewhere deep down Lucina knew she should be feeling some sort of pity for what the girl was going through, but causing mental anguish in her pets was half the fun. It made the gratification later so much more rewarding for them.

When Christine seemed to have calmed down a bit, Lucina managed a warm, genuine smile. “Look, I know you came to me looking for answers, but I really don’t think I have much for you. I mean, the counselling I provide isn’t some magic pill that makes all your problems go away. For the most part I just act as a confidant, someone to talk to about all your problems. Solutions to those aren’t really in my job description.”

Christine sniffed. “Well,” she blubbered, “at least I was able to tell someone. I thought I’d go insane having to deal with this shit on my own.”

Lucina smiled again. “That what I’m here for.”

Several hours later, Christine sat in her room thinking about what she should do. She thought about just not falling asleep that night. She could just never fall asleep ever again. No, that was crazy. But if it happened again there was little chance she could avoid having to tell her mom about it. What then?

The worst part was that she had actually managed to convince her Mom to let her have a friend over. It was hard to believe she’d gone that far, but she even agreed that if the girl didn’t seem too crazy she could stay the night. She didn’t want to use the word sleepover, but that’s pretty much what it was. And she’d have to deal with the fact that she might wake up having wet the bed.

It was almost too much to bear. She cried herself to sleep that night, but thankfully didn’t have any dreams she could recall.

Daniel couldn’t remember where he was or how he got there. Everything was dark, and the only thing he knew for sure was that Eva was somewhere nearby. A small feeling in the back of his mind somehow just knew instinctively that she was. That feeling had only been growing stronger since he’d first noticed it, it seemed at times he could almost hear her thoughts if he was close enough to her. That should have frightened him more than it did.

Instead Daniel was comforted by her presence. Knowing she was nearby made it easier to accept that he had no idea what was going on. Where had all the light gone? Why couldn’t he remember coming here? Then a familiar voice called to him, giving him something to hold on to.

“You know what your problem is Daniel?” Eva asked in her casual way. “Your biggest problem is that of perspective. I don’t think you’ve spent enough time outside of your own little worldview to understand anyone else’s, let alone someone as interesting and intelligent as me.

“But you’re in luck, Daniel. You’re so lucky to have met me because I’m exactly the person who can grant you that kind of new perspective. I’m here to give you a whole new outlook on life. When we’re done you’ll see I was right all along, and, hopefully, you’ll finally be able to understand me a little better. Get ready Daniel.”

Daniel opened his mouth to speak, but no sound came out. In fact, he was having trouble opening his mouth at all, and couldn’t quite remember which muscles controlled what. He found himself squirm his entire body trying to find some measure of control somewhere, but it was as if all his muscles were slowly wading through something thick. He could barely move an inch.

Eva giggled. “Look at you squirming. I promise I’ll be done soon. I won’t do anything too drastic to you just yet. Minor changes at first, but I wanted to give your mind a glimpse of what’s to come.” Daniel heard Eva snap her fingers, and light filled his vision. They were at his school, in a crowded hallway. It seemed to be the start or perhaps the end of just another day. But something was decidedly off.

Everything around Daniel seemed bigger. It was as if someone had shifted everything upward a bit. He looked around and, indeed, it seemed the school had grown quite a bit since he’d last seen it. That or he had shrunk. He looked at his hand and was surprised to find instead of mangled, unwashed fingernails, he had 10 perfectly manicured ones shiny faintly from a fresh coat of light blue polish.

The oddities didn’t end there. He was even more shocked to see what he was wearing. A skirt, with a decidedly girly top covering what appeared to be a pair of underdeveloped breasts. Hair tumbled down around his shoulders and swayed as he moved. This was an interesting dream.

He was glad to finally realize that it was a dream. A part of his brain had awakened to that fact when confronted with such strange imagery. He’d occasionally wondered what it would be like to be a girl, but this was something else. It felt so real. He reached up with his new, dainty hands to feel at the small lumps on his chest. He shivered at how sensitive they were to touch. The shock of that feeling nearly pulled him out of the dream entirely.

“Now, Danielle… I know it seems like a lot to take in, but this is you now. You have to accept that. Get used to the idea, now. I’m going to let you get back to sleep now. I’ll see you in the morning. You probably won’t remember this. Love you!” With that she was gone, and so vanished the dream with her. Everything was blackness again, and soon Daniel was snoring.

Daniel bolted upright at the sound of his morning alarm, only to fall back against his pillow wishing he could sleep just a bit longer. What was with that dream? It had felt so real. He thought about mentioning it to Eva, but he could only imagine how much fun she’d have with it. Best to leave it be. He couldn’t help feel slightly demasculinized, though.

An hour or so later he was at school, walking toward that familiar presence which his mind told him was getting closer and closer. It was almost as though he could reach out and touch her, though he knew she was still too far away. Should he talk to her about that? It was starting to be quite concerning. He tried to not pay any attention to it all through his first class, but it was very distracting.

Between class periods, Daniel felt the call of nature and headed for the nearest bathroom. It was stupid, but he found himself thinking about that dream again as he unbuckled his pants. How would it feel to go to the bathroom as a girl? What would it be like to have a…

Embarrassingly, he found himself becoming aroused at the thought. But as the blood flowed and that tingly sensation in his groin grew, he noticed something odd. His dick was smaller. That was what it seemed like anyway. He always got embarrassed thinking about size and whether or not his would hold up. But it had been bigger than that at least. Despite his semi-hardened state, his penis looked like it belonged on a small child.

Was all this thinking about being a girl affecting his testosterone levels or something? He quickly did up his pants and made a mental note to do a bunch of pushups or something when he got home. It’d probably go back to normal once he got his hormones all balanced out properly. Right?

Daniel made it to Biology just as the bell was ringing. He said nothing as he sat down next to Eva, who smiled warmly at him. This close, he could almost sense what she was feeling as easily as his own emotions. She was happy to see him. The feeling was more than mutual. Being close to her was all he cared about now.

“We need to talk at lunch today,” she suddenly whispered. He turned to see her staring at him intently. “I think you know what about.”

A million things rushed through his mind. Was she also aware of this connection? Did she know about his strange dream? Why was she looking so seriously at him? What was going on? I’m sorry. I can explain everything. I should have explained days ago.

Daniel grew cold as he realized those last thoughts were not his own. They were in his head, but he wasn’t the one thinking them. It was part of that odd bundle of sensation coming from the girl sitting so close to him. Eva was somehow speaking to him through that bond.

Again, sorry. I didn’t mean to freak you out. She was still looking right at him. He stared back, questioningly. This isn’t the place. Lunch time, the library should do. Daniel nodded.

As the day went on and approached the lunch hour, Daniel grew more and more anxious. What the hell had that been? Did his girlfriend have some kind of freaky mind powers or something? This was something straight out of an anime he’d seen. It wasn’t real life, was it? Maybe it was another bizarre dream.

He felt Eva’s approach, and turned to see her walk into the library. He noted, also, that Christine Malaprop was sitting nearby talking quietly with a freshman girl he thought he recognized. That was an oddity, though from what he’d heard through the grapevine, Christine had fallen far from her status as queen bitch of the bitchy “popular” girls at school. Those types of people sickened him, normally, to the point where he avoided any form of contact. It was, however, fascinating to watch their interactions, in the way that it was fascinating to watch footage from the 9/11 attacks.

He put his focus back on what was important, his apparently magical girlfriend. He tried to sound casual as she drew close. “So… you some kind of witch? Because I hear you’re supposed to burn those at the stake.”

“Hilarious,” she rolled her eyes. “No, not a witch.”

“Some kind of psychic then?”

“Would you believe interdimensional being with reality altering abilities?” Damn. She was a lot better at sounding casual while talking about this. Although from their connection, they both knew that the other felt anything but casual. They were both nervous wrecks trying desperately to keep their collective cool.

"I’d probably believe anything at this point,” Daniel said, finally dropping his pretense. “What the hell is going on, Eva?”

“I-” I don’t know, he heard her finish in her head. It was strange to think the girl he’d come to see as so self confident had moments where she wasn’t sure of herself. He could feel all of that now.

“You have to know something? Are you being serious about you not being from this dimension?” When she’d said that her mind told him she didn’t seem to be lying. “What does that even mean? Are you not even human?”

“Well… my body is human.” ...enough, she added in her head. That was comforting.

So, he tried to think the words clearly. Can you hear my thoughts, too?

Yes, she thought back. And, boy are you more messed up than I thought. The thought carried a with it the humor that was clearly painted across her face.

“What does this mean for us though?” Daniel asked seriously. What kind of relationship could they have if she wasn’t even human.

“What do you mean. This shouldn’t have to change anything. I should have been honest with you, maybe, a little more. But this is just who I am. And I’m still the same person you liked before.” She held a hand up to Daniel’s face, looking deeply into his eyes. “I don’t need to read your mind to know how you feel about me, Daniel. I can see it in the way you look at me. In how you act when I’m around.”

Daniel couldn’t keep his face from turning red. He did the only thing he could think of to hide his embarrassment and pulled her tightly against him for a kiss. It was more intense than anything they’d shared before. He could feel the passion coming from her, and she could feel his. It created a feedback loop of emotions that pulled them deeper and deeper into each other’s thoughts. It went on for some time before he finally pulled away, suddenly very conscious of the fact that they were still in public.

He pulled away perhaps a little too suddenly, but could sense she would respect his lack of comfort at the display. She herself didn’t seem to care if everybody was watching. “Well that was a thing,” Daniel chuckled awkwardly.

Andrea hated seeing couples making out in the hallways at school. It was even less common to see it going on in the library, where it was mostly social rejects who’d never been in a relationship even with another social reject. She really couldn’t wait for highschool to be over.

Christine hadn’t said much today, but Andrea could tell there was something on her mind. She wasn’t sure if she should be the first to bring it up. She had a feeling what it was about, and was afraid Christine was going to cancel their plans for a sleepover. She couldn’t think of a better word for it than that.

“Christine,” she began hesitantly, “you don’t seem that excited about tonight.”

Christine looked lost in thought, and turns her focus again on Andrea. Her smile almost seemed genuine, but didn’t quite reach her eyes. “Nah, I’m excited. Maybe a little worried about my mom, still. Have I mentioned how crazy she is?”

“A few times, yes.” It was clear Christine would try to avoid the subject and turn it back around to another rant about how lame her parents were, or start to gossip about the bitchy things her old group of friends were up to. She loved to keep tabs on them, it seemed, despite swearing vehemently that she no longer cared about any of them.

Christine launched into another story about how Becky Sue or whoever was fucking John Whatshisname behind Amy’s back, but Amy knew about it and was planning to revenge sex Becky’s real crush or some asinine scheme that Andrea couldn’t really give two shits about. She had slowly begun to wonder why she ever cared about the “popular” kids in middle school. They were all beyond saving.

“I really am looking forward to tonight,” Christine finally said. “I’ve been thinking a lot- probably too much- about the friends I thought I had, and-” She looked thoughtful for a moment. “Well I should be honest, I’ve been feeling very lonely. I’m glad I have you to talk to, even if I just have to vent my frustration at those other girls.” Christine leaned over to give Andrea a friendly hug. Lunch was nearly over, now and they’d need to be getting to their last classes.

Andrea still felt a little uncomfortable with the hugging, touchy-feely stuff, and wasn’t sure how she felt about this strange sincerity coming from Christine, but she found herself smiling. “Well, it is- you know- nice to- uh- have someone to talk to as well,” she finished awkwardly. She was at least getting better at talking coherently with Christine, if not by much.

Christine smiled back. “Okay, so right after school we’ll swing by your house to grab whatever you need for the night and we’ll be all set. See you then.”

Christine didn’t really feel like going to her last class. She had very nearly canceled with Andrea, but didn’t have the heart to ruin the fun after building it up for the poor girl for so long. She felt bad that it had started out as her just wanting to use Andrea for her own ends. She had actually come to like the girl somewhat.

But what if I have an accident in the night? She’d been dry that morning, but she was living in constant fear of what her next night may bring. She avoided drinking any more water than she needed to, staying thirsty most of the day. She needed someone to confide in who she could tell about her problem. She couldn’t tell Andrea. She’d never be able to live it down if any other students found about she wet the bed. She hadn’t realized where she was going until she found herself in front of Ms Shalrath’s office.

She knocked timidly. After a moment the door swung open to reveal a sheepish looking Ms S. When she saw it was Christine her expression changed to exacerbation. “It’s just you? I thought the admin was here early for my reports.” She looked relieved yet irritated at the same time. “We just had a session yesterday didn’t we? Did you forget what day it was?” She paused, “Oh shit did I forget what day it was?”

This seemed like a side to Ms S Christine hadn’t seen before. Even when she was being aloof and pretending not to care about counseling, there was a sense of- professionalism- that she cared enough about her work to at least pretend to try. Now she looked as though she couldn’t be bothered to pretend.

“I know it’s not one of our days, but well- you see- what we talked about yesterday- I-” Christine found herself stammering, flustered at her inability to speak. Her mouth was so dry. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d had anything to drink.

“Look, sweety, I’m sorry but you’re not my only patient. I have other people I need to see today and have quite a bit of paperwork that needs doing. I think I already gave you my advice. You should talk to your parents about your problem, and if it persists see a medical doctor. There’s not really anything I can do. If you’re that worried about it you can buy some sort of protection to keep your bed dry at night.”

Christine blushed furiously and looked around hoping no one was nearby to overhear that suggestion. She doesn’t mean- Protection? What kind of solution would that be? She’d rather tell her mom about it. She felt like talking back, but sat there thinking for a moment. There was something else that had drawn her here. She couldn’t quite explain what. Her throat was tightening, she needed something. Something to quench her growing thirst. She needed-

“Well, before I go I was at least wondering if you had any more of that special milk. I could really use something to drink.”

“Oh, that? I think there’s a couple left.” She looked behind her as if considering letting Christine come in and grab it from the fridge. “I’ll grab you one, I don’t want you thinking you can come in and just loiter anytime you want.”

“I totally understand,” Christine said, gratefully taking the bottle when Ms S handed to her. I’m sorry to bother you. I- I’ll see you on Monday.” If I haven’t died of embarrassment by then. She tore off the lid and began guzzling the sweet, sweet nectar within. The creamy white fluid slid easily down her throat, satisfying her thirst momentarily. She found herself wishing she’d asked for more than one. Hopefully there would still be some left come Monday.

Evangeline had placed herself into a very precarious situation. The charade she’d been putting on for Daniel was beginning to slip, and he was starting to see through the cracks to her true self. She’d let him know far more than she ever intended, and was worried how much more he’d find out before it was all said and done.

Her feelings for Daniel were complicated now. She wasn’t completely lying when she said she cared about him, and that worried her. She was normally able to stay completely detached from her projects, even while stringing them along and making them believe she loved them. He was meant to only be a tool to increase her power. This was turning into such a mess.

On top of that she had to worry about whether Ceraph would show up and spoil everything again. She probably would, and thinking about it only brought up painful memories. She pushed that all aside to try and focus on her situation with Daniel. Could she really continue with her plan? Was it even necessary now that he had such insight into her thoughts directly? She had to be very careful around him to only let him hear the thoughts she wanted him to. It was quite a mental exercise, and left her feel exhausted afterward.

Yes, she would go through with her plans. She needed to. It was all that was keeping her mind occupied from Ceraph and what was to come.

Lucina, Eva sent. Come upstairs, please. I need something to distract me.

Oh, did you just think of yourself as Eva? You really are spending too much time with that boy.

Hush, now, and come upstairs. Naked, preferably. Think of this as an apology for me being rude the other day.

Not going to make me strip in front of you this time?

No time for foreplay, I need some to distract me now.

Daniel was having a hell of a day. He didn’t know what to make of the revelations from Eva about her being some sort of alien or superbeing from another dimension. He still wasn’t sure which one it was, exactly. All he knew was that his feelings for her were as strong as ever, but there was something off about her when they had spoken last.

He’d felt the normal bundle of emotions from her that he’d come to expect, but there was something else there. It was like there was another set of emotions hidden just under the surface. He hadn’t noticed it at first, but if he felt for it carefully he could almost read the thoughts hidden under her thoughts. There was something more cold and calculating there, not at all like her outward characteristics. And a great deal of what he could only call guilt, which seemed to be directed at him. It didn’t make any sense. Her secret was out, what more did she have to feel guilty about? What else could she possibly be hiding from him?

He was home now and it was nearly bedtime. He was about to turn in when something new came to him through their Link, a word she’d used to describe whatever it was they shared. A warm sensation that continued to grow until it was something hot. A burning passion, a lustful need. He almost didn’t want to believe what was happening. Eva had become incredibly horny, and now it was affecting him.

He tried to ignore for about half an hour but she seemed to be stoking the fire more and more somehow. He could almost feel the pleasure through the Link, she was probably masturbating. It wasn’t something he thought about girls doing- at least- not Eva. He couldn’t help himself, he caved into desire.

With no other lubricant handy he spit on his own hand and began to stroke himself slowly, but it wasn’t long before he’d ramped it up to a rapid pace. It was an incredible feeling to have the pleasure enhanced by what Eva was also feeling at the time. He couldn’t feel anything directly from her, just her mental reactions to it, but it was enough to really get him going.

If it was this good just touching himself, while they weren’t even in the same room, it made him shudder with excitement to think what it might be like if they ever- the thought of it pushed him over the edge. He exploded into one of the most forceful orgasms of his life. And it was at that exact moment that he was awakened to a horrifying sight.

His dick had become tiny.

It wasn’t his imagination or just some self-deprecating observation born of insecurity. His dick had definitely shrunken even smaller. It was like a baby’s. What the hell was going on?

Getting to sleep was not easy, but after running through a million things in his head he finally gave out to exhaustion. Things would have to sort themselves out by morning.

Andrea felt stupid for being nervous about spending the night at Christine’s. It was a dumb thing to get nervous about, right? She wasn’t even nervous, was she? Unless she was. She should probably be more nervous. Calm down!

She was starting to exhaust herself with these mental jumping jacks. Christine had picked her up and they were just heading over to her house. For some reason Christine looked just as nervous as Andrea. That was comforting, but odd. Had she never had anybody stay over before? It might be a new experience for both of them.

“So- I need to go the the drug store real quick to pick up some- ahem- supplies. Shark week coming up and I tend to bleed a lot, you know. You can stay in the car.” Andrea shifted uncomfortably. That was about all the information she could need or want relating to Christine’s period. It was a part about being a woman she kind of wanted to forget.

“K, take your time,” she was reasonably certain that her nervousness didn’t show in her voice. She wasn’t nervous. Her hands would definitely stop trembling soon. Being alone in the car while Christine went inside the store didn’t help. It only gave her more time to be alone with her thoughts. She hated being alone with those. They were never good.

At the very least she was glad to not have any more bouts of- whatever that had been the day she met Christine. She wasn’t sure if it was some form of depression, or if it would strike her again at some point. Her parents were understandably concerned, almost more so since her seemingly miraculous recovery from it. They all laughed about it now, chalking it up to teenage hormones or whatever, but underneath there was a question nobody was brave enough to voice: Will it happen again?

Her parents were more than glad to see her off to a friend’s house for the weekend. They were pleased at any interaction Andrea had with her peers. Even before the depression it was becoming clear she would have a hard time making friends in high school. The few she’d made up until that point had all but abandoned her, and she wasn’t very good at talking to people.

Christine finally came back to the car. For some reason she looked really embarrassed about what she was carrying, and threw the bags a little too quickly into the back seat. Andrea made a cursory glance at their contents and noted that Christine uses pads instead of tampons. There was also something else that seemed out of place. Bed sheets? That’s what it looked like anyway.

She only looked for a second, not wanting to seem like she was looking, before Christine got into the front seat herself. She apologized again for the stop before they were on their way.

The night played out pretty much as well as Christine could have hoped for. Turned out Andrea was exactly the kind of friend her mom approved of, and they really hit it off. Christine couldn’t remember the last time she had actually enjoyed laughter around the dinner table with her family. It seemed so out of place.

The night was finally winding down and she and Andrea were getting ready for bed. This was where the tricky part came. While she was in the store buying maxi pads she didn’t need, she’d checked out a section that had been labeled “incontinence.” It was a word she had had to learn earlier that day while searching the web for “protection” solutions.

She hated the very idea of it, and hated what most of the results yielded, but she respected Ms S enough to at least try to heed her advice. Well, respect was a strong word. She liked Ms S well enough, but respect sounded too much like responsibility, and she was still young enough that she wasn’t supposed to worry about that shit.

In the incontinence section she was faced with what she’d read about online directly, and it sent jolts of terror down her spine just to consider it. She decided to go with the least embarrassing option and get plastic sheet covers for her bed. Then at least she could try to hide it from her parents a little longer. She hoped.

What really had her worried was getting the plastic sheet cover on without letting Andrea notice. Her plan was to wait for Andea to use the bathroom to brush her teeth and whatever, and do it fast before she came back. She hoped for all that she’d never have to explain anything like this to Andrea. She’d probably have to kill herself.

Andrea tried to pretend she hadn’t noticed anything. It was mostly easy. When she had gone to the bathroom down the hall to finish getting ready for bed, she’d noticed Christine jump into movement behind her. There was a lot of rustling and- crinkling? She decided not to care. It was probably some dumb surprise or joke Christine was playing. She’d been acting real suspicious all night, like she was planning something.

When she got back she walked in on Christine with her mattress half off the bed with her desperately trying to put some sort of sheet over it. That was the source of the crinkling. Was that thing made of plastic? Wasn’t that the sort of thing you put on your bed if you had a tendency to- Andrea cut off her line of thinking there. Didn’t want to think about it, or push further into what would definitely be uncomfortable territory for the both of them.

“Oh, uh!” Christine fumbled and pulled the rest of the sheet over and quickly tried to get it all back sorted like how it was. “Just changing out my- uh, bedding. You know- make sure it’s all- uh, clean. Yeah. I just did laundry this morning and- uh, haven’t had a chance to change it yet.” Her face was beet red and she was stammering through her sentences almost as bad as Andrea herself had when they met.

To put is short, it was awkward. So she sat on the floor with her sleeping bag and pretended that nothing had happened. Well this sucks, she thought. Everything was going so well. My nervousness had finally gone away and I thought we were actually having a pretty good night. Now I get this possible revelation and I just have to ignore it out of politeness? This was why Andrea hated talking to people.

“So-” Christine finally said to break the silence, “got any ghost stories?” Andrea let out her breath, which she hadn’t noticed she’d been holding. It seemed they weren’t going to have to discuss it further, and things could just go back to like how they were. At least, if Christine was going to act that way it would be easier to follow her lead. Still, Andrea would now have to live with the knowledge in the back of her mind of the possibility that her new best friend might still wet the bed.

Daniel didn’t dream. He was too afraid to. It was Saturday, so he hadn’t set an alarm, but he still rose with the sun that morning. He couldn’t stand another minute in bed with his thoughts, and despite his dread, needed to confirm his fears. He got up, went into the bathroom and undid his pants.

His shaft was gone. His balls had completely shriveled away to nothing. All that was left was a little bump that looked like it used to be the tip, with the tiny slit for pee to come out. He had to sit down for his morning pee. He nearly started crying as he did. His manhood had been completely taken from him.

Before he could even come up with how something like this could happen, he felt the familiar presence in his head stir.

Daniel? Came Eva’s voiced clearly in his mind. He hadn’t heard it so clear without her standing nearby before. Oh no, Daniel! You need to come to my house right away. I’m so sorry. I can explain everything.

Daniel felt numb. Of course. This was exactly the sort of thing he should have expected. Eva was messing with him again. Why not? Maybe it was punishment for the mutual masturbation session the night before. He knew he should feel ashamed about that but the only emotion he was able to grab onto at the moment was-

Anger. Eva… Eva!? She’d shrunk his dick with her magic mind powers, as what? Some or of funny prank? She didn’t seem to be amused by it. She’d actually sounded concerned in his head. But he’d latched onto to anger and spite and wasn’t ready to let go of it until he’d confronted her.

Yeah, he’d go to her house for an explanation. He was going to demand an explanation whether she was willing to give it or not. And if he didn’t like it- oh boy. He wasn’t sure what he’d do, but he let himself stew anyway. He marched out the door toward the girl in his head.

Andrea opened her eyes to find sunlight pouring into the bedroom. She glanced at her phone. It was almost noon. She’d really slept in late, despite having a hard time finding a comfortable position on the floor. She and Christine had stayed up ridiculously late.

Christine seemed to be stirring awake as well. Andrea slowly stretched and leaned forward, sitting upright. She glanced over at her friend, and saw something. Her blanket was noticeably wet. The dark patch seemed to start somewhere around Christine’s legs, and it didn’t take Andrea long to connect the dots. She quickly put her head back down and pretended to be asleep again.

Maybe if I let her wake up first, give her time to clean it up before I’m awake, maybe we won’t have to talk about it. Maybe she has some medical condition. I’m asleep, don’t look, don’t look.

To Andrea’s utter shock, Christine began sobbing softly, groaning, “Noooooo. No no this can’t be real.”

She knew Andrea was awake, it was hard to hide, so she sat up to see Christine in tears sitting in the middle of a ruined “waterproof” bed sheet. Faint urine smells wafted from the bed throughout the room. It was the clear the sheets had failed to really keep anything from getting wet.

Andrea didn’t know what to say. She didn’t say anything for a very long time, while Christine’s tears grew more and more hysterical. She sobbed deeply with her face buried in her knees on her bed.

Andrea, tentatively, stood and made a move toward her. She hesitated a moment, and finally decided to sit on the bed beside her friend. She tentatively moved a hand onto Christine’s back and began to try and comfort her.

*016*2018-11-16 11:08

Thanks, yeah like i said in the foreword heading thing for that last post, we're coming up on some pretty juicy bits. the plot is gonna feel like it's moving a lot faster and we're gonna see a lot more omo and probably sexual bits. so be ready for some fun stuff.

