Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Launch Needs to Pee

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-18 05:39

After Goku left the Tournament when he got defeated by Jackie Chun (who is really Master Roshi) and went to search for his 4 Star Dragon Ball. Roshi & the Gang departed but Krillin wanted to stay at Roshi's Island to train some more...

[This takes place in the Original DB series just to let people know]

Krillin: "Please Master Roshi! I want to stick around with you!"

Roshi: "(Hmmm I got it) Okay fine but in 1 Condition"

Krillin: "And that Condition is...?"

Roshi:"I want you to do some Errands for me for about 2 Days then come back to my Island do you understand?"

Krillin: "Sure Master right on it!"

Roshi: "Good now here's the list of things I need"

Krillin: "Wow that's a long list! Okay then I will see you in 2 days!"

Roshi: "Now Launch let's head back to my island"

Launch (Good): "Uh Roshi I gotta use the restroom first do you think you can wait for me?"

Roshi: "Nonsense, you can hold it can you? I have a Capsule that will take us back to my Island it won't be long"

Launch (Good): "Hmm Okay then. I think I can hold it for a while."

Roshi: "Good, now let's go"

(Capsule turns into Mobile Plane and has already been 30 minutes)

Launch (Good): "Mmm, Roshi are we almost there?"

Roshi: "Don't worry just 30 more minutes then we will be there in a jiffy"

Launch (Good): "Okay then. *Squirms while holding/touching her Groin area* (I hope I make it in time)"

(Mobile Plane landed and Roshi relaunched his House from a Capsule)

Roshi: "Here we are Launch, Home Sweet Home!"

Launch (Good): " (I don't think I can make it in time) Roshi may I go behind your House?"

Roshi: "Hmm what for? I thought you needed the restroom?"

(Launch sneezes)

*Achoo* Launch (Bad): "Hey old timer move aside I'm going behind your house if you don't like it or not! Do I make myself clear!?"

*In Fear* Roshi: "Yes go ahead *shivers cowardly* go do what you got to do it's not of my business anyways *Laughs Hysterical* "

(Bad Launch runs behind the House instead of going into the House)

(Pulls down Yellow Shorts & Panties then Squats)

Launch (Bad):" *Starts peeing (light yellow) & sounds like a stream* Aaahhh *sighs* Much better... I really had to go... *continues peeing* "

Launch (Bad): " *peeing stops* Ah there we go [pulls up shorts & panties] that felt really-- reall--- ah-ah-*Achoo* "

Launch (Good): "Hmmm oh seems like my bad-self finished off for me. Oh well time to go back inside Roshi's House"

Roshi: "So Launch how did it go?"

Launch (Good): "Hmm oh I peed in your backyard *laughs sincerely* "

Roshi: "Oh my... (I wonder if she will do that again only when she is nice *perverted in-voice laugh*)"

*002*2017-09-18 11:50

{{5 hours ago, Ktpq said:

Nice chapter I quite enjoyed this we need more dragon ball , dragon ball z omoras go stories with the girls

}}

Why thank you I actually plan to do more in the future. I'm calling it a Chronicle series to connect with the Main Series so that way there can be many different chapter from many different events. Only from DB to DBZ for now.

*004*2017-09-18 20:37

I love it. I can't wait to read more!

