Desperate explosion while trapped on an airplane

Author: gtg420

*000*2025-02-23 23:07

Kenny watched nervously out the window of the plane as droplets of rain pattered the glass. The sight of liquid wasn’t helping the fact that his swollen bladder was sloshing with the turbulence, aching where the seatbelt cut into it. The "fasten seatbelt" sign was lit, and the stewardess had already admonished him once for standing up, but he needed the bathroom desperately. This had to let up; he couldn’t wait much longer. He glanced out of the corner of his eye at Anna, who had her nose buried in a magazine.

He couldn't believe how long the flight was taking. The large coffee and two bottles of water that he'd chugged on his way to the airport were now catching up to him with a vengeance, demanding release. He shifted position, trying to ease the pressure, but it only served to send a new shock of urgency through his straining bladder. He loosened his belt as much as he could and pressed his legs together, feeling sweat rise on the back of his neck. His eyes darted to the front of the plane, where the bathroom sign hung unlit, teasing him with the unreachable promise of relief.

"Kenny," said Anna, finally noticing his tenseness and harried expression, "are you okay?"

Kenny grit his teeth. "I'm fine."

“You look sick.”

The plane rocked with sudden turbulence and Kenny's bladder screamed, warning of imminent collapse. His hand darted to his crotch, beyond his control–it was all he could do to not piss himself. The plane jerked again, then suddenly seemed to freefall for half a second, making Anna gasp. Kenny moaned as a jet of hot piss escaped his bladder.

"Wow!" Anna put her hand to her heart and looked over at him. Her face grew quizzical, then shocked, as her eyes dropped to his lap.

“Kenny!” she hissed in a stage whisper. “Are you peeing your pants?”

“I’m trying not to!” Kenny bit the inside of his cheek, struggling to keep the tides inside him. His bladder was rock-hard, stretched beyond belief. Every breath seemed to bring a surge of desperation. He knew he couldn't hold it for another five minutes, let alone long enough to land and deboard.

“I have to ask the stewardess again,” he gasped.

“She said you can’t.”

“I’m going to wet myself.” Kenny struggled out of his seatbelt, stopping twice to grab himself. He stood up and made his way past Anna, losing another dribble as he did so. He was barely in the aisle when the stewardess came by again.

"Sir! I've told you, you HAVE to stay in your seat!"

"Please, it's an emergency!"

"I'm sorry, sir, but you may not leave your seat while the fasten seatbelt sign--"

"I'm going to fucking piss myself!" he hissed.

"Sir!" She put her hands on her hips, balking at his language. "I'm sure you can hold it!"

Kenny sat down with his face burning in shame. He could feel eyes on him from the opposite row; the stewardess hadn’t exactly been subtle. He didn't dare fasten his seatbelt again, but thankfully she didn’t notice that. Anna gave him a worried look as he grabbed himself, doing all that he could to hold it in.

"Are you gonna be okay?"

He shook his head.

"It's only another half hour."

"I can't hold it, Anna. I have to go NOW."

"But you can't."

The plane shook with turbulence and Kenny made a strangled groaning noise as another hot, sputtering burst of piss soaked into his boxers and jeans. The wet spot on his thigh was now the size of a golf ball. Anna stared at it and then at his face, and when she looked down again it had grown to the size of an orange.

"Oh, Kenny…”

"I can't hold it..." He bent over nearly in half, contorting his body into a ridiculous position. "It's coming out, it's coming out..."

“Hold on!” Anna pulled her backpack out from under the seat and started rummaging in it. As if he could just hold on! The weak, strained muscles of his bladder fluttered and burned, hot trickles of piss forcing their way out and into his urethra, dribbling between his pinched fingers. Anna shoved something into his hand and he realized it was a balled-up t-shirt.

“Pee into this,” she whispered in his ear. “I’ll block you with the bag.”

Another spurt of piss escaped him at the thought of being able to let go. But he knew Anna’s thin summer t-shirt couldn’t contain the flood inside him; he’d be lucky if it soaked up enough to ease the pressure a little. “Anna, this isn’t enough.”

“It’s all I have.”

“Oh, God.” Another spurt of piss welled up around Kenny’s fly, shimmering in the light, then sunk back down into the fabric. It was the shirt, or his pants–he had no choice. He unzipped his fly with one shaking hand as the other desperately kneaded his dick, trying to hold the floodgates closed just another few seconds. Anna propped the bookbag up to shield his lap from view. 

As soon as Kenny’s dick was free of his pants, his bladder spasmed and he began to blast piss uncontrollably, splattering the seatback in front of him before he got the t-shirt into place. He moaned aloud, overcome with the relief. Sizzling piss rushed through his trembling dick and surged out into the fabric. But it seemed that only seconds passed before he could feel the wetness on his palm–the t-shirt was already saturated. 

He squirmed, trying to cut off the stream, but his barely-relieved bladder wouldn’t obey. He couldn’t stop wetting. Piss began to pool in the center of the balled-up shirt, surrounding his dick with hot, steaming piss, then waterfalled over the sides as it continued to pour from him.

Anna gasped as she heard it. “Kenny, stop!”

“I can’t.” His voice was shaking with the effort. “I told you it wasn’t enough.”

She looked down and raised her shoes in disgust. “You’re peeing all over the floor!”

“I can’t hold it.” His urine surged out from him in a neverending flood from his limp, spent dick, making a loud splattering sound that seemed to echo around the cabin. Surely others could hear him now. His cheeks burned as he stared at his accident, afraid to look up. It was humiliating, but the relief was almost orgasmic. The pinch in his bladder was finally beginning to lessen, the swollen redness in his abdomen shrinking. If he could stop now, maybe he could hold it until they landed–but he had no control, absolutely none, even as Anna’s panicked hand flew into his lap and tried to pinch his dick closed. He shot hot piss into the palm of her hand and she gasped.

“Kenny!” she shouted, far too loud.

Kenny hissed at her. “I cannot stop. I can’t. Let go of me, I will piss all over you.”

And he was, in fact, pissing all over her, because the jostling had made the t-shirt drop and he was now wetting the cuff of her cardigan. Anna dropped his dick in shock and an arc of piss caught the overhead lights before he was able to point it downwards.

At that moment, to Kenny’s horror, he heard the heel-clicks of the stewardess approaching. He tried to force the piss from his bladder faster, but there was so much left. When he looked up to see her almost at their row, he quickly pulled Anna’s backpack into his lap and pretended to be rummaging through it as his dick, hidden from view, continued to splatter a hard stream onto the floor. Anna, to her credit, began loudly rustling a chip bag to hide the sound of his accident.

“Is everything all right?” asked the stewardess, in a suspicious tone.

“We’re fine, thanks,” said Anna cheerfully. Kenny tried to give her a friendly look, praying his face wasn’t too flushed and that his eyes didn’t give away his shame.

“We’re preparing for landing, and all passengers must continue to stay seated. I’m afraid you’ll have to use the restroom at the airport.”

I’m using the restroom in your plane, and I cannot fucking stop, thought Kenny, but he just smiled. “That’s okay,” he said, a little hitch in his voice as the tides in his bladder drained towards blissful emptiness. “I think I can wait.”

