Motherэs Visit in New York (Part I)

Author: Guest danitiger

*000*2020-06-06 21:16

The events of this story are mostly true. However, some parts are garnished with additional detail for the purpose of storytelling. There will be several parts to this story.

Karen is a 44-year-old mum of two sons, is happily married and lives in the north of Germany. She has blonde curly hair, is an avid tennis player and teaches biology and chemistry at a local high school in Germany. Her oldest son David attends university and during his business studies he spent a semester abroad in New York City.

Karen still gets the shivers when she thinks about the first days of visiting her oldest son David in New York about a year ago...

Part 1

Karen arrived at JFK Airport around noon after an 8-hour-flight from Munich that day. Taking an Uber to her son's East village flat, she could finally embrace her oldest one again. She was very proud of him, especially of the fact how well he did with his studies and that he had become such an independent young man at the age of only 21 years. Karen herself stems from a tiny village in southern Germany, had a modest upbringing and as she got pregnant for the first time at the age of 23, just when she was about to finish her biology and chemistry studies, she had never spent any longer time abroad. Even for a German native, her English was mediocre at best. Although Karen was a little tired from the flight, she did not want to waste any time discovering the city with her son as she had never been to New York. 

The first impression she received on the Uber from JFK to Manhattan had already fascinated her. Her son had rented a room in a small flat in the heart of the East Village. His roommate was an American student from Chicago who was the same age and also attended university nearby. The flat had two rooms, a small kitchen area with a table and one bathroom right next to the kitchen. Karen had to share a bed with her grown-up son, something she probably had not done since he was a toddler. She had thought about booking a hotel room nearby, but as soon as she saw how much she would have to spend, she asked her son if she could sleep in the flat as well. Her son was not too happy at first to share a bed with his mum, but as the bed was just big enough for the two of them and as there was not even space on the floor for a spare mattress, he agreed. She would only visit for five nights anyway.

After having walked around the East Village for most of the afternoon, Karen, David and his roommate Chris got ready for the evening. Chris wanted to meet some friends of his at a brewery in Brooklyn and had suggested to David and his mum that they could come along. All three then took the subway to Brooklyn where they met Chris's friends in front of the brewery. Karen is generally not a huge fan of beer, but as everybody had some and there were differents sorts of beer to taste, she joined in. After the third small beer and some food, she actually started liking it and, to be honest, it made it a little easier for her to converse in English. At first, she did not understand much of what Chris and his friends were saying, but once she got a little used to their accents, it became easier and easier. She was of the opinion that she understood English quite well, anyway, just speaking it was quite a hassle for her.

After about two hours, the plan was to move downstairs, where the brewery had a little stage. A monthly comedy event was on today. Some local comedians where about to hit the stage to entertain the audience for the next two hours. They were rather early, so they got seats in the second row almost right in front of the stage. The room did not have any chairs, but wooden benches which were lined up in twelve rows to the left and right of the stage in order to accomodate around 200 people. When the first comedian had hit the stage just after 9pm, Karen felt a little twinge in her bladder and got the feeling that the last beer was making its way down and that she probably should have used the toilet again before the show started. But as a high school teacher she was used to hold her urine for quite some time if necessary. I mean, what choice do you have, if you have to teach and watch some pubescent teens for the next two hours and you have to pee? Hold it and do not complain, exactly.

Each comedian, some also as duos had about 15 minutes for his/her performance and they were actually really good. Karen enjoyed herself even though she only understood less than 50 % of their jokes. Her son David reassured her later that he also did not understand everything, so she did not feel bad about her English skills. After about an hour, the show took a little break. One of Chris's friends, a girl named Dana started talking to Karen and enquired about where she is from, what her plans where in NYC, etc. etc. 

Dana then also told Karen that her mum is originally from Germany as well, but Dana herself does not really speak the language as she grew up in the States. Karen actually wanted to use the break to use the bathroom, but as she saw from her seat that there was a long line of ladies waiting already and as she enjoyed the conversation with Dana, she decided to wait. Chris then even brought Karen another small beer, which she did not even want, but as she did not want to be impolite, she drank most of it anyway.

The show then went on, but after about 15 minutes, Karen really regretted not having used the toilet during the break. She never really had any problems holding her urine, even after having two kids, but that last beer during the break sent her bladder in overdrive. Sitting tight on a wooden bench between her son to her left and Chris to her right, Karen was getting really uncomfortable. She tried to press her knees together and focus on the comedy. But after another five minutes she could not even sit still anymore. Karen tried to cross her legs as discreetely as possible, but as Karen's left hip and leg was touching her son to her left and her right hip and leg was touching David's roommate Chris, she could only be as discreet.

Another five minutes past, she could no longer concentrate on the comedy show at all and she started thinking about her options. Actually, there were not many options. She was sitting in the middle of a bench between her son and his friends only a few feet away from the stage where the comedy took place. The bathrooms were on the far left of the room. Some people would have to get up and everybody in the room would see that she had to get up and go to the toilet. Karen knew that the comedy will not go on forever, maybe another half an hour, so she tried to hold on as best as she could. She tried to think of something else and get her mind back to what was happening on the stage. But holding her pee was getting more difficult by the second. She had to move positions every minute and wriggle and move her leg even if she tried to sit still. It was getting embarassing. The people around her would notice that something is not okay.

David had already noticed his mum somehow getting antsy and uncomfortable. At first he thought it is only her sitting position, but as she changed her position and started moving her legs, he realized that she most likely needs a bathroom quite bad. It would not be surprising after all that beer. Still, David did not say anything, his mum was a grown adult after all and could certainly hold it until the end of the show.

Karen tried her best not to attract any more attention. But the waves from her bladder were getting worse. She was extremely desperate to pee now and knew that if she stood up, her desperation would most likely increase even more. She then might have to cross her legs immediately or even hold herself, which she could, of course, not do in front of the whole audience. That was her dilemma. She knew that she should really go to the bathroom asap, but she was already beyond the point where she could get up and go to the bathroom as relaxed as she should. But as the next wave hit her, she really had to hold her breath and press her knees together as hard as she could. Her head then told her that she has no choice but to to head to the toilet. Once she felt a little better, she grabbed her handbag, whispered to her son "Ich geh mal kurz aufs Klo (I'll quickly go to the bathroom)" and got up.

Chris and her friends had to move their feet or also get up a little in order to let her through which, of course, created some attention, especially right in front of the stage. The two comedians on stage, two Asian-Americans from Boston in their late twenties, saw that Karen got up and as their were just in their routine of making jokes about cultural differences, they grabbed the opportunity to call Karen on stage ("Ma'am, oh, you want to join us on the stage!?"). 

Karen was only focused on not stumbling while getting out of her row and heading to the toilet as relaxed as possible, so she did not even hear the comedians addressing her. But everybody else in the audience of course did. Dana then grabbed Karen by her arm just as she passed her and drew her attention to the comedians. David's mother did not understand at first, but she turned around and saw the two comedians giving her an inviting look. Dana then gave her another little push towards the stage. Just at this moment, probably from the shock of the whole situation, Karen's muscles gave out for a split second and a spurt of urine escaped into her panties. She did not realize it at first, but her whole body was now filled with adrenaline from the shock, so she just got up on the small stage.

The two comedians asked her for her name and immediately realized that she was not from the States, which was a blessing to their routine of making jokes about cultural differences. When they found out that she is German they started one joke after the other and the audience was very amused. Karen, on the other hand, was beet red in the face due to her embarassement and tried to smile and laugh although she did not understand everything. She unconsciously had her right hand pressed into her right jeans pocket and her legs crossed. She had no time to think about it, but the spurt of pee was not yet visible on her tight jeans.

When they asked her a question, she could not really answer for a lack of English vocabulary. They then reasoned that she just wanted to get up and leave as their comedy was so bad. The audience roared with laughter. In the end, they told somebody to take a picture of them with Karen in the middle as they wanted to have proof that "Germans can also smile" for once. Karen then got released from stage with a huge round of applause.

Not thinking straight with the rush of adrenaline, Karen went back to her seat on the bench instead of the bathroom. Right now, all seemed very surreal for her. Only after a few minutes she calmed down a little and realized that she felt a little wet in her crotch and that some urine must have really slipped out. She felt even more embarrassed now, but right then she did not feel like she had to go to the bathroom anymore. The comedy show then went on for about 20 more minutes with one last comedian. Just before the end of the show, when the adrenaline rush slowly faded in Karen's body, her need to pee came back. But with even more force than before. 

While everybody applauded the last comedian, she suddenly felt light-headed and for a few seconds really thought her bladder would give up and she would full on pee in her jeans right then and there on the bench. Lucky for her, it did not happen. Instead everybody got up and started talking about the show while Karen tried to collect herself and get up without attracting any attention. She then told her son again that she would go to the toilet. Dana wanted to join her and the others said they would wait outside for them.

As the bathrooms were in the back of the room, there was again a queue once Dana and Karen reached the ladies' room. Dana talked to Karen most of the time which distracted her a little, but generally 100 % of her attention were directed to her bladder as she had to try her best to stand still and not do a full-on pee dance in front of Dana and the other women waiting. The queue was actually moving quite fast and they soon got closer to the entrance of the toilet. Suddenly Karen got hit by such a wave that she knew even before it happened that she would not be able to stem the flow anymore. She tried her hardest to cross her legs as hard as she could, but she could feel a wave of warm fluid escaping into her crotch. 

Her only option was to stop the flow by quickly grabbing her crotch with her right hand, but she could already feel some wetness on her jeans. Karen was beyond embarassed and their was no hiding her predicament in front of Dana. The latter realized that this German woman must be really bursting and said: "Don't worry, Karen, I'm also really really desperate to pee." The only thing was that Dana was rather telling herself that she was "really really desperate", but probably not even half as bad as Karen. And Dana is 20 years younger. At least it was dark so that nobody could see that Karen had actually started to pee in her clothes...

Karen then reached a toilet and had one of the best reliefs of her life. But the happiness of the relief quickly faded when she surveyed the damage on her clothes. Luckily she wore a thin pantyliner for the flight although she almost never does. But that pantyliner might have saved her dignity in front of her son and his friends although it was now totally soaked. The same was true for her black comfy panties that she decided to wear for the journey. She had to throw the pantyliner away and take her panties off. 

Luckily her jeans only had a spot about the size of a small plate in the crotch area. If she keeps her legs closely together, nobody should be the wiser. Karen then put her wet panties in her handbag, pulled up her jeans and left the the bathroom. Chris and his friends wanted to move on and go to another bar, but Karen still felt deeply embarassed as well as insecure in her slightly wet jeans without any panties. The jetlag now also kicked in and she therefore asked her son David to rather go home...

