Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - Uncut Story; Maron Pees in the Ocean

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-10-10 01:26

After the Break-Up between Krillin & Maron, Maron was having a good time of her own at the beach alone but something was on her mind..... [by the way Maron is in her Yellow Bikini]

Maron: I wonder if Krillin made the right choice letting me go... he was really cute & so good to me

(Maron looks into the sky lying down on her Beach Towel and sees a Krillin Shaped Head Cloud)

Maron: Hmm I hopefully I will see him again... Huh? *Maron stands up*

Maron: Seems like I need to go take a tinkle *looks around*

Maron: Oh there's a Porta-Potty. *Knocks on Door* Excuse me is someone in there!?

Woman in Porta-Potty: Yes, someone is in here!

Maron: Are you almost finished!?

Woman in Porta-Potty: No, I just got here!

Maron: Ugh! I must find somewhere else to go *looks around again*

Maron: Hmm? *Looks at Ocean* It may be improper but what the heck!

(Maron runs towards the Ocean)

Maron: I hope no one notices I'll just go a little low to the water & squat

(Maron walks into the water & squats)

Maron: Oh my it feels cold to my bottom *giggles* I just hope no one notices

Maron: *Start's peeing* Aw yes that feels so nice & warm hmm....

Maron: *Continues peeing* Oh my this sensation feels really nice

Little Girl: *Laughs & Splashing* Huh? Hey lady are you going wee-wee?

Maron: *still peeing* Huh? Oh My! *Freaks out & Stands up* I am so embarrassed!

Maron: *Still peeing* ah crap I didn't stop peeing when I got up! *tries to cover her groin area with her hands but gets urine on them*

Little Girl: Mommy! Mommy! This lady is making a wee-wee!

Little Girl's Mom: Sweetie it's not nice to yell & point at someone. I'm so sorry miss.

Maron: *Stops peeing* Oh no I got pee on my hands & legs *cries* well it's a good thing Krillin wasn't around to see this...

Maron: Time to go back home & get myself cleaned up.

