Snow Drift [Genshin Impact Omorashi Story]

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-07-29 07:00

Frost webbed over the sweaty skin of his hand, dancing down his wrist and up his arm, to freeze the liquid to him. Culminating in shards of ice, falling from around his head onto the blankets, and pillows in their shared room. The little swords melted into the pillow nearly as soon as they had fallen, though more followed them.

“N...No...please…” His voice cracked, from the stress weighing on it, unable to bear the pressure. His fingers worked their way into twisting the sheets, gripping something for dear life, anything, that might keep him safe from the images dancing in his head. The headless monster, XinQiu’s...body.

His leg pulled up, thigh nearly pressing to his belly as he whimpered, head pushing back to where his scalp touched the headboard. Hair like that of a snow drift, pressing against oak stained wood.

“X-Xing....” Though this sentence, this too-quiet cry for help never reached completion. With that, white eyelashes parted, ice blue eyes staring at the ceiling for hardly more than a heartbeat.

His body was up faster than he could comprehend, the frost that covered his body only expanding, his comforter soon frozen in their once comforting waves of fabric.

“XingQiu?” Instead of the words that were supposed to come out, it was a bare squeak, more likely a whimper than anything resembling speech. Chongyun’s breathing was erratic, his eyes darting in the darkness of the room to find the prone figure of his friend...Hadn’t he promised they’d sleep in the same room?

He needed to find him, needed someone near him- No...no, he needed to be sure his friend from a high family wasn’t hurt...It wasn’t for his own comfort. Yet despite this proclamation deep inside of him, he knew it was a falsity. Chongyun wanted to be sure he wasn’t alone.

To be honest Chongyun wasn’t really sure how he got XingQiu to agree to coming out here with him. Maybe he hadn’t? He wasn’t sure of any of the thoughts rattling around his head, except for one...Find him….be near him...be by someone who made him feel...safe.

Chongyun’s feet touched the floor, eyes widening at the spider webbing of frost that burst forth from his bare feet. It spread faster than he was used to it doing, even crawling up the door before he even stood up. Shaking, his hand was brought to his mouth, fingers digging into the flesh of his cheek, nails nearly cutting his own flesh.

Why was he such a danger to himself and others...He needed something cold, something to cool down the spirit he had, before he wound up hurting someone. Stepping lightly on the wood, frost only continued to layer itself on the floor, quickly melting, only to be brought right back.

Getting to the door felt like a mistake, he was making a mistake, what if he’d freeze a guest? What if he freezed XingQiu?! Yet he couldn’t make himself stop, his body only craved comfort, and he wanted it from one source.

His palms pressed to the paper of the door in the dim light, not even the windows were open, only a small sliver cracked in the window’s coverings allowed him to see the room even slightly.

Right away the paper dusted itself in his frosty breath, making his shoulder tense, his fingers shaking too much for him to bear reaching for the door’s handle.

With a push he was outside of the room, in the hallway, candlelight from the end of the hall falling over his body, his eyes flicking to it, as if somehow it was a source of danger.

“XingQiu?” Again, his voice wouldn’t work, it was like the nightmare had stolen his ability to speak, like it had stolen his voice. He wanted to call out for him so badly, but instead, he’d have to find him, himself.

Hair fell in his face, not in it’s usual array, more messy, like his body was displaying his discomfort…

Then he noticed his breath, in the darkness he hadn’t seen it but now? In front of his face, between his near-frozen fingers, in the warm summer-like weather of Liyue...His breath was fogging.

That hand on his face only grew tighter, his vision blurring as he realized just in what state he was in. Near full on fight-or-flight, yet here he was shuffling down the hallway like a little kid to their daddy. How stupid was he? XingQiu couldn’t see him like this!

The exorcist forced his hands from his face, only to wince in shame at the mix of fogged breath, shaking hands...and finally, the cherry on top of the cake for the poor boy. A tear, then another, then another fell down his face, his shoulders finally releasing from the tension, to shake as he stood there. Blue eyes locked onto the room he hoped XingQiu was in, without the courage to go any further.

It felt like near hours he was standing there, when in reality hardly any moments passed. The sound of crip bell-like laughter from that room, that common room patrons were allowed to lounge while they rested.

XingQiu’s laugh made his shaking ease for just a moment, his eyes went wider and he took a step forward without even sending the command to his body.

“Xin-” His hand slapped over his mouth, what was he doing!? What was he doing!? His friend...he couldn’t see him like this! What if that laugh was turned on...on Chongyun? Over a stupid dream that even a kid wouldn’t be having in this situation.

Yet, his body took another step, and another, and he couldn’t help himself. His gait was slow, hesitant, dripping with the fear he couldn’t voice even if he tried.

The closer he got to the doorway the harder it was for the reasonable side of his brain to listen to him. Instead he saw the shape of his friend, legs tucked underneath him, flipping the pages to the book they had bought for him on the way here.

The fact he didn’t want to wake Chongyun, he was too excited not to read him, brought a small watery smile to the exorcist’s face. A tiny, beading hope of calm pierced his chest. XingQiu was safe, he always had been that way.

What Chongyun didn’t expect was those honey-amber eyes flicking from ink on a page right to Chongyun, unseen by his author friend, the door he had peaked open, his palm resting on...Spiderwebbed with frost, small clinks of little ice pieces hitting the hardwood floors.

“Chongyun?” That voice of his was clear, yet soft, and it wasn’t answered. Chongyun took a step back, not wanting to enter the room’s candle light. He didn’t want Xingqiu to see him like this.

“Chongyun...I know that it is you, what happened?” That comforting voice went from soft pleasant surprise, to worry...The drop in Chongyun’s stomach from worrying him, showing this sign of weakness, made him want to run off into the night, never to be seen again.

“N-Na...I...” A mistake, his voice wasn’t ready to say anything, much less cover up his distress with a jovial response. His companion stood, a hand on the table in front of him, brows knit, looking right at his shape in the doorway. Xingqiu couldn’t help but be reminded of...a scared child, a toddler...too afraid to wake their father up.

“Have you been….crying, Chongyun?” Just that simple question made him feel as if a spotlight from a Liyue puppet theatre was on him, shining in his eyes...giving him no escape.

What little comfort he had managed to glean from just being sure his friend was still there, melted faster than his frost. His clenched fist pressed to his chest, his hand clapped back over his face. Without instruction his feet lead him back, frost spider webbing so far as to even climb into the room XingQiu had been sitting in, glinting, then melting in the candlelight.

He couldn’t do this! He couldn’t handle it, the worry in his friend’s face, the spotlight that wasn’t truly there...Chongyun wished he had just had the balls to roll over and go back to sleep, not bother someone who had been enjoying the night…

“Chongyun...is that a yes? What happened?” Dark blue hair was tucked behind a pale ear as he came closer, the frost that had melted, the droplets on the floor seemed to flow towards him, getting rid of it, like it had never happened.

Chongyun couldn’t take it, another step back, that was answered with fingers reaching out to touch his wrist, so close to his face. Frost covered the other boy’s skin, in only a matter of seconds, Chongyun’s eyes widening as he tried to jerk away. He didn’t want to hurt him!

But, that hand only followed, wrapping around Chongyun’s hand, gently taking it from his face, the frost on XingQiu’s arm cracked, and fell to the floor, melting again.

“No...no you don’t need to run away...you can’t talk right now, that’s okay. We’ll just take a little sit down, won’t you join me?” Xingqiu didn’t even glance at the frost, though Chongyun sure did. Worried it would give him frostbite, worry clenching his stomach, a knot in his chest that felt ungodly warm compared to the rest of him.

The exorcist watched as his friend turned, to gently bring him into the room, and yet, Chongyun didn’t move, didn’t come into the light, instead XingQiu’s arm jerked as their contact broke, Chongyun bringing his hand back to his chest.

He felt so ungodly warm in his chest, like he couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think, everything was too much for him right now. The details overwhelmed him, the sound of the wind outside, the light from the candle, he wanted to curl up into a ball and cry. But he couldn’t do that in front of Xingqiu, and couldn't risk freezing the Inn.

“I-I...I...I’m s...sorry.” His voice, so broken, hoarse, barely audible, nearly couldn’t be recognized by the owner it came from. Blue eyes met amber ones, and with one movement XingQiu’s hand came back onto his face, brushing frost away from underneath Chongyun’s eyes, those frozen tears clinking to the floor.

“What….on earth are you apologizing for, silly?” The slight amusement in his voice, his gentle hands, brushing up into his blue hair to scritch down the back of his head.

The comfort it sent through him was so needed, it nearly brought those tears right back, his eyes staying right on his friends, until he realized...Realized XingQiu was seeing him so...vulnerable.

“Don’t….please XingQiu you can’t s-see me...can’t see me like this.” In response to that, Xingqiu’s hand moved down his shoulder, to gently take his hand, squeezing it, as he also took his other.

“Leaving you alone Chongyun? I’m surprised you even suggested that, come, sit with me.” XingQiu’s hands gently edged him forward, out of the doorway he was hiding in, into the candlelight.

When the icey boy was illuminated, he could tell immediately that XingQiu hadn’t been able to get a good look at him until right now, at that very moment.

“Your eyes are red...you’re...god Chongyun you’re shaking!” XingQiu didn’t want to risk the poor exorcist’s chances, standing on those shaking knees of his. Pulling him to the pile of pillows that XingQiu had been using as a chair.

“N-No...not...m’not.” Squeezing his eyes shut for just a second, he felt dizzy, eyes dotting, and he couldn’t tell if he was about to faint, or if he simply needed to breathe more than a rapid shallow breath.

When his body couldn’t hold out any longer, he took a deep breath, his exhale fogging the glass XingQiu had been using, as he sat down, hands still in XingQiu’s.

“Yes...you are, like a leaf or...some kind of kicked puppy. What happened to you? What aren’t you telling me?” It was exactly the kind of question Chongyun had been fearing, closing his eyes and looking away, he simply shook his head, unable to stand the way his own voice betrayed how anxious he was, nervous, all from a stupid dream.

“Chongyun...” The motivation behind using his name was clear, and Chongyun answered, turning back towards his friend, hating the way his eyes were so concerned...Chongyun was the one who ruined his night.

“Tell me what-” Wind picked up, making the old Inn creak, both boys thinking nothing of it, until that is, when the window covering outside slammed into the building’s outside wall, with a sound Chongyun would swear, was the loudest thing he ever heard in his life, later on at least.

The little noise that left Chongyun was quickly cut, a reaction that XingQiu never expected from the boy that controlled his emotions, to near soldier-like levels.

“Damn! It’s alright...it’s...alright...” XingQiu’s eyes had been dragged up to look at the wall as the sound spooked them both, but looked down at Chongyun, seeing his hand on his sleeve, squeezing it like it was a lifeline.

“Did it scare you that badly, Chongyun?” XingQiu couldn’t help himself, the way Chongyun was acting, the way he clung to him, the jumpiness, his arms moved around the other boy.

XingQiu’s neck was a haven for Chongyun, it was warm, smelled of a warm summer's rain, and comforted him beyond almost anything.

Almost...anything.

Chongyun didn’t speak as he was pressed close, eyes wide over XingQiu’s shoulder, burning holes into the back wall with his stare, as he shoved his knees together, shaking slightly, when the shakes were so close to having stopped just moments ago.

That warm knot in his chest he had felt ever since the hallway was screaming it’s presence now, though it was lower, much lower than anything he had wanted. That spook, that scare had tensed every single muscle in his body, forcing that pressure down, too hard, too suddenly

Chongyun’s eyes began to dampen, his fingers gently squeezing the cloth on XingQiu’s back, as he felt what he already knew to be true.

A small spot of dampness was spreading between his thighs, from his left leg. It was warm, too warm to be anything else, he could see it clearly in his mind's eye, praying to god it wasn’t soaking through more fabric.

His underclothes were white, like all his clothes were, yet he could only imagine the yellow spreading over the cloth that cupped him, that made sure there was no chaffing on his legs from hours of walking. Leaking in small rivulets down his leg, yellow against the stark witness of it.

He wanted to check, just to make sure XingQiu wouldn’t see his shame, but he didn’t dare too, not when he could out himself.

“It’s alright, in a moment, I’ll go latch the window for you, and we can figure out a way to put you back in bed, won’t we now?” XingQiu’s voice made him tense, putting an additional questioning tilt to the end of his sentence that hadn’t meant to be there.

“Chongyun? Do you not want me to let go?” The poor exorcist nearly let out a nervous hiccup of laughter, that would have all too quickly turned into a sob of dejection.

“You...c-can’t, can’t...” His words refused to do their job, ignoring his commands, and he could feel XingQiu shift against him, worry in every movement of his companions.

“Can’t?” A hand, so much warmer than Chongyun’s own flesh, moved up his arm, to coast down his spine, nails scritching his flesh, in a way that made Chongyun nearly...forget about what he was so tense for, until he shifted his own weight in response.

Feeling that near frozen liquid against his own body, that shame, what he had done. There was no excuse for it, he was a horrible exorcist, peeing himself even a little at the thought of a malevolent spirit. Pressing his knees, thighs, closer together he shook his head, trying to force his words into the sentence he needed.

“Can’t see me...m-me, like, this...p-pitiful.” To his words, the hand stopped at the small of his back, scritching at the base of his spine and chuckling lightly.

“It’s not pitiful...to have a nightmare. Nothing else would scare you this much...What was it about?” Chongyun, who had squeezed his eyes shut in shame against his companion’s neck, lurched back, eyes wide, making eye contact with XingQiu for only a split second.

“N-No! I...I didn’t!” His voice cracked so badly in fear, that he wanted to never speak again, shuffling back on the floor, keeping his legs clamped, watching XingQiu’s eyes, terrified they’d flick downwards. Seeing some sort of proof that he was barely his age, barely an exorcist.

“The headless corpse, walking around drenching blood, and stealing the heads of the people they kill. It’s a story, but...” The book keeper trailed off, tilting his head as Chongyun tensed, lip wobbling, knees shaking together. The Exorcist, was fighting for his life to keep his emotions under control, but his yang spirit ignored those attempts...His body was giving out on him, he could feel the smallest spurt of shame, slowly leak down his briefs, to his backside, and he knew if it touched his clothes even once...it was game over, XingQiu would notice his shame.

“It..didn’t...d-didn’t...” Chongyun’s sentence being finished was a pipe dream while he was in this state, barely having enough mental strength to hold back his bladder from giving out on him.

Those amber eyes weren’t paying attention to his lips, white eyelashes instead were XingQiu’s focus. Frosted with tears, a face marked with tear streaks. His cheeks were flushed, though hardly noticeable, his body wouldn’t allow him more than that.

Eyes flicking down, he noticed the way Chongyun tensed, immediately trying to pull back more, but XingQiu followed, scooting forward on the floor as Chongyun tried to retreat.

Chongyun’s knees were shaking, but together, forced that way, as if he was terrified of anything showing. His loincloth clamped tightly between his legs, hands shaking if they weren’t balled into fists, shoved into the floor.

“Chongyun...” The poor boy nearly burst into body-wracking sobs, tears sliding down his face, as he waited for it, waiting for what he feared. ‘You’re not strong enough to be an exorcist’, ‘You peed on yourself!? What are you doing, being your age and doing that?!’ He couldn’t help but interrupt.

“Pleasedon’t” Chongyun closed his eyes his voice barely audible, not able to face what he know would be a face of disappointment, he couldn’t take it, not today, not ever...not from XingQiu.

“If this...exorcism...if the story is too scary for you, please, don’t hide it from me. It gave you nightmares tonight, didn’t it?” Chongyun only heard the shifting of movement, though he refused to look at his companion.

Then...the feeling of warm flesh again, instead of being shoved away, he was being...held...again? His eyes flew open, seeing the navy strands of hair in his face, feeling the arm around his hips, terrified of XingQiu pressing closer, parting his legs with his knee.

“I-I...n-no...” He couldn’t bring himself to admit it, even if it might get him off the hook and a chance to clean himself up, if his bladder was done soaking his briefs.

“Shhh, no need to lie, I know you Chongyun...I know you.” XingQiu squeezed him tighter, the two lapsing into a silence, XingQiu’s hand, rubbing those soft circles up and down his back, holding him, for as long as he needed it.

Minutes passed, the distant sounds of rain slowly creeping closer, as finally, Chongyun nodded, opting not to speak as he let his companion take care of him.

“What a worried little snowdrift, I’ve got you...” Slowly, the book keeper began to peel away, wanting to help Chongyun back into bed, with him in the room of course.

Then the bad luck for the ice powered boy only got even worse. The window blew out the candle on the table that had already burned far too low with Chongyun’s interruption. Then the room lit up, throwing odd shadows across his friend’s face, the room, and his eyes grew in horror.

The thunderclap was the worst part, shaking the inn nearly, or maybe it was his heightened fear response. It made him want to shove his hands over his ears, pping a yelp from him. XingQiu’s automatic response pushed him closer, but Chongyun was faster, knowing what his body had just done to him.

Two hands met XingQiu’s chest, and without thinking it through, Chongyun shoved him away, that knot of heat was pushing down on his lower half, in a way that nearly hurt...until it didn’t

“Sorry! I-I….it...I’msorry...”Chongyun tried to stumble to his feet before he could disgrace himself, a hand on the wall behind him frosting over the entire west side of the room. Dropping the temperature within the area by at least fifteen degrees. Though it wasn’t simply frost, spikes of ice that looked like miniature swords poked out from the wall, clattering to the floor, and beginning to melt. But even just a movement as simple as getting up, doomed him, though even sitting his bladder was too hyperactive that night, to hold it.

“L-Look!! Lookaway! Please...lookaway!” The desperation in his voice was evident, slamming his own hand into his chest, that he wasn’t using to support himself. Chongyun turned to leave, but couldn’t move, his body was all locked up, flakes of frozen ice and snow falling from his arms, his face. This was the real nightmare, wasn’t it? XingQiu seeing him being such a fucking wuss?

Then that warm knot in his lower stomach, pounding on his bladder, making his knees shake, got it’s way, his body too shaky, too unstable to fight back for too long.

He doubled over with a whimper, and a muffled cry, his body desperately trying to find a way to make him feel better. His anxious spirit having too much of a hold on him for any sort of home remedy to work under all this stress. The hand on his chest, shoved itself between his legs, not caring if it was obvious anymore so long as it didn’t actually happen more than it already had.

“Chongyun?! Chongyun!? What the hell is going on?!” Doubling over didn’t help, and it didn’t matter that he was wearing his loincloth, his own stupid hand moved it out of the way! XingQiu had relit the candle’s twin, and could see....everything. The shame was engulfing, ice spreading from his feet, slowly, much thicker than any frost from his hands.

“Don’t look! D-Don- Nghh!” His knees pressed together, his ass resting on the wall behind him as he trembled, feet apart, he looked like a toddler who couldn’t make it to the damn bathroom. Between his fingertips, beads of liquid were forming, dripping to the icey floor in little plinks, as the warm knot in his abdomen slowly began to get somehow worse. Screaming for him to fully let go as he relieved even just a hair of the pressure.

“N-Nopleasepleasestop...please.” His soft toned beg, cracking with his sobs wasn’t enough to get his body to listen to him, it needed relief from the constant bursts of fear, and it would get it, at the cost of his emotions, and pride.

The drips between his fingers only got worse, turning into the shyest streams that broke the silence between them with the hiss that they made. He couldn’t force himself to stop, his thighs painfully cutting into the edges of his hand, but it wasn’t enough to stop the pee from gushing from his palm. Slowly starting to soak his inner thighs, in a shameful waterfall, that couldn’t be ignored.

Instead of the white the cloth had been just a moment before, yellow soaked down his only set of clothes he had brung on the one day trip. He didn’t want to have to walk around in this! He wished he’d die, right then and there, freeze and never have to face what would happen next, his plea only attesting to that.

“X-XingQiu please...don’tlookatme.” He couldn’t even open his eyes to check, if his friend was even still in the room. Desperate sobs broke free from him, the only lifeline keeping him from falling in his own puddle was the wall behind him, now slab of ice behind him, cuffing his arm in his own creation to give the poor boy stability.

What little help his hand was between his thighs, was soon undercut. Between his fingers, the stream steadily grew, until it’s hiss was undeniable, even over the sound of the rain outside. His bladder tingled with pain in his lower belly, until finally, the streams stopped, drips of his shame falling from his fingers, and in the silence, he didn’t hear anything. He didn’t want to move, taking a step sounded like a task for a god.

“I’msorry, I’m so sorry, pleasedon’thateme.” Moments passed and he still heard nothing, and he found himself quietly sobbing under his breath, tears leaking down his cheeks to find the puddle between his legs. He had just lost his best friend, to his own stupid bodys failings.

“Chongyun oh my god...Oh god...” It was his voice, but what he said only made the sobs worse, he was blind to the world, refusing to open his eyes, and soaked, an embarrassment to his family.

“Please, I’msorry, I couldn’t...I tried.” Chongyun’s voice was so broken, so butchered by his own cries that he could hardly speak, trying somehow to make the words make up for what he had just done to himself.

Hearing the steps in front of him, he backed up into the wall, the ice breaking to allow him to, a shadow falling over him, all Chongyun could do was shake his head, too upset for words, or thinking. His eyes remained shut, only a soft whimper leaving in in place of words.

“I’m so sorry...Nono, it was me, I shouldn’t have upset you so, or left someone like you all alone, I didn’t take proper care of my partner, when I know he needs me.” Chongyun only sobbed in response, and XingQiu felt quilt scratching at the inside of his ribs, tearing him apart as he reached out, not caring about the puddle, instead, only cradling the face of his friend.

“You must have been so scared from that dream...is that why you came to me?”Chongyun felt horrified, if only he had stayed in his room, if he had just rolled over and gone to sleep, instead of...being this inconvenience that he was!

“N-No...wasn’t...” In response, he could almost...feel XingQiu’s smile, and that threw him, so much so that he cracked open his eyes, a defiant sniffle he couldn’t muffle being the only sound between them, as he realized...XingQiu was rubbing his cheeks with his thumb, smiling at him, like he was his whole world.

“Shhh, you were...it’s okay, it’s okay love that’s why I’m here now...Spooky things should be left for someone else for right now.” XingQiu’s hands were warm, so much warmer than his skin, that it felt like an ice cube at best. Those hands always seemed to know what they wanted, and soon, Chongyun’s chest was bumped into his friend’s.

“N-No! My...clothes...they’re wet...you’ll...you...you’ll get wet.” A soft chuckle, in that gentle tone was all he got in response, the hand that pulled him close traveling to the back of his head, pressing his teary face into the warm cradle of his friend’s neck.

“I...I’m...” Chongyun wanted to cry again, to say he’s sorry until it was wiped from XingQiu’s memory, but he couldn’t, so instead, his face found the warm comforting smell of summer rain in his friend’s neck, shuddering as he fought off sobs. Sobs that seemed less and less all consuming the more XingQiu rubbed his back, held him close, stroked his hair.

“Let’s get you cleaned up...and I’ll read to you, something much calmer...Instead of a trip to the mountains, why don’t I treat you to something sweet at the teashop?” Chongyun genty nodded into his friend’s flesh, as XingQiu held him as long as he needed.

