Ikeda desperation (Girls Und Panzer)

Author: GupFan

*000*2021-01-01 19:50

First of all, I want to warn you that I decided to try to write a story about a futanari girl. This warning is necessary in case you don't like futanari for whatever reason. If you like this, then don't forget to rate and if you want, comment story

It is worth admitting that Ikeda had a curious and extremely rare genetic phenomenon from birth. She was born with male genitalia. This shocked her parents a little, and also caused much bewilderment among doctors. Anyway, soon the girl grew up and when the question arose of what high school to go to, it was still decided to go to a girl's school. Although it should be said that this decision was very difficult.

Ikeda enrolled at the Chi Ha Tan Academy and joined the tank girls' club. To her surprise, she was welcomed with open arms. But her presence in the locker room was always met with skepticism. Still, in those moments she sometimes got excited, especially looking at Hamada's lush breasts. At that moment, her dick was expectedly getting bigger and harder. At times like this, she preferred to look away. Well, always trying think about anything but sex.

Soon she had the chance to see the desperation of the girls. They were standing in a long line because they needed to use the bathroom. Then she began to feel for the first time the excitement of the stranger desperation. She loved watching Teramoto's hands literally digging into a girl's crotch. Or how Nagura danced desperately in one place while droplets of urine slowly flowed down her legs. She urgently had to get away because her boner could have already been seen by the others.

She became fond of omorashi. Or rather, she began to like this direction of hentai. She especially liked reading stories about people like her, but she didn't know if she should try it. No, she definitely wanted to try and push herself to the limit.

And then the perfect situation arose. Ikeda went home after she and Teramoto watching a movie. They parted on one of the streets and went their separate ways. Ikeda looked at the moon smiling at her and decided to hurry home.

But in that moment she forgot her wish. It had disappeared from her mind while she was watching the movie, so she took the increasing need seriously. Now all that glass of Pepsi Cola was getting ready to join the urine she'd been holding since lunch. The thought of that liter of Cola filling her bladder, went inside her brain.

The girl tried to walk to home quickly, but still, at a certain point, she stopped and looked back. For a moment she thought she may might go into an alley. And there she may to stand quietly against the wall, take her penis out of her panties and let the urine out.

Just the thought of having such an easy path to relief made the girl feel much more desperate than she thought. She did something she thought she would never have to do. Ikeda didn't take her cock with her hand to give herself pleasure. She grabbed it so she wouldn't wet herself. This fact made her cringe and, as she thought, even let a few drops of urine come out.

"No please! Ikeda hold it, you can do it!" - The girl begged to herself, desperately clutching the very tip of her cock. When the urge receded, the girl continued walking. Now she had her hands between her legs. She herself could feel the pressure growing with each step.

And then, fifteen minutes walking away from home, she felt the pressure spreading to her cock. A few drops came out and the girl squeezed her penis. Tears showed in Ikeda eyes. What the girl was doing, as she recalled, strongly resembled a Nagura toilet dance. Also a lot of ridiculous gestures and drops of yellow liquid.

The girl tried to pull herself together and continue on her way. She understood that she was about to accomplish a feat if she can make it in home.

After five minutes of walking, which was more like ridiculously slow steps, Ikeda felt that her body could no longer hold urine. A short trickle of urine came out of her cock despite her best efforts to stop. Soon the stream stopped. But it frightened the poor girl. It seemed to her that this strange hissing sound meant the end. Her heavy yet rapid breathing was interrupted only by the girl's attempts to squeeze her cock a little harder. The slight hissing sound sounded again after a few steps and it took Ikeda all his strength to keep the urine from continuing to flow out.

Then the girl looked around. It was already very dark, and she made up her mind. Ikeda pulled up her skirt and gripped her cock tightly with her hands through her panties. It was so wet and uncomfortable. But it didn't help. After a few moments, the hissing sound continued. The flow became extremely strong very quickly. Not a few moments later, a large puddle appeared beneath the girl. Ikeda wiped away her tears with her hand and ran home.

When she returned, she went to take a shower. The next day, when she wake up, to her surprise, she turned into an ordinary girl. Had the unusual organ been given to her just to taste the omorashi?

This is Ikeda.

$$

