Brittany's Wet at The Mall

Author: Guest supersquirmy75

*000*2017-08-13 19:33

Brittany couldn't hold it for another second. She has been driving for an hour now. As she frantically tried to drive down the highway she could not find a rest stop for the life of her. She was just at her boyfriends house. She spent the entire afternoon drinking lemonade by the pool in her swimsuit. She knows she should have peed before she left his house, but she was just too toilet shy to tell her new boyfriend she had too pee so bad! She even thought about peeing in the pool but she was entirely too scared she would get caught.

Now as she was driving down the highway she had one hand jammed in between her legs to keep her self from bursting. She was not a good driver but now she was scared to be driving with one hand. "Ughhhhhh I have to pee so bad! I dont know if I can make it!" She screamed out loud to herself as if it would help her situation. She has always been incredibly toilet shy and often found herself in this kind of situation. As she had her hand in her groin the warmth between her legs leaking past her panties felt all too familiar. She was accustomed to this kind of embarrassment. It was just last week she had a near accident while she was taking a test at the university she attends. 

"How do I always do this?! I'm going to have another accident I'm a 21 year old child!" She rushed past every exit ramp looking for a rest stop she could use a public bathroom at. Unfortunately there was no stops! "Fuck Fuck Fuck!" she said as a huge leak pushed through her panties and dripped down the back of her skirt. She could now feel the warm piss roll to the back of her seat and puddle around her ass. She knew now when she stood up anyone from behind could see was having an accident. Finally too her relief she came across the exit ramp for the local shopping mall. Brittany knew this wasn't ideal but hopefully she could find the bathroom in time.

As she pulled up and parked her car she strongly considered pulling down her skirt and peeing right there in the parking lot. She stood there trembling in her warm and wet skirt contemplating her options. At this point she could no longer stand still or stop moaning under her breath. "Fuck it just do it" she said. In the same moment she went to pull down her skirt two attractive men her age walked right by and she let out a small yelp and pulled her skirt right back up! She rushed past them wiggling into the mall as if nothing happened and looked back at them. The second she did pull her skirt down she let out a giant spurt and she could now feel her warm pee drip down her legs. By the time she walked into the mall she could feel the warmth in her shoes as it puddled up in her socks and vans shoes.

She ran right into the middle of the mall where she saw a mall cop she was hoping could help her. She could barely get the words out between her heavy breathing and moans "Do you ummmmm ughhh hmmm know hmmmm where the bathroom ughhhhhh is?! I have to go really bad"

"Oh yes ma'am, its right next to the door you just walked in on." As she looked back the way she came in she could see she has left a trail of bright yellow pee on the white tiles she walked right in on.

Seeing her own pee on the floor was too much. She knew she was about to lose the battle. She bent over because she knew what was coming. She has felt it before way to often and she knew that she lost the battle. Her white thong wasn't going to ofter her any protection as her pee splattered on the floor for everyone to hear it. As she stood mortified in the middle of the mall families and people watched. To minimize the splash factor on the floor she bent down at the knees to make less of a seen. She started crying out loud, much louder than she would like but she could no longer control her body.

She felt tear roll down her face in utter embarrassment as the warmness down her legs spread all over the floor. She couldn't stop her stream. She awkwardly crouched on the floor for what felt like eternity. She thought it must have been the longest stream of her life. It went on for over two minutes as she continued to cry. She felt like a child it was the second time this month she peed in her pants. Brittany finished her incident apologized to the mall cop who awkwardly tried to avoid the situation and ran out of the car mortified.

When she got back to her car her seat already smelled like urine and she knew her boyfriend would find out about her incident the next time he got in her car.

