Rose: An Inconvenient Callback

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2018-05-30 03:11

This story was just a bit of fun to do today, to see how good I could write a story like it was a real experience. I got caught short while running errands today which I figured some people might enjoy. The problem was that the story was not overly exciting to be an experience so I decided to take some influences, both from and away from, Omo.org and make this a proper story. I just needed a cute heroine and a satisfying ending and my writing prompt for today was complete. So do enjoy.

___

So this should be a fun story, I never thought I'd see the day where I get caught up in my own little mishap. I've always enjoyed pushing myself, though it's only recently I've ever taken an interest in something like a hold. I didn't have much success when I wanted to, but then when I was caught short unintentionally I took the chance to slyly enjoy my fetish without anybody being any the wiser. When I couldn't hold it any longer, all I had to do was use the magic words and I was free to piss and be free of the burden of my bladder. Anyway, Hiya, I'm Rose and this is the story of how my dog, a kind lady, and 3 cups of coffee got me into a pretty wet situation.

But first, before we start, what's a good story without the beautiful heroine, right? Sadly, I'm not a super model, I'm quite plain actually; my chest isn't exactly eye-catching and I have no plump round arse that fits all shapely and snugly into a pair of jeans. My flat pale arse fits well enough into a pair of sweats, thin grey ones to be precise. I'm pretty average, weight-wise, maybe a little under but that's because I hardly eat. I've got long messy brown hair that's all over the place, the only way I ever "pretty" up my hair is by tying it into a slightly less messy bun, which I had this morning.

My eyes are blue, and I've been told I have quite the miserable mug, which I take as a compliment. I'm fairly pale since summer is literally two days in England. That... and I also spend most of my time at my PC. I’m from Northeast England, yet strangely my accent is oddly neutral between the two cities of Sunderland and Newcastle, which believe me puts a lot of people off about my accent. You already know, but I'll say it again, my name's Rose, and I can only imagine the first thing you're thinking is that such a beautiful name is not fitting for such a... plain description.

On with the story! I was woken up at roughly 8:30am by a loud honking outside. I passed out on my sofa after falling asleep only 4 hours earlier so I woke up in a slightly foul mood. You know how it is when you've had so little sleep yet you've got stuff to do, places to be. I was wearing a white tank top and a white pair of knickers, pretty bog standard for snoozing on the sofa in summer. I groaned and sat my lazy arse up on the sofa, brushing back my hair with my hand like that was an acceptable way to tidy myself up.

My hair never stays neat for long anyway. In my half-asleep state, I’d nearly forgotten I’d offered to take my mam’s dog for an appointment at the groomers. Funnily enough, the little flea bag was sleeping by my feet, a black and white shih-tzu with the face of a grumpy old cunt who's sick of those kids kicking a ball on the village green. 9am was the time he was due in for his cut, and in an effort to avoid a long arse walk to the town over, I’d called my friend, Beth, the night before and she, like the fucking sweetheart she is, had offered to take me.

I’ll spare the usual details of my morning; I doubt it’s any different from most. I get up, take a quick morning wee, the urgency of which depends on whether I have some tea before bed, brush my teeth, you know the usual shite. I’m not proud to admit that I just brushed the hair from the shirt I’d slept in, put on the first pair of sweatpants I found and slapped on my trainers. To be fair I hadn’t expected to be sticking around town for long, I wanted to drop the dog off and be home where I could laze in my knickers until he was ready. All the while I'm getting ready, Beth is outside honking her horn like a man possessed. I threw on my N7 jacket, got the dog all harnessed up and ran outside to where my friend Beth's car was waiting.

“Took your fucking time, didn’t you?” Beth grinned. Already she had shitty rock radio blasting. “Hello, Pep.” She was a lot kinder greeting the dog than she was me, baby-voice and everything. Beth had a geeky look to her, thin glasses, short dyed hair with pink streaks and a shoulder bag that she loved to wear even while driving.

“Fuck off, I didn’t get to sleep until 4.” Was my response, naturally, as I seated my arse in the front seat with my dog on my lap. This was how we greeted each other. Fuck, this was how most people I knew greeted each other. In the Northeast of England, belittlement was our friendliness, all wrapped up under the popular title 'banter'.

It was a grey morning, pretty miserable actually. It looked like it was going to rain, large grey clouds looming overhead, a bit of wind and just dull skies. It was awfully deceiving as our bastard weather often was though. Even with the windows down, I had a sweat-on, I felt hot and my knickers were halfway up my arse clung on by sweat already. We drove for five minutes into the neighbouring town, pulled up in a car park behind the high street, walked past the stores, most of which still had their shutters up, and headed for the groomers, leaving my shih-tzu in the hands of a kind elderly lady.

So with the dog dropped off to get his filthy coat dealt with, we decided that since it was so early we'd go for breakfast. It was about 9am when the dog was dropped off and a few places around the town were beginning to open up. We headed to a pub behind the high street, a really popular place that, thankfully, did a pretty cheap breakfast with an even better part: Free refills on coffee. We headed into the old pub, which was empty except for one or two old men sitting and reading the paper. And yes, although it wasn't even 9am, they had a pint. Of course they had a pint.

We settled into our booth, ordered our breakfasts, which were quite obviously a full english, and letting out a weary yawn I went to take advantage of those free refills. I knew the dogs appointment was at 9am, yet I decided that going to bed, or to word it better, collapsing in my pants on the sofa downstairs, at 4am was a far better way to prepare myself for an early morning appointment than just going to bed at a reasonable hour. Two sugars and milk, that was how I took my 3 coffees as I was desperate to try and perk myself up for a long day.

We sat, ate, discussed a few things about Beth’s work, all the while I’m downing these large cups of coffee like they were my literal life essence. It becomes like a routine; Talk, eat, drink coffee, nod head, repeat. Before I knew it one cup became two and two became three. These weren’t baby cups either, they were fucking big, I must’ve had a good liter of coffee in me before we set off. “You ready to go then?” I asked as I gulped down the last of my third cup.

“Hang on a tick, I need to go the loo, first.” Beth propped her bag over her shoulders and nipped off to the toilets on the second floor.

I just hung around casually, waiting for those 3 cups of coffee to jumpstart my brain and give me some form of boost. I yawned, and then yawned again, my eyes feeling a lot heavier the second time. I was certainly beginning to feel it somewhere though, and it wasn't in my head. I can't boast that I have a big bladder, a few drinks, especially of cider, and I'm just about ready to burst. It's not too bad yet though, but you know when you begin to feel it and you know you're going to be really feeling it sooner than you think, that's how I was feeling. I even debated going to the loo myself before we left, but Beth came back and as she nudged me toward her car, I knew that ship had sailed.

I definitely was feeling it sooner than I expected, some weight in my bladder that was letting me know I was gonna have to go for a slash real soon. Not that it mattered since we were on our way home for the morning. I just had to wait until I got home... or so I thought. From my jacket pocket I felt the buzz of my phone calling for my attention. Was it my mam, wondering if the dog got there alright? Was it my brother? Anybody I knew? Nope. Unknown number.

I was reluctant to answer, I was never keen on unknown numbers. However, Beth convinced me that it might have been the groomers and slightly concerned, I agreed. I answered the phone rather sheepishly as I always do that with unknown numbers. "Hello?"

"Hi, is this Rose?" I replied with a yes. "Oh hi, Rose; I'm just calling about Pep. We were cutting his legs when his pad started bleeding. You're not far away, are you?"

I knew what question was coming next, and I fucking hated it. "Eh, no. Me and my friend are just outside town."

"Ah, would it be possible for you to come back and check him out?"

I have no fucking idea why she asked me back. What was I going to do about it? Was my presence magically going to heal whatever wound they'd accidentally inflicted on him? And to make matters worse I was sitting on three cups of coffee, I was already beginning to feel like I was about to burst. I had spent the drive thinking about how good it would've been to get home and piss, it was all I was looking forward to. "S-Sure." I'm a fucking idiot and I answered like a fucking idiot. "We'll turn around and head back." I just kept digging the hole deeper. "We'll be about five minutes." I said my goodbyes and without giving away that this whole thing had frustrated me I instructed Beth to turn us around and head back to the town.

So back to the town we head, turning into an estate and back up the road. Let me tell you, I was fucked off. Royally. I’d sat and gorged myself on coffee because I knew I could. It didn’t matter. Once I was home, even if I was bursting, I could piss whenever I had to; Toilet, sink, kitchen sink, floor, you name it I was free to piss in it. But now I couldn’t, I had to just lean back in my seat and mutter the word fuck in my head repeatedly until it lost all meaning.

We pulled back into the carpark we'd arrived in earlier and rushed down a side alley onto the high street, where now a ton of people, most of them elderly, were now. At this point it was starting to really fucking dwell on me. You ever hit that point where everything just starts to feel like a toilet? Your mind goes into this super focused state where you’re just eyeing up anywhere with a modicum of privacy, wondering if it’ll be fine to just piss there? Alleyways, the little patch of grass at the back of the park? A fucking rubbish bin for all you care at that point. That was me as we walked down the high street. Take note that there’s no toilets available for customers in most of these stores. The nearest ones were down by a park, and they were locked too. My village and the surrounding villages have this habit of keeping their toilets locked and I have no idea why. Maybe they’ve got a fetish for people pissing themselves?

Not that I’d use them anyway, they’re fucking filthy. I’d sooner piss in my knickers than use one of those filthy public toilets. I’ve had a friend tell me to just squat over the bowl and do it like that, but that doesn’t relieve me from touching the walls, and believe me, half the time the walls of the stall are almost as bad as the rest of it. Anyway, I’m getting off track. Back into the dog groomers we went. There was my black and white little man, all harnessed up, wagging his tail like he thought his master had come to save him from this haircutting hell.

The cut was nothing serious and all it did was make me hate myself more for saying I'd come back. Just a reminder that every minute I wasn't pissing was another minute I had to endure this conflicting feeling of both arousal and pain from how badly I needed a wee. The groomer, a nice older woman with short gray hair and a kind warm smile, explained that it was most likely a nick from where she had been cutting, and that he'd been awfully fidgety and anxious since we'd left the shop. I knew he got a big anxious when we weren't around but I never thought it'd have me running back to his rescue.

And then, Beth said something, something she shouldn’t have fucking said. “If it’ll help, we don’t mind staying to hold him. Right, Rose?” She shrugged her shoulders like it was no issue to us, totally unaware I was already holding something of my own.

At that moment, I could’ve throttled her. I just wanted out of there and back home, back to my house with my nice beautiful toilet. “Ha, sure, if you don’t mind.” I said with a shy, awkward laugh. I’d hoped the lack of interest in my voice would dissuade her from keeping us.

Oh, how fucking wrong I was. “If you don’t mind staying.” She was an older woman, she had that polite tone of not wanting to inconvenience us, but knowing that if we stay it’ll make it easier for her. Sweet and innocent, it’s almost deceiving, but my soppy heart falls for it all the time.

Beth, without even consulting me, sat her arse down on a chair and held my dog steady. "It's not a problem for us. We've nowhere else to be."

She was edging herself ever closer toward a throttling. I had places to be, the fucking toilet for one! Okay, it can’t be too long. I told myself with hopes that it would quell the urges, a temporary ceasefire to the war between my legs, appeasing both my bladder and body with the promise that we wouldn't be here long; Pup only had his legs and head left before he’d be a short, nearly bald bastard. I can hold it for 10-15 more minutes and endure a 5 minute drive home. I'd get home, get the dogs lead off and be free to relieve myself to the toilet all before the hour was up.

45 minutes! 45 fucking minutes it took to trim his paws and head. I don’t know how I made it. I had to stand, acting like nothing was amiss, casually adjusting my stance to make sure nobody knew the kind of war my bladder was waging on me. I'd failed to hold up my mental promise and now my bladder was back with a vengeance, battering me with everything it could, trying to push me toward relief. All I could do was hold it, clench my muscles, pucker up until I could feel it in my arse too, just holding on for dear life. The worst part was that I had to keep myself composed; I was surrounded by three kind women and Beth who were taking care of the matted fur around my pups feet. I couldn't hold myself, I couldn't bounce around, I couldn't even just twiddle my thumbs with my legs pressed as tightly as I could fucking get them.

Not once did I dare to ask if I could use their toilet. I was so scared of them saying no that I just kept quiet. Rejection, especially for something like the toilet, was not something I took well. More times than I cared to admit, I'd grown close to wetting myself a few times in the past because I'd been too scared of being told I couldn't use the toilet. Anyway, dog was cut, he looked handsome and myself and Beth were ready to leave. We skipped the casual conversation. To avoid saying anything I just said I was expected back home quickly. I kind of was, if you count the fact I was expecting myself back home for a fucking afternoon slash. Afternoon! It was nearly 1pm by the time they were done! I walked back to the car, my little gremlin of a shih-tzu walking happily beside me, tail wagging after his cut. It wasn’t their fault he looked like a gremlin, it’s just nature’s fault he’s ugly. Cute-ish though.

I sat our best pup in the back seat, and being the good dog he was, he curled up and sat there, staring at me with a miserable old stare after the ordeal he'd been through. Believe me, Pep, I had some grudges of my own after that 45 minutes. I got in the front, and feeling the ever burning pain of my bladder as I flopped onto the car seat, my achingly full bladder sending a violent message between my legs that that was a stupid idea, I blurted out. “I wish I hadn't drank all that coffee. I feel like I’m about to piss myself.”

Beth just tilted her head and chuckled. “Well we’re going home now, so just hold it in.” We drove out along the roads, terrible rock music playing, a handsome gentleman of a dog sitting in the back, but I couldn’t pull myself away from how badly I had to wee. 45 minutes I had to endure in that groomers, 45 minutes that I was really, really, really starting to feel weigh down on me. The consequence for making the wrong fucking decision. I cursed not saying that we were already out of the car and then they could've just left me to my business.

As we drove through a small residential area it hit me like a ton of bricks, I wasn’t going to hold out much longer; I felt like I was going to burst right there and then, all over my friend’s seat. Her car may have been shitty, but it deserved better than my pale arse pissing all over it. My inner strength was failing, I could just sit with my muscles clenched forever, I starting to go weak around the waist as a fucking tsunami of desperation struck out at the tip of my weehole. I dug my hand between my legs, almost fondling myself to keep the wave of desperation from getting the better of me. “I’ve gotta piss like a fucking racehorse!” I rocked back and forth desperately in my seat, hoping those words would magically fix my problem.

“Alright, fine.” My friend pulled off from the main road, past a pub and down a small housing estate. “I’ll drive the long way, you can go for a wee in the fields.”

My lips quivered at the thought; she knew me so well. We’d been friends so long and embarked on so many hijinks together that she even knew my pissing preferences when I was about to soak my sweats. Of course she did, we’d done this a few weeks ago. That was entirely my own fault though, I was slightly drunk and being a frisky, lewd fuck, tested myself to see how much I could hold, and to see how much I could endure before I was grabbing myself, desperate and begging for her to pull up on the path for me to take a late night piss in a field.

I’m no stranger to pissing outside; when you’ve spent as many nights as I have out drinking you grow used the idea that anything is a toilet if you’re bold enough. Many a night have I had to make a stop to “water the grass” after downing anything with an alcohol content. And also, not that I’d tell my friend… or anybody, but peeing in a field is quite an exciting thrill for me. I just love that sweet moment of silence where all I can hear is my piss hitting the ground, the fresh country air, the humble almost naked surroundings, and of course, the sheer relief of emptying this pissbag I call a bladder, watering the ground with a nice warm stream of my own wee.

We got past the housing estate and out onto a country road that divided a small village from the town. I knew what was coming, a nice long wee in the grass. I just had to hold it in a little while longer, but I was past the point of subtlety now; My muscles were weak, almost quivering, I was tugging furiously at the knot on my sweats to undo them. Bastards were tight with the knot and I was past long the point of holding myself on sheer force of will. It was time to take matters, quite literally, into my own hands.

“What the fuck are you doing?” Beth protested as I got the knot undone. She probably thought I was just going to yank down my sweats and piss on the seat, which while I'd said I wouldn't, was growing more and more like a lovely thought. I wouldn't though, not willingly.

"Preparing!" With the knot undone, I shoved my hands between my legs with all the strength I could muster. "Ahh..." It felt much better with my hands down there, something physical to keep myself from pissing everywhere.

Beth pulled up along an old dirt path right beside a path leading up to a farm. There was a large dead tree looming over us and from here I could see a fair deal of the country. It was perfect... Well… It would’ve been perfect. Normally, country roads are quiet, even on sunny days, they’re the perfect place for a sly piss if I couldn’t hold it… But today was different, of all the days they were out it had to be today…

I grabbed myself as tightly as I could, fingers digging between my legs as I took in a sight straight from a nightmare, well, a nightmare you have when you really need to take a piss and that one simple task becomes suddenly impossible. It was the kind of thing that dealt a metaphorical, yet horrendous roundhouse to my bladder. Roadworks. Two large yellow trucks pulled up alongside each other as men in hi-viz jackets were drilling away at a section of road. No warning, no sign that roadworks were up ahead, no other areas currently being worked on, but the one place, the one nearby area where I could go, drop my sweats, and unleash a piss-fuelled Armageddon was occupied by bastards from the council.

“Oh you’ve got to be fucking joking.” I tried to play it off like it didn’t bother me. Outside, I was a cool composed machine. Inside, I was full of quivering muscles struggling to hold and far more piss than I ever wanted in my bladder. I sat crossed-legged in my seat, almost pushing my heels, as well as my hands, right up into my weehole. I can only imagine how I must’ve looked to Beth. Thankfully, she'd seen me in this horrid, dying state a bunch of times. It was our norm now.

“What’s the matter?” She’d taken her time to notice how hesitant I was to get out. From bursting, bouncing lass to shy timid girl in a matter of seconds.

“I’m not pissing here with those wankers over there.” I’m not graceful when I’m frustrated. At this point anybody denying me the piss I so desperately needed was an enemy of the state.

Beth looked at me like I was speaking straight up gibberish. “Fuck off!” She laughed. “They’re down there, they’re not gonna see you if you go for a slash.” She seemed to completely ignore that two of the workers were literally looking right at us. There was just a random fucking Volkswagen parked on a dirt path, we must’ve looked shady as fuck.

I feel like, as we had this exchange, that Beth maybe didn’t know me as well as I thought. Yeah I'm not shy about just yanking my trousers down and pissing when I'm around my friends, but when there's complete strangers nearby. I’m the kind of lass who runs the tap when she’s taking a dump if there’s somebody in the kitchen beside me. I’m surrounded by too many people who love talking about that stuff and I’m here not interested in talking about what comes out my arse.

Anyway, there’s a point to me saying that; Imagine getting out, pulling down my sweats and knickers, revealing my fucking pale, bare arse and fanny to a bunch of council workers before squatting down by a giant oak and giving it a nice watering with my piss while their leering bastard eyes are in view of the whole transaction. Like, I was about to piss myself, but in my sober state I just froze up at the thought these pricks working on the road could get a nice view of me. Maybe if I was drunk it wouldn’t stop me, but topping myself up with more fluids was a big no at this point.

"Nope! They can fuck right off! I can't piss here." This would be the point where I'd tie up my sweats and just keep it cool. Not this time, they were staying undone. I tie them back up and there's no room for my hands and believe me, the way this was going, I needed my fucking hands down there; they were all that stood between complete dryness and an outright piss mania on this car seat.

“Well you’re not pissing in here!” I couldn’t tell if Beth was joking when she said this. She had a laugh on her face, but still the way she said it made it sound like she really was preparing for the worst. And fuck, I couldn’t blame her. All this prattling and thinking was just making me more desperate. Going back to that thing about seeing everything as a toilet, I’d ascended a level beyond that; I’d spent a good five minutes thinking about a nice little patch of field where I’d be pissing. All that thinking, fantasizing, just imagining the sheer relief set me into overdrive.

“Is there anywhere else nearby? Public toilets... fuck another field at this point, I don't care. You got a cup or something?" My desperation drove me into a tiny frenzy as I began frantically searching beneath the chairs for something to empty myself in. I found nothing, no Mcdonalds cup, no plastic bags, nothing. This scruffy car was fucking empty. I whimpered, and whimpered, and whimpered until it turned into frantic desperate mumblings for something to piss in.

“Ey! Ey! Ey! Calm the fuck down." Beth grabbed my arm to stop me from rooting around beneath the chairs. "There's the river further down the road and past the village. You can go for a wee there."

"Like fuck I can, I'm gonna be lucky if I can last another minute!"

Beth sighed. "We'll just have to go home then. That's the only thing I can think of unless you want to go knocking on doors?" She knew that's not what I wanted. "Just don't piss yourself in the next five minutes." She waited for me to settle back into my seat like I was a disobedient child. I couldn't exactly sit still in my seat, but I think my cross-legged, hands down knickers sitting style was good enough as she pulled away past the roadworks and up towards our town.

Thankfully, a motorway runs a good length of our route home. And fuck my life have I ever seen somebody go so fast. You'd think Beth herself was the one who was about to piss herself, the speed she was going. I was sat in the passenger seat, legs crossed so furiously my heels were digging against my crotch. My hands were exactly where they were two minutes ago, also furiously stuck against my weehole, holding back the flood I was so desperate to unleash. They were nearly digging into me, I could feel them, and I’m sure this was legally fingering myself at this point but I didn’t care, I needed to use everything I had to hold back the flood. I must’ve looked like I was in a fucking yoga position. I’m sure there’s a metaphor somewhere for inner-peace now that every part of my body was focused on one concise point: my fucking crotch.

Sadly, my ironclad will and hands of determined flesh were not enough. Something warm shot out from between my legs, spraying my hands. My eyes widened like they'd seen a murder, my face clenched into pure horror as a second larger spurt shot out and dampened not just my hands, but my knickers too. I was so caught up in the horror of it that I'd not noticed that that still wasn't the end. My whole hands were being covered in this warm fluid, spurt after spurt until finally it was just one long warm stream running down my hands. I could feel the stream pouring, no, fucking spraying, out between my legs.

Somebody was looking out for me as the road we were on was barren, and on both sides were long hedges overlooking a local rugby field. "Stop! Stop! Stop!" I'd lost all care that I'd be seen now, I had to get out and piss, I had to spare my best mates seat from being pissed on and I needed to spare my clothes any more damage. Beth pulled the car beside the rugby field and I wasted zero time hopping out, already pulling my sweats and knickers, which were fucking soaked in wee, down. All I could hear was splattering as piss streamed down my legs, running out onto the grass. It was like a yellow lake forming around me as tiny little warm rivers ran down my legs. I struggled, my knickers were already so damp they stuck to my crotch and my arsecheeks.

At the very least I pulled them aside so I wouldn't be pissing into them. "Ah, Ah, Ahhhh!" The panic I was feeling turned to relief as I managed to hover my arse over the grass. The hissing turned to a noisy splattering as I began peeing into the dirt. My legs were so weak from holding that I had to steady myself by grasping the car door... which meant Beth saw everything; my glistening piss-soaked arse, my white knickers gleaming yellow with fresh, dripping piss and to top it off, the spray that was watering the grass beneath my arse was all just ripe for her virgin eyes to witness.

She looked away, but it didn’t seem to bother her so much. She just began giggling, laughing as my shitty fortune had, slightly, turned good. I’d found my piss filled pot at the end of the rainbow and oh boy let me tell you, even if I’d pissed a fucking ocean into my sweats first, holy fuck did this feel great, almost orgasmic. On such a nice day you could really feel the warmth against your naked skin and as bad as I knew it was, the silence meant all I could hear was my piss hitting the dirt with great force, matched up with the hissing between my legs. I couldn’t stop myself from enjoying it, any of it.

At last my well ran empty, the fat lady had sung, the rains had been blessed, I’d finally got what I wanted after a good long… I didn’t even know, time had just kind of melted away from my mind, being replaced with pain. And while some of it was still running down my legs, all warm and wet, I’d managed to avoid completely soaking myself. I can’t imagine what they would’ve looked like if I’d just kept pissing in them, I must’ve gone for a whole fifty seconds, imagine the state of my lower half if I’d just kept going in them; they were already damp and heavy, weighing down on me as they'd absorbed as much piss as they could. I lifted myself to my feet and looked down at the puddle I’d made soaking into the grass beneath me. I’d call it an achievement personally, I’d pissed so much the soil couldn't even hold it all, several small streaks ran down the side of the pavement and began pooling on the road.

“Feel better?” Beth asked.

I was panting, struggling to form a coherent sentence as the relief had overwhelmed me in ecstasy. “You… have… no… idea…” I managed to finally put that together between breaths. “How… good…” I just kept talking like I was on autopilot, “That… felt…" I could feel the smile I was giving her, lewd but happy.

I climbed back into the passenger like I’d just come back from an all day wank-a-thon, I was sweating, moaning, panting with relief, my mouth twisting between a shameful grimace and a relieving, overwhelming smile that felt like it hung from cheek to cheek. “Ha, ha, ha…” I had to sacrifice my N7 hoodie to sit back in the car; it acted like a towel to save Beth’s seats from getting stained from my wet arse. I don’t think I got too much on the seats, nothing some febreeze couldn’t get out. No, the major damage was now clinging to my arse and legs, not to mention my crotch… my pubes felt like a rainforest, warm and humid, my thighs and legs were sticky and all I could smell was piss.

I settled into my seat, my arse squelching as I squirmed uncomfortably. Everytime I shuffled I just felt my arsecheeks pushing against my wet knickers. It was mostly silent for the drive home. I'd felt defeated, I'd suffered the worse of it, but I couldn't keep going, but after all that holding, the anticipation, I didn't mind how this ended at all. It was a pretty big turn-on actually. I had for the most time always wondered what enjoyment people got from holding their bladders to their breaking points and now, as I sat, dripping in my piss, I finally understood.

I think the ending is obvious; I got my freshly groomed dog home, and I know he was along for the whole journey, but I doubt anybody wants to hear about how my dog sat in the backseat of the car doing nothing with his life while his owner writhed and cringed in the front. I got my soggy knickers and sweats into the wash and hopped into the shower. Once I was out and dried, I was back at my PC watching game streams, back to doing fuck all with my own life until next time. Though still buzzing with the excitement, and some friskiness from my little situation earlier, I have some arrangements to make between myself and… a special item of mine.

So that's my story. Hope you enjoyed it, because believe me, I know I fucking did. Anyway, that's all from me.

Ta Rah, love Rose.

