Thoughts and advice

Author: Green name

*000*2021-04-27 03:13

Hi, first time posting here. I'm a little nervous so please be gentle. I'm working on a story using ai dungeon and I want to hear any kind of feadback or sugestions. I'm writting this story for myself but I would greatly appriciate some advice to improve my writting.

You are a young teen girl that has just discovered the world of vr gaming. The immersive worlds are so life like that sometimes you forget about your own. The only thing that can pull you away is your mom and your bathroom needs, but you find your virtual life has been distracting you more and more from that second thing.

While exploring the world of ictracil, a horde of goblins attack you on your way back to the main town. With a thrust of your knife, you serverly wound one of them. A few alternating lunges and blocks and spinning kick for flare, you're destroying them; but an ever annoying alert pops up in your view: "warning! bladder full."

"Damn it, again?" You complain.

You ignore the warning, continuing to hack and slash at the goblins. In a few minutes, you wipe them out a breath a sigh of relief.

"I better go pee this stupid thing stops nagging me every 10 minutes. I haven't even been playing that long, how bad could it really be?" You say as you finish picking up the loot on the ground.

"Log out!" You shout. A colorful rainbow of light fills your vision as your avatar evaporates from the game world. Your senses slowly return to you: the softness of your bed, the slightly stale air of your room, the buzzing of your computer, and ofcourse the pounding of your bladder.

You quickly throw your hands to your crotch in a panic, sitting up as fast as you can as your vr headset partly falls off of your face.

"No no no no, this is so bad. I've never had to pee this badly before." You wine.

Your bladder throbs in pain. You don't dare get up, in fear of losing it right here. All you can think about is how badly you need to pee. Your bladder spasms, causing you to leak a little. The small dribble runs down your thigh, quickly being absorbed by your panties. Then your bladder kicks again, and again, and again.

"I can't hold it any longer! Oh god! I'm going to pee myself!" You squeal.

The warm trickle of urine slowly spreads across your lap as you try to hold back tears. It hurts too much to hold back any longer. You swallow your pride and stop holding back.

You move your hands and instantly the flood gates open all the way. The powerful stream soaks into your light green cotton panties and continues to the mattress. You watch in shock, as well as you can with one eye barely uncovered, as it keeps going.

"I... I'm really wetting the bed!" You say quietly to yourself.

The endless stream slowly relieves the pressure in your bladder, which would feel much better if it wasn't so embarrassing. You also hate to admit it but the warmth around your crotch is starting to feel really nice.

Gently the stream ends as your bladder is empty of all its content. You sit there for a moment, trying to process what just happened. It's almost unreal. Your butt, thighs, and everywhere else you've peed feels really good at the moment, if not a little sticky. The pounding of your heart calms down and the room is filled with silence. You take off the headset and look down at your soaked mattress. The stain isn't as bad as you thought it was, but you still can't believe what you're looking at.

You turn around and examine yourself in your full length mirror. The dark patch on your pajama shorts is obvious, and turning around you see that your butt is just as soaked if not worse. You slowly reach down and touch your crotch. It's still a little warm. You blush at how pleasant it actually feels right now, you've never done anything like this before. Then a sudden knock on your door startles you.

"Honey, it's getting late. You have school tomorrow." Your mom says from the other side of your door.

