Morning Fun

Author: Golden Queen

*000*2019-11-29 22:21

Molly stretched, yawning and glancing over at the clock on her bedside table. It read 6:47, and she groaned and rubbed her eyes tiredly. Great, she thought, wriggling in her sheets. Now that I've seen the time, there's no way I'm going back to sleep. It was still dark out, and everything was still and calm in the apartment. Molly felt the chilly air wrap around her bare shoulders and shivered. Well, there's no use in just sitting here. I should get some work done.

Quietly as she could, her feet touched the cold ground and a shiver ran down her spine. Eric laid in bed still, probably asleep, and Molly didn't want to wake him. She crept to the bathroom, closed the door, and bit her lip at the fullness of her bladder.

I swear I'm always bursting in the morning. It'd do me good to start going before bed. She reached down to pull off her pajama pants but paused, admiring the bulge in the mirror.

Eric always likes it when I'm nice and full... Her thoughts suddenly began to race as she imagined the look on his face as he traced her large, round bulge, maybe even pushing on it as she squealed and tried to pull away...

Stop it! Molly snapped at herself. Just go pee like a normal human. Despite her annoyance at her own horniness, there was a stickiness in her panties and her skin had grown hot. She pulled down her pants and sat on the toilet, but for some reason, her mind told her not to let go.

It feels so good, she hummed, spreading her legs out wide. Her urethra burned and her limbs were on fire. The feeling was maddening, to need to go so bad and yet holding back. Finally, in one swift movement, she stood up, yanked her pants back up, and stuck her hand between her legs.

Molly's heart beat wildly, and her hand began to gently rub at her crotch. She heard Eric roll over in the bed and her neediness consumed her, swinging the door open and rushing towards him. Molly whimpered as her pussy throbbed, and began to potty dance next to the bed.

"E-Eric?"

His eyes fluttered open and he stared at her dimly through the darkness. "What is it?"

"I... I..."

And then she was on top of him.

Eric yelped in surprise as Molly mounted him, kissing him furiously and rubbing her crotch against his body. He kissed her back and suddenly felt the hardness of her bladder on top of him and understood. He slipped a hand down her panties and fingered her lips, sliding through her slick folds. "Mmmmmmm. Since when do you get so horny in the morning?" He whispered. His reply came quickly as a little gasped, followed by a lot of wetness.

Molly let go, pee flooding pout of her and over Eric's body. He moaned with pleasure alongside her, feeling the warmth cover him. He kissed her and played with her, running his hands over her body as she peed. His erection grew, and it wasn't long before they were rolling around in the sheets...

Thanks for reading! My girlfriend wrote this so she wanted me to post it and share with you guys. Hope you enjoy!

