Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Panchy Brief's Desperation [Final Chapter]

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2018-05-02 18:40

The Final Chapter unfolds with Bulma's Mother, Panchy Briefs. Miss Briefs is about to have some trouble of her own in this story......

Dr. Briefs: Oh honey have you seen my Special Tool Kit?

Panchy Briefs: I think I saw Bulma with your Special Tool Kit

Dr. Briefs: Well do you know where she went?

Panchy Briefs: She went to go fix Goku's Farm Tractor thing

Dr. Briefs: Ah man I need that for one of my Advanced Inventions I'll be heading out

Panchy Briefs: Just be careful (oh boy I think I drank a bit too much tea in the morning)

Panchy Briefs: Ooh I always forget where the restrooms are in my own home... hmm where is it?

(Kid) Mai: Uh is something wrong Ms. Briefs?

Panchy Briefs: Oh I just can't find the restrooms, I know I lived in my own home for many years but the place is so big and forget where they are

(Kid) Mai: Oh I see, well I actually just left the restroom so I will bring you there

Panchy Briefs: Oh thanks sweetie (ooh I hope I can make it)

[Mai walks through with Ms. Briefs down the hall but Ms. Briefs realizes is a long way down]

Panchy Briefs: (Oh my I don't think I can hold it any--) *spots Pot Plant at a Corner* Um Mai stop right here

(Kid) Mai: Why? *Looks where Ms. Briefs is staring at* Oh I see but don't you think that's un-lady-like?

Panchy Briefs: Sweetie when you can't hold it anymore you got to take some risks and this is one of them

(Kid) Mai: [Ms. Briefs rushes to the Pot Plant] Wow so bold.... um might be best to look away...

Panchy Briefs: (I don't think I'll have time to pull down my panties so I'll just pull down my jeans & squat) It's gonna come out! *Pulls Down Jeans and Squats over the Pot Plant*

Panchy Briefs: *Let's out a Relief of a Rain Piss beneath her Panties* Oh that feels so good it's a good thing Mai isn't seeing me like this

(Kid) Mai: (I can hear her peeing... this must be embarrassing for her I hope Future Me never does this)

[In Future Trunks' Timeline]

Future Mai: *Peeing out in Public while squatting over a small bush* Aw this feels so good to pee, It's a good thing Trunks isn't around seeing me like this

[Back to the Main Timeline]

(Kid) Mai: Yeah I'm pretty sure she wouldn't do something so embarrasing

Panchy Briefs: Well I'm done. I may got my panties wet.....

(Kid) Mai: But?.....

Panchy Briefs: But I at least watered the Pot Plant *laughs*

(Kid) Mai: Uh *Falls over of Shock*

This is the Last Chapter of "Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles" I hope everyone got to enjoy my Fan-Fic Stories for the past few months.

*002*2018-05-03 07:29

{{11 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I sure loved it

}}

I'm glad that you did :)

