No Pee Day in Hell (Hazbin Hotel)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2024-03-04 02:47

I can hold it, somehow I know it

I'll get Vaggie to hold it too

[Charlie, hold on]

There's just no toi-, -let to pee in

While we travel out there's no loo

[We're just recruiting]

So we'll just hold, all of our pee

And be des•prit by decree

[This could be bad]

Cheer up Vaggie, this could be swell

Something tells me that today will be a no pee day in Hell!

[VAGGIE, spoken]

Okay, but just don't... sing to them

[ANGEL DUST, spoken]

That bitch is halfway down the street

[VAGGIE, spoken]

Is she—

[ANGEL DUST, spoken]

Oh, she's potty dancin'

(--- Several hours later ---)

There's a full aching feeling pulsing through my crotch.

Every step so appalling it's hard not to cross.

It's a real shame there's no public loos anywhere.

If you don't mind the dare.

It's a no pee day in Hell!

There's an over stretched organ that's paying the toll.

Gotta take both of my hands to shove in my hole.

Doing what is required to stay in control.

I'm not doing well, another no pee day in Hell.

If I can hold it, then I will win

An eve•ning of control

[Not if I can hold more than you]

Of Vaggie's bladder for ou•r bedtime sin

Fine•lly taking the dom role

[My bladder's taking a toll]

I can hear all the voices, the whines and the moans

And I know that my bladder's as hard as a stone

But if I open my floodgates I'd give her first place

Hope she loses post haste

It'll be a no pee day in Hell

(--- Jazz transition ---)

From the porn studio

Where the cinephiles go

To watch award winning demon om•ra•shi shows

To the Big Fountain Square

Where we'll certainly stare

Cause oooooooh my gosh, why

And I don't even dare, to, pop a squat here outsi-i-ide

Cause I know I'd be marked next for heaven's genocide.

(--- back to normal ---)

I can hold it, somehow I know it

I got Vaggie to hold it too

There was no toi-, -let to pee in

When we travel out there's no loo

So we just held, all of our pee

And we're des•prit by decree

I can already tell, today is gonna be a fuckin' no pee day in Hell!

FIN

###

If you want to re-read it while listening along to the instrumental version, here's a good one: https://youtu.be/RNXAfE0Utrk?si=vu8NP8viND26LYn8

=======================

Explanation:

Confused? This fic is what I would call a songfic. Basically, I wanted to omorashify the lyrics to the song "Happy Day in Hell" from S1E1 of Hazbin Hotel.

Thanks to mourn365 for beta reading this fic!

Behind the scenes headcanon:

If you're still confused about the story content, this is the headcanon I developed while writing this songfic.

Charlie and Vaggie need to go around Hell to recruit sinners to join their hotel. Charlie decides she wants to make it a bit more fun, she wants to have a pee holding contest with Vaggie while they're doing this because they both have an omo fetish. Unfortunately, there are no public toilets in Hell, because... well, it's Hell lol. Not only that, heaven forbids public urination (like literally, heaven has decreed a mandate that you're not allowed to urinate in public). Any sinner that publicly urinates will become marked as a priority target for the next extermination. There's nothing like the threat of death to prevent you from peeing, am I right?

Vaggie is apprehensive about the holding contest for a variety of obvious reasons. But eventually, she agrees to it. Ground rules are implied to be that the winner gets to control the loser's bladder during sex that night.

I managed to make Charlie sound British lol (originally, I used the word "wee" several times to rhyme it with the word "pee", but that felt uncreative, so I changed it lol. "Loo" is a good substitute for "toilet" and it rhymes with many more common words). I'm not British myself, but it turns out that British Omo-relevant slang is way easier to rhyme than American Omo-relevant slang.

*002*2024-03-04 05:25

{{49 minutes ago, Omo luna said:

How long do you think they can hold it in

}}

I like to exclude certain details in my fics to allow my readers to use their imagination and interpret the story in the way they enjoy the most.

How long do you want them to hold it for?

&&

*004*2024-03-04 17:49

{{5 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I found this piece of art on this website and I feel like it will protain to this story. I don't know who the artist is, but it looks like Charlie might have won the contest. Also I feel like charlie and Veggie do have a holding contest and they Do it occasionally to spice up the relationship

}}

This is a very fitting conclusion to my story lol!

{{5 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I found this piece of art on this website and I feel like it will protain to this story. I don't know who the artist is, but it looks like Charlie might have won the contest. Also I feel like charlie and Veggie do have a holding contest and they Do it occasionally to spice up the relationship

}}

Did some searching and found a link to one of the artist's pages: https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/116371166

*005*2024-03-04 17:58

{{15 hours ago, Golden Guard said:

To watch award winning demon om•ra•shi shows

}}

Fun fact, both "bukkake" and "omorashi" are Japanese loan words. The Japanese are so kinky, that whenever we need a new word to describe our kinks, we borrow them from the Japanese.

*007*2024-03-04 20:55

{{1 hour ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I sometimes use pixiv To find some omerashi pictures as well and I did See the charlie vague one on there but I thought somebody else Made it that wasn't On that website

}}

The account tagged the post as "original". So unless they're lying about it, it's the original artist.

There's barely any art in that account, so it's definitely not a bot account. And the art style feels mostly consistent. And for the works that don't, they feel to me like an artist experimenting with different styles. So to me, it feels very much like that is the actual account that produced this work.

Also, some people like to use different usernames for different sites. Or perhaps it was reposted here by a completely different person.

*008*2024-03-04 21:01

{{9 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I found this piece of art on this website and I feel like it will protain to this story. I don't know who the artist is, but it looks like Charlie might have won the contest. Also I feel like charlie and Veggie do have a holding contest and they Do it occasionally to spice up the relationship

}}

Gonna tag @BredableArt for making this incredible piece of art. Go check them out!

*013*2024-03-16 20:17

{{On 3/15/2024 at 2:25 PM, PracticallyPie said:

Are you gonna do this with any other Hazbin songs? I’d definitely enjoy them!

}}

Happy Day in Hell was the only one that became an earworm for me. The other songs are great, but if they don't live in my head rent free, it's kinda hard to make a Songfic out of them lol (it was already quite hard to make this one). It also helps that I just needed to change one syllable from the song title in order to make it an omorashi title. Glad you enjoyed this one though!

*015*2024-03-17 04:00

{{4 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

When I read this story I was trying to think of other titles for other songs and I couldn't think of any.

}}

It was kind of a fluke that I realized I could replace one syllable of "Happy Day in Hell" to get "No Pee Day in Hell". And when I realized that, I was like "ok, I NEED to make an omo parody of that song now" lol. And that's how this fic was born.

*019*2024-03-18 03:54

{{8 hours ago, KyrenA said:

@Golden Guard

I love this! I just watched Hazbin Hotel so this ticks a lot of boxes for me lol

Enjoyed the headcanon story behind your song parody as well. One thing's for certain- I bet Angel Dust has absolutely done a bunch of omorashi. How would he react to seeing Charlie and Vaggie squirming around the hotel I wonder?

}}

Thanks, glad you liked my songfic!

I'm curious if I'm the only one who experienced reading it the way I did. I consider myself quite a (classically) musical person, so whenever I re-read my fanfic, I can hear all the instrumentals and orchestration in my head and I can actually hear Charlie's voice singing all the modified lyrics lol. I can even hear her intonation change as she sings:

{{On 3/3/2024 at 9:47 PM, Golden Guard said:

And be des•prit by decree

}}

With desperation in her voice as she sings that line.

It's something that sounds really good and theatrical in my head, but I get the feeling that affect is kinda lost on most people (and also because everything I described is really really difficult to convey via text). I'm curious to know if you were able to imagine it as I did? And if not, what cool theatrical experience did your imagination generate?

