A Ghost Story - Pt.3

Author: Gothes

*000*2020-02-01 18:31

The story became longer than expected so get ready for a part 4 in the next few days.

... and remember, I'm not a native speaker so apologies for possible mistakes.

CHAPTER THREE: DANA

After their intimate moment together, Sofie and Dana layed exhausted on the wet grass, both soaked in urine and a few drops of sweat.

"I knew you would enjoy it", said Dana satisfied.

Sofie wanted to say something but hesitated. The pale woman noticed and asked: "What is it, Sofie?"

"I ... I just don't understand. You do this to everyone? And to my mother as well?! ... Wha ... I mean ... How ... Wh ... Who the hell are you?! And why do you do all this?!"

Dana laughed a little: "I see you're confused, love ... Let me tell you my story maybe you will understand."

"You really are a ghost?"

Dana took a deep breath and began to tell:

"Yes, yes I am, even though I'd prefer to be described as a spirit. My life came to an end hundreds of moons ago. I was a young woman just like you, men where turning their heads everytime they noticed my presence. They wanted me, they chased after me and they were intimidated by me. I felt like I could control each and every one of them by playing with their deepest desires, but most of these men vanished the moment I told them my most forbidden passion: my longing for urine, for bursting bladders and sighs of relief. That was all I wanted. I had no interest in everything else."

"You mean, you never wanted sex?"

Dana shook his head and continued: "I've had intercourse with men in my early years but the satisfaction I recieved from it was never enough. It was the act of urination that let my needing soul feel the most extatic. I didn't want sex and thus men didn't want me. They were disgusted by my love for urine, they laughed in my face and humiliated me by sharing my secret with everybody else. The word spread throughout the valley and my name got thrown in the dirt. Eventually I wasn't the beautiful woman from that one village anymore, I got described as a freak, as a sex offender ..."

"What?!"

"Listen to me, Sofie, if you play your game instead of theirs, the community will turn their back on you ... keep your secrets to you and don't share them with anyone if you want a happy life. Trust is good, but no trust is better ... remember that."

Sofie nodded slightly intimidated, then she asked: "And then what happened to you? There must have been at least one man in the whole valley that loved peeing."

Dana started giggling: "You know, Sofie, having the whole valley know about my tastes sometimes had it's perks. There were a few good men among the shadows that approached me secretly every now and again to spend some tender moments together and everytime it happened it was a joy ... That was the time I realized how much better your passion feels if you can share it with someone who cares as much about it as you ... and it was also then when I made my first experiences with some audacious maids."

Dana giggled again.

"Women came to you as well?!", Sofie wondered.

"Yes, every few months some women joined me and we went on adventures."

Sofie smiled and after another brief pause she asked again: "And how did you die?"

Dana gasped a little and moved on with her story: "Even though I met some people I could share my interests with, I still got mocked and abused by everybody else around me and the more I isolated myself from others the louder their voices got, my friends started to neglect me and my family was embarassed to have me. I suffered, Sofie. Their mockeries and hate speeches became unbearable so I set an end to my life and greeted death with a sweet embrace."

"It's sad to hear that, Dana."

"Don't be sad, Sofie. Dying was the best that ever happened to me. The devil was kind and condemned my soul to a life in the material world."

"You mean on this world? ... and you will never go to heaven?"

"I commited suicide, Sofie, heaven was never the place I was meant to be ... but neither was hell apparently. I was destined to walk on the face of this earth for eternity."

"And you decided to spend your days here by satisfiying your needs with others?"

"Exactly. That's why I said dying was the best I could do. Since then I've bee wandering throughout our villages, looking for passionate people to spend my evenings and morings with. I have the powers to control the situation how I want and when I want."

"And you only do that with people who have the same interests, right?"

"Exactly ... If they don't I just secretly stalk them relieving themselves in their homes or in the bushes. They won't notice me and I can get as close of a look as I want."

"Do you play with men and with women?"

"With men and with women."

"And who's more fun?"

Dana laughed a little: "Every gender has it's own little treats. Men are easier to get as you can imagine, they play along and admire your body like a woman would never do. Some let you hold their penis while they're urinating ... which is a very enjoyable experience if I may say so."

"Really?"

"Yes, they all feel so nice and soft and when the urine gushes out you can feel some slight vibrations going through the muscle. Sometimes they even get erect, which is not as exciting since you can't really control them as you'd like ... but it's fun to watch them grow." Dana laughed, even Sofie giggled a little: "If that's the case I should try it out as well one day."

"You should, Sofie. It's an arousing experience."

"And what about women?"

"Women are nice to touch. They have soft skin and voluptuos bodies, every curve is an adventure. And the way they moan when they finally urinate is incredible, pure passion."

"Same as I did before?"

"Yes, you brought the heath inside my soulless body for a brief moment."

"I never thought ghosts can pee aswell."

"They can, If they want to ... and also whenever they want to." Dana spread her legs and began to pee into the grass to demonstrate Sofie her abilities. The girl sat back up and observed Dana's urine.

"It looks so ... clean", Sofie said.

"It's basically just water."

"It definetly looks like it."

"No, I am serious it really is just water ... you can drink it if you want."

Sofie looked back down at Dana still laying in the grass.

"Go ahead, try!", said the ghost.

"I ... don't really want to."

"Trust me, Sofie. It's delicious."

Sofie was sceptical, even though she just discovered her love for peeing she wasn't feeling the need to drink it. She still had the taste of her own pee on her lips after Dana stroked them with her wet finger, and Sofie didn't really like the taste that was slipping into her mouth the whole time.

Dana noticed the girl's hesitation and took action. The pale woman sat back up as well and formed a cup with her hands which she then filled with her incredibly clean urine. Dana moved the "cup" carefully towards Sofie's mouth and whispered with a smile: "Try it." Sofie hesitated but her cuoriosity was stronger. The girl opened her mouth and Dana poured the urine into her until the last drop. Sofie swallowed the liquid and was surprised to find out that it really did taste like water ... and it was cold.

"You want some more?", asked Dana.

"No no no, I had eno ... are you still peeing?", Sofie looked down at the ghost.

"Yes. I can start and stop whenever I want."

Sofie didn't really know what to say and just nodded interested.

"What about my mother, Dana?"

"Oh right!" Dana giggled: "I almost forgot."

"You know each other?"

"Whe knew eachother even before you where born."

"How?"

"I stalked every single person in your village in the past years. I was trying to find urine enthusiasts because I needed some new friends. I looked and observed, I tested and tortured them ..."

"What?!"

"I wasn't a litteral torture haha. Everytime I find a fascinating person I fill his or her bladder up to see how the person acts in those moments of desperate need."

"So, wait, let me guess. You fill their bladder and try to find out if they enjoy it."

"Right!"

"And how do you know if they do?"

"I just watch how they react to a full bladder and look at their faces when they empty it. You can tell a lot by the way a man crosses his legs or a woman rolls her eyes on the pot."

"Really?", Sofie was sceptical.

Dana nodded: "If you do this for a long time experience will give you the answers."

"And I guess my mother was one of those people you were looking for."

Dana sighed dreamily: "Your mother always held her crotch in such a sensual way I couldn't help but watch her in need over and over again."

Sofie giggled a little.

"You know what I am talking about right?", asked Dana.

"Well, yes ... but I never ... got aroused by it", Sofie laughed nervously.

"Of course not, she is you mother ... but I did and we went through some lovely moments together in our early years."

"How did you meet?"

"The same way I met you. She was walking through the forest and I took over her bladder from the distance ... and then, again same as I did with you, Sofie, I undressed and teased her until we passionately covered our bodies in urine."

"Hm ... is that how you do it with everybody?"

"No ... Haha ... I thought if it worked on your mother it might also work with you ... and it did."

Sofie laughed a little: "And she has come to you ever since?"

"Every time she leaves the house."

Realization overcame Sofie in that moment: "That's why it always takes so long until she comes back."

"You got it, haha."

Sofie got silent, and started thinking.

"I see that there's still something that keeps your mind busy, Sofie."

"Yes ... Have you been making one of those "tests" of yours on me as well?"

A bit ashamed Dana said: "I did."

Sofie nodded slightly, still deep in thoughts: "Since I was a child?"

"Noo, I did not" Dana said calmly: "When you were born I wondered if you might grow up to be such a wonderful woman as your mother ... and the older you became the more I wished to meet you one day but it wasn't until you turned 15 where I consciously started to lay eyes on you. I didn't do anything don't worry, I might be a spirit but not from the evil kind. I just really enjoyed the thought of one day having the thrill of experiencing the heath of a mother and her daughter."

"At the same time?!"

"No, Sofie don't worry, I ... I actually never even thought of that to be honest." Dana got quiet for a brief moment, Sofie gave her an idea but she didn't want to show it.

"Anyway", Dana continued: "The older you got the more beautiful your body turned out to be and the more intense my desire became ... You turned 18 and I began to tease you whenever I could."

"I understand now."

"Does it all make sense?"

"I always though I had a weak bladder but it was you the whole time?"

"Yes!"

"And you where with me whenever I peed somewhere?"

"Sometimes, yes"

"Oh ... That's kinda scary."

"It's only scary if you know about it."

Another nervous laugh from Sofie.

"And when did you realize that I enjoyed it, Dana?"

"This afternoon."

"What?"

"I was there when you arrived home desperate. I was actually going to see Laureen when I spotted you. You peed behind the shed and the way you closed your eyes and gasped softly when it all came out I knew. I just knew and I was so happy ... and now here you are."

Sofie smiled and then something else came into her in mind: "You were there today. Did you see how my mother caught me?"

"I did. I loved your red face afterwards haha."

"But ... but did she call my name immediately as soon as she spotted me or was she looking at me for a moment before saying anything."

"Oh, Sofie, I don't know. My eyes were locked on you and your beautiful stream, I got scared as well when I heard her."

"Oh ... Well, fine. No problem."

"But I saw her looking at your puddle flowing into the shed when you left."

"She looked at it?"

"Yes"

"Hmmm ... and then?"

"Well ... then I appeared and we peed together on the housewall, haha."

"You both peed on the wall?!"

"Yes, standing up, like a man. Laureen told me she never did it before so we gave it a go."

"Oh ... uh ... I don't know what to say, ha ha."

"Better say nothing, Sofie. I know that hearing about your mother's actions is uncomfortable for you, so I'll try to not talk about it anymore. It's just very enjoyable to think about it."

Sofie looks at Dana smiling. Her face caught a bit of her attention:"You look aroused, Dana."

"I really am a bit aroused."

End of part 3

