Beast Boy's Secret Part 1

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2016-05-19 19:06

A weird story thing I did a while ago. There are 3 parts in all, and It'll take some time to dig up the others wherever they are.

"Oh man, not again..." Beast Boy muttered as he woke up from yet another water dream in a soaked bed. It was the fourth time this week he had done so, and it wasn't getting any easier. At his last doctor visit, the physician said that as he got older he might start to see unusual things happening to his mutant body, but he never thought it would be anything like this.In the span of a few weeks, his bladder control was almost totally gone.

He got up and started his now regular morning ritual of stripping off his cold, drenched clothes, and changing his wet sheets. As he did this, he couldn't help but remember when this all started not too long ago. It was movie night, and he and the rest of the titans were enjoying the film that was picked. As the movie went on, Beast Boy sat and enjoyed his snack choice for the film, a huge bottle of soda, "Stupid, stupid, stupid." he muttered to himself as he now abandoned his wet underwear on the floor, and stepped into the shower. It didn't make matters any better that it was a long movie.

About halfway through the movie Beast Boy realized how full his bladder was. He didn't think it was any problem though, he'd held it in through plenty of movies in the past, and he didn't see why this was going to be any different. However, only five minutes later he was really struggling to hold it in, hands between his legs, and squirming. Even after all this, he thought he could handle it a little while longer anyway. He was annoyed he was going to have to get up in the middle of the movie, something he hadn't needed to do in a long time.

As he was about to get up to go, a loud explosion flashed across the screen. Beast Boy winced, and squealed involuntarily.

"Scared you huh?" he heard Robin's voice in the darkness of the room.

"Heh, no I was not...." His voice trailed off as he felt the warm wet feeling seeping through his hands. His heart started pounding, and his face turned bright red in the dark room as he realized he was wetting his pants. All he could do was sit, frozen in fear as his urine soaked through his underwear, pants, and pooled on the floor under him. He was really glad he picked to sit on the floor this time. With the help of his hands he held down as hard as he could, and managed to stop the flow, but the damage was already done. As quietly as he could, he snuck out, and ran to his bathroom. He winced as his now cold, and soggy clothes clung to him. He hopped in the shower to quickly clean up. As he got out he noticed that the wet pants and briefs he left behind had almost made their own puddle on the floor. It made him try and imagine that happening in full light in front of all his friends, and the thought gave him a terrified shudder.

After he changed into dry clothes, he came back to see the movie was over. Robin then asked him what that wet spot was on the floor. Beast Boy thought he was going to panic, until Robin then scolded him for spilling his soda all over the place.Taking the free excuse, Beast boy then explained that he tipped it over, and spilled it all over himself, and that was also why he had to leave as well, to clean it off himself. Another lucky streak was Robin then making him clean it up, making sure no one would find out he was lying as well. He hoped the accident was a one time only thing, but as time went on it got more and more frequent. He wouldn't even nee to go really bad, only to get to the bathroom and discover large wet spots on his briefs.

Other times, he'd be on his way to the bathroom, having more and more frequent and sudden urges, and as he tried to get his pants down soaking through his underwear and pants, leaving a large, and highly visible wet spot, he then needed to take more time to change out of his wet clothes. So far no one noticed, at least to his knowledge, anything suspicious to his increase in laundry. It only got worse for him when one night, he woke up from a bad dream, and noticed how soggy, and cold he felt. He wanted to be in denial as he layed there, hoping it was just a leaky pipe in the ceiling or anything else than what he thought it was. He built up his courage enough, and threw off his covers only to see he was laying in what was almost a puddle.

As he stood in the shower, now thinking of the present, he planned his usual attempt at hiding his problem by washing his wet sheets in the middle of the night. He thought of how dangerous that was. One of his friends up for a midnight snack could expose him, and his problem for the other titans to laugh at. He decided that enough was enough. He didn't want to have to do this, but the risk of being caught was too much, he decided to swallow his pride, and start wearing absorbent underwear both to sleep, and during the day. Just the thought of wearing what were basically diapers made him cringe, but there really was just no other way in his mind. That should keep his secret a secret he thought. He hoped so anyway.

