The Haunted Hedge Maze

Author: Goldwood

*000*2022-11-01 03:21

Decided to write a last-minute Halloween story today. Hope you enjoy!

The Haunted Hedge Maze

Fall had become Kimmy’s favorite season over the past few years. She was originally from Florida and her new home of Goldwood was far enough north to have the gorgeous red and orange leaves she’d only seen pictures of growing up. It was cool, but not too cold and she had fun doing the cliché activities like pumpkin carving and hayrides. Best of all was her favorite holiday, Halloween. Dressing up was always a blast with her friends even if most of them weren’t a fan of the traditional “scary” activities.

Thankfully, she did have one partner in crime. Her friend River was a huge horror movie buff and they’d had their fair share of movie nights. Sometimes they watched the hilariously bad ones and occasionally they’d watch one so terrifying that they needed a new change of pants. Kimmy was currently wearing a bumblebee costume in the passenger seat of River’s truck. Her friend was dressed as a butterfly with her blonde hair dyed orange to match her costume’s monarch butterfly color scheme. Her antennae headband bounced around as she sang to songs on the radio. The pair of horror enthusiasts had heard about a haunted hedge maze in the nearby town of Dripping Falls and decided to go on a whim after finding easy costumes at Spirit Halloween.

“Ten more miles after we turn off of Hwy 23 and we’re there,” Kimmy told River looking up from her phone.

“Sweet! Should be a blast based on what I’ve heard,” River said. “Dripping Falls is a bit out of the way, but I know the locals love their Fall Frenzy.”

“Yeah, an hour drive isn’t too bad,” Kimmy agreed. She’d always enjoyed road trips aside from the ever so annoying problem of pee breaks. Her bladder wasn’t particularly the strongest and she hated being the one to suggest stopping. A wacky adventure back in college had revealed River was the same way. Two twenty-one year olds wetting themselves in line to ask for the key to a nasty gas station bathroom made for quite the bonding experience if nothing else. Kimmy felt her bladder twinge as she recalled that memory. Her coke was half empty but figured there’d at least be porta potties to use at the Fall Frenzy.

Night had fallen as they arrived at the park hosting the festival just. River hopped out of the truck and handed Kimmy the wings to her costume that had been in the back seat. She’d finished her lemonade and bobbed up and down in the parking lot. Kimmy added her wings, fixed her brown hair put her headband back on. The park was absolutely packed while largely catering to the young adult crowd. Costumes of seemingly every variety could be found on the park grounds. The homemade ones were great, especially the cheesy pun ones. Kimmy had always been a sucker for those.

“Oh hey! Kimmy and River!” a voice said.

Both girls turned around and waved to their friend Ronnie. The brown-haired boy was dressed as Eddie from Stranger Things complete with an inflatable guitar. “Oh, hey Ronnie! What are you doing here?” Kimmy asked.

Ronnie grinned and pointed to the sign at the table. “Shots and Shots. A fundraiser for Goldwood College athletics. Basically for $5 you’ll get tequila shots and pictures with Barkley the Beaver.”

As if one cue, the beaver mascot walked by and waved. “Sure, why not?” River shrugged. “Shots will make the hedge maze a bit more interesting.”

After a few shots and goofy pictures with a giant beaver, Kimmy and River made their way to the main event of the night. The hedge maze was an incredible landscaping feat with walls that were tall and thick enough to stop Kimmy from seeing over or through. A few people could be seen making their way out while laughing or bantering with friends about how they knew the right way out all along but got ignored. They passed one guy in wet pants as well as a girl who joked about needing diapers next time but had a dress to cover up any damage.

“It must be legitimately scary in there,” River said. “I think this butterfly needs to pee before we go in.”

“Same for this bee,” Kimmy said. She and River looked around for the nearest park bathroom or porta potty and were quickly disappointed. Even though there were two porta potties a short walk away, the line was outrageously long. Two police officers were even there to deter any public urination.

“Screw it, let’s just do the maze first,” River said.

“Sounds good to me,” Kimmy said. She definitely needed to pee, but they’d driven out for the hedge maze, not the bathroom line. As she and River entered the maze, ominous music started playing. They grinned and walked in.

“Terror 4 checking in. I repeat, terror 4 checking in. I need backup,” Audrey said as soon as the most recent guests were out of site. No one replied back on the walkie talkie and the black-haired girl groaned. She’d been on her feet in the hedge maze for four hours and had yet to get her promised break. She realized it was the busiest night of the year, but that didn’t make her predicament any better. She drunk both of her water bottles, and no one was responding to her signals to send someone over for a much-needed bathroom break.

Voices came from around the corner and Audrey grimaced as she got back into position. She put her skull mask back on and picked up her chainsaw. Three girls came around the corner all wearing animal onesies. They drew closer and it was Audrey’s time to strike. She pressed a button on the lighting configuration and a spotlight turned on behind the girls. Another spotlight turned on at a fork in the road. As the girls argued which way was correct, the girl in the elephant onesie convinced them to go right. Audrey grinned as they turned down the path leading straight towards her. Despite her bladder threatening to explode, it was still a fun job.

The elephant led the way with the lion and giraffe following suit. They turned the pivotal corner and Audrey jumped up with her chainsaw whirring. All three girls screamed as Audrey waved her chainsaw around and suddenly the crotch of the elephant girl’s costume began to darken as pee hit the ground.

“Oh My God Nicole’s pissing herself!” the giraffe exclaimed as the lion burst out laughing.

“Oh shut up Sarah!” Nicole said as they turned back around.

Once they were gone, Audrey groaned once more. That was the third wetting of the night at her station alone! Part of her longed to finish the flood poor Nicole had started, but her luck would lead to someone arriving midstream. She crossed her legs and buzzed the walkie talkie again. “Terror 4 checking in. Can I get backup?”

The maze had certainly lived up to the hype. Kimmy had taken River’s hand a few turns back and neither had wanted to let go. Witches, werewolves, and two separate guys in hockey masks had greeted them at several wrong turns and sent Kimmy’s adrenaline through the roof. River was perhaps even more terrified than she was as evidenced by her death grip. Eventually, they found their way to the center of the maze. A large circle in the hedges made for a nice place to take a breather. Kimmy looked around for a porta potty but found none there. Her bladder screamed for relief that wouldn’t be coming any time soon. Three paths stood before them, and she arbitrarily picked the one in the middle.

The hedge maze trail wound deep with several twists and turns. A ghoul popped out of the hedges brandishing a machete which startled both friends. Once they were passed the ghoul Kimmy patted herself down and realized she had her first leak. “I have to pee so bad,” Kimmy giggled. “I don’t know if I can even finish the maze dry.”

“Oh I definitely won’t,” River laughed. “I leaked all the way back at the werewolf jump scare." It took till they passed by a lamp, but there was definitely a small stain on River’s dark grey leggings.

They kept walking and eventually the path widened and began to incorporate some fake trees and decorative cobwebs. “I don’t like this at all,” Kimmy said. Spiders were perhaps her number one fear.

“Me neither,” River said uneasily.

They kept walking through the cobwebs. An audio recording activated saying something about angering the spider queen. Kimmy turned to River ready to beg her friend to turn back, but it was already too late. A giant animatronic spider crawled down from the tree. Kimmy held her breath and backed up under the shade of another tree. Suddenly a dozen giant plastic spiders dropped down and one even landed on Kimmy’s shoulder. She screamed and became acutely aware of the golden flood trailing down her legs. She was truly powerless as her mind panicked and her control of her bladder was the first area of focus to go. Warm pee soaked through her leggings and little even got into her shoes as the ground beneath her became a mini swamp. She shook the fake spiders off and raced through the clearing after River.

“Well, I guess you don’t need to pee anymore at least,” River said.

“Yep. Bugs hate spiders after all,” Kimmy said. “I think we’re almost out.”

“Hope so. Maybe there’s hope for my bladder yet,” River laughed.

They passed through several more haunts including a vampire and some clowns. The stain on River’s leggings grew after that last one, but Kimmy admired her friend’s determination. Kimmy’s heart still pounded even after wetting herself back at the spiders. The maze had surpassed her wildest expectations and they were far from out of the clear.

A spotlight turned on behind them. She and River expressed their unease but embraced their inner white people in a horror movie and decided to investigate. More lights continued to flash on ahead of them followed by some music in a speaker that progressively sped up as if they were being chased.

“Left or right, Riv?” Kimmy asked.

“Um… right!” River said.

They turned down the right path, which turned out to be a costly mistake for River. Kimmy heard footsteps, but only moments before someone with a revved-up chainsaw popped out and River unleashed a bloodcurdling scream. Like a storm cloud on a dark and eerie night, River’s bladder gave way to a torrential downpour. Golden rain cascaded down River’s legs as forceful droplets snaked every which way saturating her leggings completely. She let out an exhausted sigh once it was her accident was finished. “Well that happened.”

“It sure did,” Kimmy laughed. “Let’s get out of this maze.”

The two friends made their way through the remainder of the maze with few noteworthy events. Finally, they heard sounds from people outside and it appeared the exit was coming up. Kimmy and River rounded a final corner and screamed as four zombies popped out of holes in the ground. The closest one grabbed Kimmy’s leg and she blushed as the last bit of pee that had remained in her bladder spurted out. Thankfully the zombie's hand was only there for a few seconds.

“That was a good one,” River told the zombies as they waved goodbye.

“That was incredible,” Kimmy said once they were out. “Want to do something else while we wait for our clothes to dry? Preferably something that won’t end in another accident?”

“Want to enter into the pumpkin carving contest?” River asked.

“Sure!” Kimmy said. With one final laugh, both girls headed off through the park to enjoy the rest of their night. Walking around in wet pants was a bit embarrassing, but they definitely weren’t alone.

“Terror 4, this is Terror 9. Do you still need backup?” Audrey’s walkie talkie asked.

Audrey put her hand to her heart as she walked the two girls in bug costumes walk away. “You’re a life-saver Mark. I haven’t pissed all night!”

“Oh damn! Be right there,” Mark said.

Audrey exhaled while pressing her hands into her crotch. The butterfly girl would’ve never known due to Audrey's black costume, but for a few split seconds, they were both peeing. A few minutes later, a guy dressed as Frankenstein’s monster arrived. Audrey handed over her chainsaw and blew Mark a kiss. “Thanksomuchgottapeebye!” she shouted before sprinting out of the maze. She ripped her mask off as she ran and imagined the bliss of finally accepting nature’s call. It would be close, but she would make it.

Her triumphant run came to a screeching halt as soon as she was out of the maze. Men and women were backed up nearly fifty yards in the longest bathroom line she’d ever seen. It was admittedly long when she started her shift, but it seemed to have only grown. A short spurt did more damage to Audrey’s black pants followed by a longer one. She checked her phone and realized she still had another hour of her shift. She was tempted to try and hold but just wanted to relief in some form or fashion. She scanned the park and found a tree with no one around. She leaned against the tree and smiled as she finally peed. The warm flood felt amazing and best of all, the stain was nearly invisible on her costume. So many people had wet themselves that night. What was one more?

*002*2022-11-03 03:27

{{On 11/1/2022 at 5:11 PM, rfthawne said:

This was excellent!

}}

Glad you enjoyed it!

