Beaten To Relief

Author: Gemmy

*000*2019-09-13 13:58

"Yeah bye guys" said Megan as she hugged her friends. It was probably the tenth time she had said goodbye and hugged everyone, but it was always the same whenever they were together. It didn't matter what they were doing, morning coffee or a night out, when it was time to leave they would say goodbye and then end up standing and chatting somewhere, ending up in a cycle of hugging and saying goodbye over and over until eventually they parted ways. That's exactly what had happened again. They had left the club almost 20 minutes ago and had ended up stood in the town square talking before they had to split up and go their separate ways.

They had been out to celebrate Laura's birthday. The evening had started with a meal at a lovely Italian restaurant then they had gone around the towns hotspots, drinking and dancing the night away. It was now almost 2:30 in the morning and Megan was ready for home. Her feet ached from all the dancing, she was getting tired and she was getting cold. She remembered the days in her early 20's when she could stay out all night, not being bothered by the cold or aches, and would end up getting home at 7 o'clock in the morning when the sun was coming up. Not anymore though. She was happy to come out and have fun but was no longer one for stopping out.

Eventually after yet another round of hugs they finally parted ways and her and Lucy headed off towards the train station to get a taxi whilst the others went off to walk home. Lucy was spending the night at Megan's, as was the norm on a Saturday night. They might be too mature to be stopping out all night but they were never too old for a sleepover.

They gradually made their way along the High Street towards the train station, chatting and gossiping about the evening. Suddenly Lucy stopped and said "it's no good, I'm going to have to take these off". She grabbed Megan's shoulder for support and lifted her leg up so she could get to the straps of her shoes. Megan knew the feeling, her feet were definitely aching but at least her shoes were more flat, Lucy had opted for heels.

"LUCY!!!" exclaimed Megan as she looked down and saw straight up her friends skirt. "at least find somewhere to sit down and take your shoes off, you are flashing your knickers to everyone".

Lucy just laughed and said "pffft like I care…. See they don't mind either" she added, smiling cheekily at a group of guys passing who were enjoying the view and whistling. Megan shook her head laughing, Lucy had always been the same. That was where she and her friend differed.

Lucy had never cared about how she dressed or what she showed off, she definitely wasn't shy. Megan wasn't shy either, she was just more careful with such things. Which is why for their night out she had chosen a cute white romper suit rather than a short skirt. She knew that her white lacy thong was semi visible through the material of her romper, she didn't mind that, in fact, she kind of liked catching guys looking and wondering whether they were checking out her curves or enjoying the sight of her little lace knickers. A teasing glimpse was one thing, she wasn't about to give everyone a full up-skirt view like Lucy was currently doing. It took Lucy a few minutes to undo all the straps of her heels and get them off. Once she had them in her hand she let out a sigh of happiness and they continued towards the train station, making their way through the throng of late night revellers.

Eventually they reached the train station and walked on past it and the dozens of white taxis parked outside. It would have been easy to just jump into one and head home but these taxis were owned and run by the council and from past experiences used a meter system and could end up being expensive. They much preferred to use the private hire taxi firm just next to the station. It might mean waiting a little while but they would rather wait and save money.

As expected, when they reached the little taxi office, there was a queue of people waiting outside which Megan and Lucy joined the back of. There weren’t too many people in front of them waiting so Megan knew it shouldn’t take too long. As they stood chatting cars started arriving back pretty regularly for their next pick up and the queue was moving along pretty quickly.

Lucy’s phone pinged with a message and as she got her phone out and was reading the message Megan looked around to see how many people had joined the queue behind them. There weren’t too many behind them. As she turned to look back to see how many were in front she saw a young couple standing across the square. The guy standing against the wall while the girl was looking around. It was obvious that the guy was peeing against the wall, it was quite a common sight to see on nights out and seeing him made Megan aware of her own bladder.

Whilst standing in the queue she had felt the growing need to pee but seeing the guy had made her more aware of just how much her need was growing. She had been for a wee before they had left the club but that was now almost 40 minutes ago, no wonder she was feeling the need to pee. She knew her bladder would fill up quite quickly thanks to the many cheap cocktails they had gotten throughout the night. She glanced up the queue and saw that they were 4 from the front so it shouldn’t be too much longer.

It was another 10 minutes before they reached the front. Now Megan was very aware of her bladder. She was definitely feeling a constant need now and had they still been in the club she would have been heading for the ladies. Still, it wouldn’t take long to get home once their taxi arrived.

A few minutes later a car pulled up next to the queue and the guy standing in the office doorway asked where they were going. Megan gave him their destination and he shouted into the office the car number and the destination. As he did a woman standing a few places back in the queue walked forward and said that she was going to the same town and asked if they wanted to share. The guy asked where and when the woman gave her address Megan knew where it was and realised it was on the way so agreed that they could share.

Lucy and Megan got into the back seat and the woman got into the front and gave the driver her address for the first drop off. They set off and the woman in the front seat started making conversation, asking Megan and Lucy about their evening. Lucy told her where they had been and asked about her evening. As Lucy and the woman, who introduced herself as Sally, chatted, Megan looked out of the window, watching as they drove out of town. Given the early hour the roads were dead so it was plain sailing, apart from a few traffic light stops.

On the outskirts of town they came to what would have usually been a busy intersection during the day but at this time there was no other traffic to be seen. Yet they were sat a red light waiting for it to change. Sally moaned at the red light.

“Really? Come on already there are no other cars, why are you taking so long”.

As if the lights could hear her complaint they changed to green. She laughed and said “that's better ...ooooh, hopefully we don’t get any more stupid lights like that holding us up, I really need a wee”.

Megan knew how she felt. Her need had continued growing and now she was absolutely busting for a wee. She had been subtly squirming and fidgeting in her seat, trying not to make it too obvious how much she needed to go. She laughed to herself, here she was trying to hide the fact she needed to pee and this complete stranger had just openly announced it. She squirmed again as a wave of need hit her and she squeezed her thighs tightly together. Not much longer to go she told herself. Now they were out of town it should only take 5 minutes before they were at their little town.

5 minutes later and they were coming down the hill into their little town. 5 minutes that would have usually been nothing, seemed like so much longer when you are busting for a wee, Megan thought to herself as her need kept getting worse. It had been over an hour now since she had last been for a wee and boy did she know about it. She found herself thinking about that guy peeing on the wall, jealous that he got to empty his bladder and found relief. She was now bursting and finding it harder to hide the fact she was. She had to keep squirming and shifting, trying to find a position that would help her ease the ever growing pressure between her legs.

With her focus on her need to pee she completely forgot about Sally in the front seat and was confused when they turned off the main road. When she realised why she also realised that this little detour to drop her off first would add another five minutes to their journey. Five more minutes until she got home and could relieve her bladder. Her situation wasn't helped by Sally, who now was almost home, was commenting on how badly she needed to pee.

As they pulled up outside Sally’s house she opened her handbag and started fishing out change to pay her fare. Megan wanted to tell her to hurry up but was too embarrassed to say anything. Eventually she found enough money and paid the driver. She said goodnight and got out of the car. As she quickly walked up the path to her front door Megan felt a sense of jealousy that in a matter of minutes Sally would be able to pee. Part of her wanted to ask if she could use her bathroom but there was no way she could ask a complete stranger to use their bathroom.

As the car pulled off again she told herself it wasn’t far till home, just a few more minutes till she could take a much needed wee. It was all she could think about. Her entire focus was on her bursting bladder and her aching pussy, focusing on holding on and keeping her knickers dry. She was bordering on desperate. That stage where she would go from bursting and the feeling of almost wetting herself to being at the point of really having to hold back to avoid an accident. As they drove across town to her house all Megan could do was focus on holding on and making it home.

By the time they pulled into her street Megan was fully desperate. Each wave of desperation that hit her made her feel like she was about to start wetting herself and she had to really hold back and clenched her muscles tight. The car came to a stop outside her house and she quickly pulled money out of her purse and paid the driver.

As she stood up out of the car she had to give herself a quick squeeze to stop from having an accident. Once she felt she was back in control she quickly walked over to her front door followed by Lucy who was chattering away but she had no clue what she was saying, she could only concentrate on one thing. She fished her keys out of her bag and thrust them into the door. Relief was so close, just open the door, get inside, dash up the stairs to the bathroom and the toilet, not much longer, just hold on for a little longer, she muttered to herself.

She pushed the door open and went inside. The moment the door opened a few trickles escaped into her knickers. That sense that relief was so close was intensifying her desperate need to new levels and she couldn’t stop it. She moved inside and threw her purse on the table. All she had to do was take her shoes off. As she lifted her leg to undo the clasp on her shoe more trickles escaped, dampening her knickers. As she lifted her other leg to take off her other shoe she heard something that almost made her wet herself on the spot.

Lucy had followed in behind her and having her shoes in her hand just threw them down. She moved past Megan and headed for the stairs.

“I will sort out my half of the taxi and drinks with you in a minute Meg’s, before I do anything else I’ll have to go to the loo, I’m almost weeing myself”.

Before Megan could say anything Lucy had dashed upstairs.

Megan kicked off her other shoe and started dancing on the spot. Relief had been so close and then taken away. She started leaking and grabbed herself tightly to try and stop.

“Oh god oh god please please hurry up Lucy” she said aloud to herself as she hopped from foot to foot desperately trying to stop herself from leaking anymore. She moved through into the kitchen and stood leaning on the counter, one hand steadying herself, the other pushing against her aching pussy, trying in vain to hold on. She could feel her fingers getting wet as her bladder pushed hard, crying out for relief, causing her to leak uncontrollably. She crossed her legs tight, clenched her muscles, did anything she could to try and hold on just a little longer until Lucy had finished in the bathroom. Each second felt like an eternity, the leaks kept on coming. She was starting to have an accident and there was nothing she could do to stop it. She needed to wee, she couldn’t wait, she HAD to wee. No matter how much she told herself to hold on, that she could make it, her body protested and caused her to leak more.

She tried to move towards the stairs. At least if she went upstairs she would be closer to the bathroom when Lucy finished. With each step more pee leaked out into her knickers, she could feel the crotch of her romper was getting wet now too. Suddenly a long spurt shot out into her knickers and began to run down her leg. In that moment she knew had two options. She was never going to make it upstairs without having a full blown accident. She either had to find somewhere she could pee and fast or she would wet herself.

She quickly looked around. She wasn’t going to pee into the kitchen sink, that was gross. There had to be something, anything she could pee into. Then she realised what she could use. She dashed over to the cupboard and opened it. She quickly pulled out the mop bucket and pulled off the drainer attachment and placed it on the floor. Having found a solution her bladder was pushing harder and harder causing uncontrollable spurts.

She instinctively went to pull down her shorts then realised with horror she was wearing a romper. She cursed her past self for choosing this outfit and reached round to try and unzip the back. She danced and squirmed and squeezed her legs, desperately trying to reach the zip to get herself free. Eventually she grabbed the zip and started pulling it down. As she did the spurts got worse. She was about to wet herself. She hurriedly pulled the zipper down and tried pulling her arms out of the sleeves. She managed to get her top half free when she felt it. She knew she was about to lose all control, she tried stopping it but she could feel it coming.

Without thinking she sat down on the mop bucket to avoid a mess and let out a loud sigh as she started peeing full force through her knickers and her romper. It felt so good she lost herself in the feeling. The feeling of that intense pressure being released, her aching bladder being emptied, the wonderful feeling of blissful release.

She was so caught up in the feeling she hadn’t noticed Lucy come back downstairs.

“erm ...Megs?”

Megan looked up and found Lucy staring at her looking shocked. She came to her senses and realised she was sitting, half naked, peeing through her clothes into a mop bucket. She sheepishly looked at Lucy and told her that in the taxi she had been desperate to pee and when Lucy had beaten her to the bathroom she had to find an alternative.

“You should have said you muppet, I would have let you go first had I known”. Laughed Lucy.

“I would have said but I didn’t know you needed to go too, I just expected to come in and dash straight upstairs”. Replied Megan blushing.

She realised she had finished and stood up to inspect the damage. Her white romper was completely soaked around her crotch and bum and had gone see through. She peeled it off and felt her knickers which were also soaked through.

She dashed upstairs and took them off, throwing them and her romper in the bath to wash through. After she had run them through with water she left them to deal with in the morning. She went and put on her pyjamas and went back downstairs. Blushing deeply as she walked into the living room where Lucy was sat.

Lucy smiled when she saw her best friend all embarrassed and teased her about it before adding “Meg’s you think this phases me, I have seen you do much more embarrassing stuff when we were younger, and honestly, I have peed in much more strange and weird places when I have been desperate and someone has been in the bathroom. I could tell you a story or two that would make what you have just done seem quite tame.

“Yeah, knowing you like I do I can believe that” laughed Megan. “I will make us a drink and you can tell me one of those stories now to make me feel better”.

“Hehe, I guess I can do that,” replied Lucy with a cheeky on smile on her face. “The question is, which one do I tell you?”

