Too Much Coffee While Christmas Shopping

Author: Goldwood

*000*2025-11-30 17:28

Christmas spirit was in the air at the Goldwood mall. Wreaths and inflatables decorated every storefront while sales were advertised and men dressed as Santa rang bells for charity. Clad in her favorite Peanuts ugly sweater, Danielle sipped a peppermint mocha and wiped the whipped cream from her face, accidentally getting a smidge in her flaming red hair to her friends’ amusement. She and her best friends had decided to meet up for some Christmas shopping and chose the mall.

It wasn’t as packed as Christmas Landing had been the previous year, but there was still plenty of hustle and bustle. To Danielle’s right was Emily, an Asian law student with enough energy for the four them by herself. She wore jeans and a fuzzy sweater that simply said “Die Hard is a Christmas Movie.” To her left was Kimmy, the brown haired mom friend of the group who was on the hunt for decorations for her students as well as friends and family. Skipping up ahead into Earthbound Trading Co to look at “hippie shit” was River, a quirky photographer with her yearly streaks of red and green in her hair and candy cane earrings.

“You know, Black Friday isn’t as fun as it used to be,” Emily said as they followed River into Earthbound. “When we were kids, we watched two grandmas throw down for the last Xbox. Now we’re just peacefully looking at candles and ceramic frogs.”

Danielle eyed the frog in River’s hands. “I’d fight River for that.”

“Just make sure to have some decency and turn your phone horizontal instead of vertical if you record it, Emily,” said Kimmy. “Not that I’ve seen my students do otherwise or anything.”

Emily shook her fist at the sky. “I knew there was something wrong with kids these days!”

A ceramic frog and a candle that somehow smelled like “moonlight” later, they were on to the next store. Danielle tossed her empty cup, but they stopped again as they rounded a corner. “When did our mall get a Tim Hortons?” Danielle asked.

“No clue, but I’m ready for round two of coffee,” Emily declared.

Another round of drinks later, they headed to Macy’s. Danielle looked through cute coats and sweaters while bobbing her head to Christmas carols. She and her friends worked their way through the store, but as Danielle finished her coffee, she found herself looking around for something else.

“Hey Kimmy have you seen the…”

“Bathroom?” Emily interrupted with a devious grin.

“Yes. This is pretty embarrassing, but I have to pee after drinking two coffees. Shocking right?” Danielle said.

“I’m only teasing cause it gets you so riled up,” Emily said with a smile. “Even if it is funny that you’re always first to go.”

River sighed. “Here we go again.”

“Well how are you doing over there?” Danielle asked. “Because if I remember correctly, last year’s shopping trip ended with both of us pissing our pants in a Starbucks.”

“I’ve never been better,” Emily said with a flick of her hair.

“Then drink up,” Kimmy said, handing her a half-finished drink. “I’m full.”

Emily looked around the ground suspiciously. “Okay, this feels like a setup.”

“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Danielle said. “But for real though, your girl’s gotta pee.” She got up in search of the Macy’s bathroom and her jaw dropped. She knew it was Black Friday, but she somehow hadn’t anticipated a line at least fifteen people long spilling out of the women’s room.

“Welp,” Kimmy said as she reached the line as well. “That’s not ideal.”

“Let’s just go,” Danielle said. “It looked like they’ve at least got a lot of cashiers on duty.”

“Any luck?” River asked as they returned.

Danielle shook her head, but thankfully her friends were almost at the front of the line. They threw everything on Emily and River’s cards, resolving to sort it out on Venmo later. A small leak escaped into Danielle’s panties as she climbed into Emily’s car, but they were almost home free. Just a ten minute drive back from the mall. Emily took the back way which put them on the highway faster. Another small dribble escaped, but Danielle was fine. There was barely any wetness on her jeans. She could make it.

Then Emily stopped the car. Danielle looked up and saw the jack-knifed truck which had slid off the road blocking the entire freeway. Emily swore and tried to turn around, but she was in the right lane with a solid quarter mile of stuck cars in front of her.

“Uh Emily…” Danielle said as she leaked again. “I’ve got a situation here…”

“Dani, just run outside and pee or something,” Emily said.

Danielle reached for the door handle when she heard a siren as a cop car sped by. "Nevermind."

“Maybe they’ll direct traffic,” River said.

“I hope so,” Danielle said. She rammed her hand into her crotch, determined to hold on as long as she could. Up ahead she could faintly see the cops getting out to make sure the trucker was okay. A fire truck arrived shortly after. It was going to be a while.

That realization seemed to spell the end for Danielle’s exhausted bladder. More and more spurts escaped turning the fabric of her jeans from damp to wet. She was midway through an apology to Emily when she lost complete control. Pee spilled out and no effort to clamp the flow did any good. Emily turned up the music to mask the accident, but both Kimmy and River in the back knew what all too familiar event had just unfolded.

“Sorry Emily.”

“Sorry I made fun of you.”

“I mean my tiny bladder is a punchline for a reason,” Danielle said with a shrug.

“This isn’t clearing any time soon is it?” Kimmy asked.

Danielle looked up ahead. Lines of cars were still ahead of them and there was no sign of a tow truck. “I don’t think so,” she said.

“Great. Just great,” Kimmy said. “So I may or may not have been more desperate than I let on at the mall…”

“So in other words,” River said as she recrossed her legs, “One down and three to go.”

“River, don’t you dare speak that into existence!” Emily scolded. Then her cheeks blushed. “Also finishing the rest of Kimmy’s coffee might not have been the smartest move in hindsight.”

Danielle turned to the backseat. “Wouldn’t it be funny if Emily was next?”

“I’m not next!” Emily protested.

As the other three argued, Danielle laughed as she leaned back in her now soaked seat. They wouldn't be moving anytime soon and her gut told her she wouldn’t be the only one in wet clothes by the time they made it back to Emily’s. She felt another faint twinge and looked down as if glaring at her bladder. She could handle yet another accident in front of her friends. But twice on one car ride? That would truly be embarrassing. She crossed her legs and joined the others as they sang Christmas carols and desperately waited for traffic to clear.

*002*2025-12-11 18:53

Emily clenched her teeth and rocked back and forth while drumming on her steering wheel. Traffic remained in complete gridlock as she felt her bladder steadily fill. She was at the point she would normally get up to pee if it was an option, but still in control. Next to her, Danielle blushed while adjusting her soaked jeans.

“Sorry about your seat,” Danielle said. The pair had been best friends since college and Danielle’s tiny bladder had been one of their longest running bits, even if Emily wasn’t exactly a stranger to Danielle’s predicament either.

“Oh you’re fine, Dani. It’s not the first time it’s been peed on and it sure won’t be the last.”

Danielle narrowed her eyes in mock offense. “Are you saying I’ll probably wet myself again? Or that it’ll just happen to one of us in general?”

“Could be any of us,” Emily said. “But probably you.”

“Hey!”

As Danielle folded her arms and looked out the window, Emily turned to the backseat. Kimmy was openly holding herself while River furiously tapped her foot and squirmed. “How are you two holding up?” Emily asked.

Kimmy and River looked at each other with a nervous laugh. “Not well,” Kimmy admitted. “I didn’t even finish my second drink, but that extra espresso shot in my first one packed a punch.”

“Meanwhile I don’t think I was desperate at all till we stopped,” River said. “Then I saw the wreck and my bladder decided I have to pee ASAP.”

Danielle whipped her head around. “There’s no shame in joining the Pants Peeing Club. We have t-shirts.”

“Okay, but we should actually make those,” Emily said.

“Dibs on claiming it for Christmas gifts!” Danielle said.

“Of course. You can be the president,” Emily said. “With a capital pee.”

“So who’s the vice president?” Danielle asked.

“That’s easy,” River said. “It’s whoever pees second.”

“Then I guess I’ll have to settle for treasurer or something,” Emily said. The other three booed her, but she couldn’t help feeling the pressure in her bladder continue to rise. She adjusted her posture and River shot her a wink. Emily shook her head and focused back on the scene in front of her. The driver had come out of the jack-knifed truck and was talking to the police. At least he wasn’t hurt.

There was a crunch of gravel on the side of the road as a news van arrived and parked in the grass. “Channel 6,” Danielle said. “That might be Clara!”

“My queen!” River declared as a brunette hopped out of the news van. Her girlfriend was a reporter who both wrote for the Goldwood Ledger and broadcasted for the local station that owned the paper.

“If there’s a whole ass news team over there is that good or bad for us?” Emily asked.

“I don’t know,” Kimmy said. “But I think we just elected a vice president.”

“And who's that,” River asked.

Kimmy laughed, which did offset her tomato red face. “Yours truly!”

Emily turned around. Kimmy had kept her first few leaks quiet, but the baseball sized wet patch on her jeans continued to expand in spurts. She fixed her glasses and bit her lip as she cut her stream off, but only for a few seconds. Then Kimmy was completely peeing herself with no way of stopping. Pee poured out of her and worked down her pants, primarily on the right side due to the way she was seated. That stream finally tapered off for a few quick seconds as a tow truck arrived and everyone cheered. After a few final dribbles, Kimmy leaned back and sighed. “Whew!”

“Well, you weren’t lying about that extra espresso shot,” River said.

Danielle looked intently from River to Emily. “And then there were two!”

“For now,” River said. “To let you in on a little secret, these gray leggings are about to get a lot darker.”

“No, you’ve got this Riv,” Danielle said. “We can’t let Emily win again.”

River sat up straight and flipped her hair. “You’re right. I have a bladder of steel and will be the last to pee.”

Emily booed her while watching the tow truck hook up to the 18 wheeler. She shifted in her seat while willing her bladder to remain under control. “Help is on the way. They’re going to move the truck, then open one lane to get traffic moving, then we can go through. I’ve got this. I can pee in like twenty minutes. Maybe thir—”

A small dribble of warmth leaked into her pants. She evidently flinched too obviously as Danielle cackled like a hyena. “Emily’s gotta pee! Emily’s gotta pee!” Kimmy and River started chanting it too as Emily flipped them off. She then got an evil idea as she fired up Spotify and cranked up the volume. All I Want For Christmas Is You started playing and Danielle shot her a death glare.

“Emily! That’s too far! I worked retail in college and this song is trauma inducing!”

Emily laughed, just to wince again as another spurt of pee escaped. She turned the music down in a truce with Danielle and turned to the back seat. “How’s it going, Riv?”

“Not well,” River admitted. “Just had my first leak, but it could be worse. I’m just annoyed that these are new pants.”

“No time like the present to break them in!” Kimmy declared. “But in all seriousness, I think we’re about to get moving?”

Emily turned back to the road. The tow truck had hooked up the proper chains and was pulling the 18 wheeler off the road. The group cheered even as another leak escaped Emily’s bladder. Police began the process of letting cars through. Emily cranked her speed up to a blistering 5 MPH, then 10, then 20! Three spurts of pee later, they were passing the truck, police, and news van at long last.

“Thank God!” River said. “Now where can we pee?”

“Gas station in half a mile,” Emily said.

“I think I can make it,” River said.

Emily floored it the short distance until the gas station came into view. “Almost there, River!”

“It’s going to be close,” River said.

Emily made a sloppy turn into the parking lot, but heard a defeated sigh from the back seat as she parked. “So close,” River said.

Emily turned around. River’s leggings were streaked with several escaped leaks, all being covered by a torrential flood as her bladder lost complete control. River scrambled to get out of the car, but most of the damage was already done. She cut off her flow for a moment, just to completely release it in the parking lot. “Oops,” River laughed.

Emily only made it a few steps further when her long overdue accident finally hit. After furiously trying to slam the door on her leaking bladder, enough was enough and she felt the dam crumble. Hot pee spilled out of her, completely soaking through her panties and jeans with some even pooling in her shoes. She checked her phone and saw the accident last well over a minute. The flood finally stopped as Danielle caught up with her.

“So that wasn’t the shopping trip we had planned.”

“It sure wasn’t,” Emily agreed with a laugh. She looked down at her soaked jeans and the huge puddle beneath her. Then she paused. It was still expanding. Her eyes wandered to Danielle’s jeans, where a second wet spot was running down her legs. “Again?”

Danielle blushed. “Maybe.”

Emily grinned as River and Kimmy joined them, before putting her hand in the middle of the group. The others followed. “Pants Peeing Club on three. One, two, three!”

“Pants Peeing Club!”

They got some strange looks from people walking by in the parking lot as they piled back in the car and finally headed back to Emily’s. Traffic had cleared and festive music played on the radio. Once they were back, Emily sprayed down her seats while the others worked their way through her shower. Once all four were in dry clothes, River perked up. “Clara’s news story just aired!”

Emily looked over at the phone. Clara stood at the scene of the accident, hat and coat blowing in the cold wind. “I’m here on the scene just off highway 23 where a tanker truck of milk slid off the road and blocked several lanes of traffic. Despite the scary situation, no one was seriously injured. I’m here with the driver now.”

She turned to a middle-aged man and the pair had a few quick words about driving safety on slick roads. “Anything else you’d like to add?” Clara asked.

The man smiled. “I’m thankful nobody got hurt and I’m thankful the town will still get their milk to leave out for Santa Claus.”

Clara laughed. “I love it! For Channel 6, I’m Clara Daniels, wishing all of Goldwood safe travels out there, and a very merry Christmas!”

“She’s so cute,” Emily said. “Good little safety lesson there too. Fortunately the only damage done to my car was on the seats.”

“Do we need to help you clean it?” Kimmy asked.

Emily considered it, but shook her head. “I'll handle it. Besides, I’ve still got plenty of shopping to do. Maybe we go out again next weekend?”

“I’m down,” Danielle said. “We should probably limit ourselves to one coffee next time though.”

“We should. But will we actually?” River asked.

Emily laughed. “Almost certainly not.”

