What's Wrong With My Pants?! (GeminiTay Omorashi)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2025-07-28 04:49

Warning: This story contains elements of Real Person Fiction (RPF) and Hermitshipping (GemPearl). I don't actually wish for any of this to happen to these people irl. This is simply a fantasy and fictitious story. If you don't like the above elements, then simply click off.

Also, this story is a bit of a slow burn when it comes to omorashi. It starts off with a bunch of suggestive dialogue and low key smut with not a lot of omo. But I promise all the payoff for the omo content at the end is worth the wait!

The omorashi victim in this story is GeminiTay. Since I'm starting to write more and more fanfics beyond TOH, it's probably helpful to have a reference picture of the character for the reader, so here you go:

What's Wrong With My Pants?!

"And that does 20 damage to me?" Gem asked.

Pearl replied, "Yeah, 20 to you, and-"

"Oh, which doesn't matter cause I have armour on," Gem interrupted

There was a pregnant pause as Pearl thought about her next quip in response to Gem. She made a "tsk" noise as she was thinking. They were on Hermitcraft playing the Hermitcraft Trading Card Game (commonly known to the server as TCG). Gem was good at the game. Her armour cards were soooooo annoying. They always prevented Pearl from doing any meaningful damage to her. She just wanted Gem to remove her armour to make the game easier for herself.

As Pearl finally thought of a response, she slowly looked over to Gem and said, "I hate your clothes." She paused for a second before continuing.

"Ok, so what was the damage at? It was at ninety-"

"Well... Do you want me to take them off, or?..." Gem interrupted.

Pearl slowly pivoted her head towards Gem. She was in disbelief that she had just said that. She just stared at Gem in silence for a while.

"Um hello, Earth to Pearl? Do you want me to take my clothes off or not?"

"Y- yes," Pearl said, without thinking.

Gem smirked as she slowly lifted her chestplate above her head, giving Pearl a nice and slow reveal of her belly button. Pearl did not take her eyes off of Gem for the next few minutes.

As the breastplate got lifted higher and higher, Pearl could see Gem's ginger colored bra that matched her hair.

As soon as her breastplate was removed, Gem started to remove her leggings. With the same pace, her leggings descended, giving Pearl a gradual reveal of Gem's panties, which were also ginger coloured. It was like watching the sunrise over the horizon. Pearl continued to stare as more of Gem's thighs and legs got revealed.

Pearl studies Gem's almost nude form as the rest of her annoying armour got removed. Staring at Gem's buff arms and 6 pack caused her to feel things that- no, as a straight woman, Pearl shouldn't be feeling these things towards her best friend.

"You like what you see?" Gem asked with a self-confident smirk.

Pearl nodded. "You don't wear much underneath your armour, huh?"

"Pearl, as a Canadian, any temperature above 15°C feels hot to me. My armour feels like a sauna in this weather," Gem responded.

With all the mega factories and mismanaged terraforming projects, the Hermitcraft server had been experiencing extreme changes in it's climate.

As an Australian, Pearl didn't find the current 30°C heatwave to be that bad. But Gem really detested this heat.

"The TCG room is air-conditioned though, don't you feel cold indoors?" Pearl asked.

"I don't get cold Pearl. I had no coat on in Sweden and I was fine," Gem responded.

"Your body is fascinating," Pearl stated. "Like being able to deal with those temperatures, I can't."

"Interesting sentence," Gem stated, while she was still just in her bra and panties.

They both started laughing.

"Yeah, I don't get cold," Gem stated. "I just run really hot."

"Yeah, I'm a little jealous. I-"

"I am hot," Gem interrupted.

"I- alright."

They both started laughing again and Pearl didn't refute Gem's last statement. She actually secretly agreed. But she couldn't say it out loud and inflate Gem's already overinflated ego.

"Well, if you're overheating, you should remember to stay hydrated in this weather. Wouldn't want you to get a heat stroke or anything," Pearl stated.

"I have been drinking water!" Gem replied. She showed Pearl her empty 1L water bottle.

"Well, we should drink more. Let's take a water break," Pearl suggested.

The duo went to the water fountain to refill their water bottles.

###

"Hey, I bet I can drink water faster than you can," Pearl challenged.

"You're on!" Gem accepted.

Both women started chugging their 1L water bottles. It was close, but Gem finished a split second before Pearl did.

"Ha! I beat you!" Gem exclaimed.

"Aw man, I was so close!" Pearl complained. "Well, I think we're well hydrated now."

Gem and Pearl continued their round of TCG. Gem won despite removing her armour cards.

"That's two for one Pearl, I think I deserve a prize now," Gem stated.

Pearl smirked as a devious idea popped into her head. "Hey Gem, you got anyyy pickles?"

Gem pulled out her sword and began chasing Pearl. "What kind of prize is that? You know I hate restocking my pickle shop. Come here Pearl, I gotta wack you for that statement!"

Pearl was giggling with laughter as she ran away from Gem. She couldn't help but steal some glances back at Gem as she ran. Gem looked hot in just her panties and bra chasing her around the server with her shiny diamond sword. Pearl lead Gem towards her base and walked through a dispenser. As soon as Pearl passed it, she placed a pressure plate down and moved out of the way. Gem walked over the pressure plate and the dispenser activated. She felt it shoving a pair of pants up her legs.

"What the-" Gem slowed down as she processed what just happened.

"Oh don't act surprised, you always steal my clothes. So I'm just giving you some for free," Pearl said.

"When we're playing TCG Pearl, I steal your armour when we're playing TCG. Context is important here," Gem stated.

Pearl chuckled. "Well now I'm giving you my valuable pair of netherite leggings for free. You're welcome."

"Pearl, I don't look good with netherite on. I prefer my trimmed diamond armour," Gem replied.

"Well, I think it suits you," Pearl responded.

Gem rolled her eyes, "Ugh, whatever, I'm going home," She equipped her elytra and jumped off to fly home.

Pearl decided to work on her ballroom for the rest of the day.

###

About 10 minutes later, Gem returned and started punching Pearl. "Pearrrrrl. What's wrong with my pants?!"

"Ow, quit punching me. What do you mean?"

"I can't take them off."

"Oh. Right," Pearl started laughing.

"What's so funny? You still haven't answered my question," Gem complained.

"I may have put curse of binding on those pants," Pearl replied.

"WHAT?!?! WHY would you do that Pearl?!" Gem screamed.

"Cause I thought it'd be funny," Pearl replied.

"Well, I don't like these pants. How do I take them off?" Gem asked.

"You gotta take them off the hard way. And you usually like stealing my clothes, what's wrong with this pair of pants?" Pearl replied.

"It doesn't match my style. I already told you I like my trimmed diamond armour better. Now come bam me in the bunker. I need you to help me get these pants off," Gem said as she shifted her weight around like Mumbo.

"Interesting choice of words," replied Pearl.

"Oh, just shut up and help me already," Gem responded.

###

Gem and Pearl entered the BamBunker.

"Ok, I think the easiest way to do this is just wacking you with my netherite sword until the pants come off," Pearl suggested.

"Just hurry up and do it already!" Gem said.

Pearl started striking the netherite leggings with her netherite sword. About 1 minute in, Gem interjected, "Hold on Pearl, I'm taking too much damage. I need to eat some food to heal up before we continue."

They looked in the BamBunker's fridge and found only large quantities of melon slices.

"Who the hell stocks up a bunker with melon slices????" Gem exclaimed. "They're a terrible and perishable food source."

"This is Scar we're talking about," Pearl said. "He makes a lot of decisions that don't make sense. Did you hear about the public bathrooms he installed in here for his big theme park? I thought he wanted to keep the BamBunker's location secret."

"Ugh yes, unfortunately I've been there before. Worst bathroom experience ever! The lines are constantly sooooo long!" Gem complained, she continued to pace the room looking for other food sources.

After about 5 minutes of searching, they both concluded that the melon slices were the only source of food in the BamBunker. So Gem started eating them to recover her health.

"Hmm, these are surprisingly fresh and tasty, they must have a farm nearby," Gem commented.

"Yeah you're right, these are quite tasty," Pearl said as she tried a few herself.

Pearl continued to strike the cursed pants while Gem continued to eat melons to ensure she's recovering the hearts she's losing from Pearl.

About half an hour later, Pearl noticed that Gem was squirming around. She was afraid that the squirming would cause her to mis-strike her pants.

"Are you getting tired of standing? Do you wanna lie down on the table while I do this?" Pearl asked.

"Y- yeah, that's a good idea," Gem replied. "How much longer do you think this will take Pearl?"

"The armour looks like it's starting to crack. So I think it's gonna be another hour or two," Pearl responded.

"Do you think you could wack me faster? I've got errands to run later today," Gem requested as she rubbed her legs together.

"Ok, just make sure you're eating enough melons to keep up then," Pearl replied.

Gem squeezed her legs together as she sat down, then she lied down on the table as she continued to let Pearl strike her leggings.

10 minutes later, the faster striking was working, the armour was cracking a lot faster now.

"Ugh, I'm getting sick of eating all these melons Pearl."

"Well, they're necessary if you don't want to die. Just put up with it a little while longer, the cracks in your pants are getting bigger. At least the melons are tasty, right?"

"My taste buds started disagreeing after about the hundredth melon," Gem said.

The thing about melons is that they're a terrible food source. They barely provide any saturation, which means you would need to eat a lot of them just to heal a small number of hearts. That, and the fact that melons are 90% water...

Another 20 minutes passed and Gem started squirming again. She was rubbing her legs together and squeezing them. Pearl was getting more concerned that this would lead to mis-strikes.

"Gem, could you stop moving around? I don't want to accidentally hit your body as I'm wacking you," Pearl requested.

"Oh yeah, sore-y, I'll stop," Gem replied.

Pearl smiled, she loved hearing Gem saying the word "sorry" in her cute Canadian accent. Gem stopped squirming around and Pearl continued to strike Gem.

Not 5 minutes later and Gem started squirming again, and it was a lot worse. Gem was shaking around and Pearl got really close to hitting Gem's 6-pack in her latest strike.

"Gem, you're squirming again. What's wrong? Do you have ants in your pants or something?" Pearl asked.

Gem blushed as she opened her mouth to reply. "Well, the thing is Pearl, I kinda need to pee."

"Oh."

"Well, not just kinda, I actually have to pee quite badly."

"Do you wanna take a potty break before we continue then?"

"I would, but some asshole decided to put some curse of binding leggings on me!!!" Gem exclaimed.

"Oh right..." Pearl responded.

"So just hurry up and remove my pants already, it's getting really bad," Gem demanded as she squeezed her legs together tightly.

###

Gem had to pee ever since she returned to her base. That's why she excused herself from Pearl's presence shortly after receiving these pants from her.

When she entered her bathroom and attempted to pull down her pants, she couldn't. That's why she returned to Pearl for help.

###

Each time Pearl struck her leggings, it sent a jolt to Gem's bladder. It was getting really bad.

"How much longer Pearl?"

"Almost, your pants cracks are getting quite large. Just hold it in a little longer and I'll have your pants off."

Something about the way Pearl told her to hold it gave Gem some extra strength. After the next strike, Gem let out a soft groan. To make matters worse, Gem had to constantly eat these high in water melons so that she wouldn't die as Pearl struck her. She felt so bloated, she could feel her bladder pushing on the netherite leggings.

Gem just couldn't help but squirm around constantly. It seems like Pearl has just accepted this as a fact and is being more careful with her strikes, even if it means she's striking her a bit slower.

The squirming continued as Gem couldn't think about anything else other than how badly she needed to pee right now. And that caused Pearl to accidentally strike Gem right where her bladder is. Luckily, it was currently being tightly constricted by her netherite leggings, which protected her bladder from being sliced by Pearl's sword. But the blunt aftershock of the strike hitting metal being so close to where her bladder was sent a painful jolt to her bladder.

"AHHHHHHH!!!" Gem jammed her hand to her crotch and squirmed around a bit.

Pearl noticed and stopped striking for a moment. "Are you ok Gem?

"DON'T WACK ME NEAR MY CROTCH!" Gem exclaimed. She felt her peehole throbbing. She was on the verge of losing it.

"Pearl, I don't know how much longer I can hold it for..."

"I'm almost done Gem, just hold it in a bit longer. It looks like your pants will come off any minute now. May I continue?"

Gem nodded, but continued to keep her hands jammed to her crotch. It was just a bit longer and Pearl told her to hold it, so she will. Pearl had to be extra careful now that Gem's hands were in the area in addition to all her squirming. Carefully, Pearl struck the leggings away from Gem's sensitive areas.

"EEP!" Gem exclaimed. Pearl paused. "Keep going! I just leaked a bit. Ohhhhh, Pearrrrrl please just hurry up!"

Pearl continued, and each strike resulted in Gem leaking a little more. Her panties felt soaked after 5 additional strikes.

Finally, after just one more strike, the netherite leggings exploded. But Gem couldn't take it anymore, her bladder also exploded (figuratively). As soon as her pants came off, a gush of pee flooded out of Gem's crotch. With her hands in the way, her piss just gushed through all the gaps between her fingers. Gem removed her hands from her crotch when she realized how useless it would be to contain the firehose of urine that she was currently pissing out.

Her ginger panties were already a darker colour, and the table she was lying on top of was very wet. Piss was spraying outwards. There was a small gusher emanating from the middle of her panties, and towards the edges of her panties, it was like an umbrella redirecting a torrential rainfall.

Gem closed her eyes as she let the blissful relief wash over her as much as her own urine was soaking her backside. "Ohhhhh," she couldn't help but let out an embarrassing moan of relief.

As her stream slowed down, she looked over at Pearl and realized she was staring at her. Gem got up, walked over to Pearl, and pushed her against the wall. She brought her face up to be less than a centimeter away from Pearl's. With a smirk, she said, "you enjoyed watching that, didn't you?"

THE END

=====

Author's Notes: {{

- Thank you to mourn365 for beta reading this fic!

- I had 2 sources of inspiration for this fic:

- This piece of omo art reminded me that Curse of Binding leggings exist in Minecraft: Cursed Armor by Jailor Eckman

- Not omorashi related, but this clips compilation video really demonstrates how suggestive Gem and Pearl make their dialogue sometimes to entertain the audience. A lot of dialogue in this fic is straight up dialogue that these two have said in this clips compilation: GemPearl Out of Context for 27 Minutes S̶t̶r̶a̶i̶g̶h̶t̶

- Also, I've decided that I'm gonna slowly migrate over to posting my fics exclusively on Ao3. This will be one of the last stories I post on omo.org. You can check out my Ao3 profile here: https://archiveofourown.org/users/GoldenGuard

. Almost every omo fic I've ever wrote is there. You must be logged in to Ao3 to view my fics!

}}

