Wet parliament

Author: GupFan

*000*2020-08-04 20:13

I decided to try to write fanfic about other interesting topics. Azur Lane. And since I am from Russia, we will talk about the "Northern Parliament."

These are extremely nice and kind ships. They like to eat delicious snacks and cook borsch well. And yes, I feel good about the so-called Cranberry. It's actually pretty cute. It is a pity that Aquamin no longer creates content. After all, admit that he did it many times better than mine. I in part should still be used by the translator.

Минск шел по коридору. Ее бедра были плотно прижаты друг к другу, а руки сжали промежность. Она сильно сжала пальцы, пытаясь ущипнуть половые губки. Потому что те могут позволить течь в ближайшее время. Ее мочевой пузырь был полностью заполнен мочой, и изо всех сил она пыталась удержать все это. Вот почему каждый шаг этой милой корабельной девушки превращался в ужасную боль.

Минск остановился и тяжело дышал у стены:

- «Мой мочевой пузырь взорвется».

Девушка изменила свое дыхание и медленно пошла вперед. Через несколько минут она закричала, потому что в ее розовые трусики попала небольшая струя мочи. После нескольких более осторожных шагов, которые позволили ей двигаться максимум на два метра, она почувствовала еще один рывок.

Стоит сказать, что если бы мы могли получить возможность вывозить одежду из Минска. Медленно снимите ее теплое пальто, юбку, а затем аккуратно затяните ее мокрые трусики, тогда вы сможете увидеть выпуклость ее мочевого пузыря. Даже интересно представить, что произойдет, если мы сможем оказать давление на эту выпуклость, хотя результат будет вполне очевидным. Ее шлюзы не титановые.

В какой-то момент она начала чувствовать, что ее пальцы увлажнены большим количеством теплой жидкости. Сначала выпало несколько капель мочи, затем капли попали в струю, которая через мгновение превратилась в струю. Эта желтая река давно не утихла. Хотя это был скорее водопад. Минский оргазм, потому что она наконец-то получила такое долгожданное облегчение. Но в то же время она тихо прошептала про себя: «Нет! Нет! Нет!». Девушка старалась изо всех сил остановиться, но было уже слишком поздно. Под ней стала появляться огромная желтая лужа. Лужа перестала расширяться только после двух минут течения потока, когда в него медленно падали последние желтые капли.

Девушок нога не ощущались STRENGHT держать ее тело , и она упала в лужу собственной мочи. Слезы катились из глаз Минска. Она считала себя чрезвычайно сильной девушкой, способной терпеть столько, сколько нужно. Но здесь она сидит и плачет. В этот момент чья-то рука легла ей на плечо. Это была Аврора.

- «И это та самая девушка, которая сказала, что может терпеть столько, сколько нужно». - улыбнулась Аврора

«Я не мог этого вынести, Аврора. У меня была всего пара минут, чтобы пройти в свою комнату ...» - девушка ответила сквозь слезы, и ее руки все еще сжимали ее ноги.

- «Ну ... ну, не плачь. Я сейчас уберусь здесь, а ты иди переодевайся», - ответила Аврора.

Минск упал в ее комнату весь в слезах. Войдя в ванную, она начала осматривать себя. Мокрые руки, на которых еще остались капли. Ее бедра тоже были мокрыми. Нет, все ноги девушки были мокрыми. Она стянула с себя одежду и медленно сняла трусики. Частично было даже приятно снять их, хотя они были довольно липкими. Девушка быстро поняла, почему ее трусики были такими липкими, и просто решила пойти в душ. Не сейчас. Когда она приняла душ с мылом и вышла в коридор, все было снято. А Аврора просто ждала ее. Тогда обе девушки обнялись, и Минск тихо прошептал:

- « Спасибо за все, Аврора».

Другая корабельная девушка просто тихо погладила Минск по голове.

Если у этого фанфика будет один комментарий, я напишу рассказ о омораши о корабельной девочке "Советская Россия". И напиши свои идеи, как эта девушка попала в аварию. Это тема о Северном парламенте.

Это Минск.

*002*2020-08-06 06:53

{{On 05.08.2020 at 08:00, wether said:

Очень приятно бидеть рассказ по русском языке

}}

I think that I was translated this

Я думал что я его перевел.

*003*2020-08-06 06:59

{{On 8/4/2020 at 11:13 PM, GupFan said:

I decided to try to write fanfic about other interesting topics. Azur Lane. And since I am from Russia, we will talk about the "Northern Parliament."

These are extremely nice and kind ships. They like to eat delicious snacks and cook borsch well. And yes, I feel good about the so-called Cranberry. It's actually pretty cute. It is a pity that Aquamin no longer creates content. After all, admit that he did it many times better than mine. I in part should still be used by the translator.

}}

Minsk walked along the corridor. Her hips were tightly pressed against each other, and her hands squeezed the perineum. She pressed her fingers hard, trying to pinch her sex sponges. Because those may will let flow in nearest time. Her bladder was completely filled with urine and because of all her strength she tried to hold it all. That is why every step for this cute ship girl turned into terrible pain.

Minsk stopped and breathed hard against the wall:

- "My bladder's going to explode."

The girl changed her breath and slowly went ahead. After a few minutes, she screamed, because a little stream of urine came out into her pink panties. After a few more cautious steps that allowed her to move a maximum on two meters she felt another jerk.

It is worth saying that if we could get the opportunity to remove clothes from Minsk. Slowly remove her warm coat, skirt, and then gently tighten her wet panties, then you can see the bulge of her bladder. It is even interesting to imagine what would happen if we could put pressure on this bulge, although the result would be quite obvious. Her gateways are not titanium.

At some point, she began to feel her fingers moistened by a lot of warm fluid. At first several drops of urine came out, then the drops went into the stream, which after a moment became a jet. This yellow river has not subsided for a long time. Although it was more likely a waterfall. Minsk orgasmed, because she finally received such a long-awaited relief. But at the same time, she quietly whispered to herself: "No! No! No!". The girl tried her best to stop, but it was too late. A huge yellow puddle began to appear under her. The puddle ceased to expand only after two minutes of flow of the stream, when the last yellow drops slowly fell into it.

The ship girls's legs was not felt strenght to hold her and she fell into a puddle of her own urine. Tears rolled from Minsk's eyes. She considered herself an extremely strong girl, capable of enduring as much as necessary. But here she sits and cries. At that moment, someone's hand fell on her shoulder. It was Aurora.

- "And this is the same girl that said that she could endure as long as necessary". - Aurora smiled

"I couldn't endure it, Aurora. I only had a couple of minutes to go my room..." - The girl answered through tears and her hands were still clutching between her legs.

- "Well...Well, do not cry. I'll clean up here for now, and you go change clothes. "- Answered Aurora.

Minsk fell into the her room all in tears. After entering the bathroom, she began to examine herself. Wet hands on which there were still drops. Her hips were also wet. No, all the legs of the girl were wet. She pulled off her clothes and slowly took off her panties. Part of it was even nice to take them off, although they were pretty sticky. The girl quickly understood why her panties were so sticky and simply chose to go into the shower. Not now. When she take a shower with soap and went out into the hallway, everything was removed. And Aurora was just waiting for her. Then both girls hugged and Minsk quietly whispered:

- "Thank you for all, Aurora".

Another ship girl simply quietly stroked Minsk on the head.

If this fanfic have one comment I will write omorashi story about ship girl battleship "Soviet Russia". And write you idea how this girl have accident. This toppic about the North Parliament.

This is Minsk.

{{On 8/4/2020 at 11:13 PM, GupFan said:

}}

