Strike witches. Karlsland omorashi union

Author: GupFan

*000*2022-03-27 22:09

Chapter 1

When I first started writing this fanfiction, I only wanted to make one remark about it. Specifically about the fact that I had to use a translator to get certain sentences and combinations right, because my english is not well, but due to the events that have started in the world, I'm doing a second one.

Let there be war only in the world of witches and only against a common enemy.

19 May 1946

It was too much even for her strength. It felt like her bladder was about to burst inside her. Throughout the day, Gertrude Barkhorn tried to keep the urine inside her and resisted with all her might the urine that was about to burst out. Every step turned into agony, and it was especially hard when the girl tried with all her might to keep it when flying. She could not start urinating in front of Hartmann, much less during a dogfight. That would have shown her weakness and become a wild cause for ridicule for the next few months. And Erika would be reminded her about it for at least a few more years.

So you had to try to endure it with all your might. What right now was striving to penetrate outside, and had already dampened her delicate, white panties. The sphincter was the only muscle that Trude, with all her desire, could not strengthen with her witching abilities. So at this moment, every step was a mad game that could end in defeat at any moment. But a moment that blended into eternity. Warm, yellow droplets were already dripping slowly down her thighs and shins, and some were falling with a clatter on the wooden floor.

It was a real bullying that the girl applied to her body, and soon grasped her crotch with all her might, feeling that the impending blow to her tender hole, would be her last. Her hand squeezed her crotch as tightly as the girl could allow, but even that didn't stop the liquid from gradually leaving her body. And soon a small stream, effortlessly, like a projectile, pierced her wet panties and spurted out into the so timely hand that had been set up. Immediately attempts were made to stem the flow, which were dismayingly unsuccessful. The girl was only a few steps away from the toilet, but could not take a step, gradually pouring urine into her panties from her overflowing bladder. Her dam was crumbling and her unbreakable will, after all, had found an opportunity to collapse. It was over. Fluid was bursting out through her urine canal and nothing could contain it, and the feeling her bladder felt was too relaxing to stop.

- Nooo! - Shouted the girl, trying with all her might to stop what could not be stopped. - I couldn't do it.

- You so pathetic. - Said Erika as she stood behind Trude's back.

- You...You... Please don't look at me!!!

But Erika continued to watch the urine run down Trudi's legs and chuckled slightly as her friend struggled to stop. Hartmann knew it was no longer possible, and that Gertrude just had to stop abusing herself. It was no longer possible to resist and she should just give in, and preferably pull up her uniform so she wouldn't have to wash anything but her panty. When the long, seemingly eternal stream of urine subsided and Trude, no longer able to stand up, sank quietly into a pool of her own urine, Hartmann gently walked over to her and put a hand on her shoulder.

- Are you all right?

- Yes.

Hartmann reached out and helped Trudi to stand up, seeing drops of yellow liquid falling from her feet. The girl in the black uniform sniffed slightly and drew an interesting conclusion.

- It doesn't smell bad.

- What are you speaking about?

- Of course about your urine my little Trudi.

A happy smile appeared on the girl's face, and she slightly tousled her short hair and looked around the puddle. It felt as if she was mocking Gertrude on purpose, making special remarks about this accident. She examined the puddle long and carefully and then looked at Gertrude and quietly concluded.

Or rather not. This conclusion was short and clear, but extremely on positive tones that surprised Gertrude herself. It seemed that her friend was not mocking her. Erika reminded her of Ursula, and in those moments when it came to researching some kind of mechanism. This time it was the same, only now her usual face had changed to the appraising face of a professional scientist.

- Ok, I'd say you were holding urine for about 9 hours and 38 minutes. Not a bad result for a novice witch.

- What!?

Gertrude was extremely surprised by what Erica had said, or rather by the fact that she had calculated the time for which Gertrude had held her bladder extremely perfectly. It seemed incredible and mind-boggling to the heart and soul. After all, how can you tell by the sight of a puddle poured on the floor how long that urine was inside a person. While the captain of the 501 wings was figuring out why Erika had come to this conclusion, the pretty girl across from her gave her own answer.

- This is one of my ultimatum magical abilities. I've been hiding it, but I can tell by the amount of urine it's been in my bladder for how long.

- This is so amazing! – Said Gertrude to answer.

In any case, it became clear that Erika had begun to watch Gertrude despair right from the moment she put on her striker today.

The fact that the girl allowed herself to do such a thing at first might have caught the proud Carlsland girl off guard. But Gertrude knew that in her position she could not be proud. She could still feel her bare heels feeling the puddle of warm, hot urine in which she was standing. How the droplets still on her thighs were slowly running down them. And there was also the extremely noticeable sensation of warm and soaked white panties sticking to her pussy.

The latter was one of the most unpleasant and uncomfortable experiences one could have at the time. Primarily because Gertrude felt slightly sexually aroused as she tried to cover her soaked knickers with her hands. Her hands were not very tight against her crotch anymore, but she could feel how good it felt when she touched her clitoris, albeit purely casually, with wild embarrassment.

At a certain point, Hartman looked at her friend and smiled. A pleasant breeze blew in through the window and both girls grinned slightly. Still, no matter how much Trude cried, it was impossible to change what had happened. She really couldn't hold her bladder like a little girl. So the point of embarrassment was gone and when the girl in front of her returned to normal, Erika continued.

- Okay Trudi. We have to clean up now. I'll get a rag and a bucket and you take your panties. - Erika was right, because walking around in wet panties wasn't very pleasant, and Gertrude obeyed the commands.

- I can't believe it's me doing your commands. – answered Gertrude slowly pulling her soaked panties down.

Indeed, Gertrude seemed to be senior to Erika in rank, but now she was just not in a position to be in charge. Still, she was being offered a friendly helping hand. And in this situation it was not worth refusing. Gertrude had once helped Erika, when she had been shot down by a high speed neuroi, and although that situation was not comparable to what was happening now. Still, no one's life was at stake here.

Barkhorn's body had exhausted its strength in the course of trying to keep all that urine inside her bladder. She looked somewhere on the floor, where the puddle of urine was slowly disappearing, as Erika cleaning by the rag there. However, after the puddle was gone, Erika looked at her friend and gently moved her hand under her pussy. It got wet very quickly, but Erika quickly stopped the movement and then looked again at her friend's face. The most amazing thing about it was that she was looking from down to up. She no longer felt the oppressive and overpowering superiority of the girl standing beside her.

Erica touched Gertrude's pussy again and then kissed her gently on the neck. She only heard a light moan in response, full of pleasure and despair. And this time that despair was caused by helplessness, not by a full bladder and a minute-by-minute weakening sphincter, as it had been ten minutes ago. Although what was happening then could also be called that word. Helplessness. That was the feeling that never left Gertrude.

- Hartmann...Please.

- Please what? - The girl whispered softly and licked her friend's neck again.

However, Erika was far from sadistic, and she didn't want to make her friend cum in the corridor, so she quickly removed her hand. Hartmann shifted and spread the fingers of her hand, watching as Trudi's piss and warm juices gently mingled on her arm. Both girls looked at each other. There was a slight smile on Erika's face as she licked the fingers of her right hand. And then she added, barely audibly.

- Welcome to the Karlsland omorashi union, Yep!

(For those who may not know the characters, Gertrude Barkhorn on the left and Erika Hartmann on the right)

$$

I plan to include almost all the Karlsland characters in the fanfiction, however, this part is only the beginning. And later on, we'll have a lot of girls trying out different methods of holding urine in different clothes and states.

*001*2022-04-09 20:07

I have apologise. I haven't forgotten about this fanfic.

Chapter 2

Edyta Rossman sat in front of the 502 Wing Commander and smiled wryly. She performed her task how sensei and taught her commander Gundula Rall to retain as much urine as Rall needed. But every time you learn something there is a hard and difficult exam waiting for you at the end, isn't there? Here, too, Rall finds herself in an interesting situation, because according to her sensei's law, the exam is a competition to hold urine. It's not a competition against anyone else, but against the Sensei himself. The clothes for this were the least suitable, as Rall was in a hurry to pass the exam. The two of them wore their military uniforms and stayed in them. The examination was conducted at the table and everything was ready for it, including a few glasses of water on each side. Rall had been preparing to join the Karlsland omorashi union for a long time and she did not want to lose such a chance.

Both girls simultaneously took first pair of glasses of water that was on the table and began to drink carefully from it. They both emptied glasses almost simultaneously. After waiting for about a minute, Gundula Rall and Edita Rossman drank another pair of glasses. Finally, the last pair was left on the table, in which no longer water was poured, but black Orussian tea.

Then the wing's flight instructor looked out the window where clouds were slowly floating over St Petersburg and she smiled. Then the smile shone on Rall's face as well and each of them was well aware that they had just poured about a litre of liquid into themselves. It was unclear how long it would be before this liquid reached the girl bladders, but one thing was clear. They wanted to see the main thing as quickly as possible - each other's despair.

- Commander Rall, why don't you stand down? After all, the ordeal is extremely difficult. No one has ever managed to hold urine on longer than I have. At least on the eastern front.

- Don't even hope to get out of this wonderful competition that easily. I've been training my body for a long time. However, you're partly right and we certainly can't do without a judge. Should we call here Krupinski?

Edita Rossman burst out laughing in response. As long as she had the opportunity, for when her bladder was full there would be no strength to laugh so loudly.

- Waltrude is certainly not the judge we need. Unless you want her to lick your pussy at the end.

- I'd think twice if I were you, because she's great in bed after all. Every movement of her fingers sends her to heaven.

- Please don't be so intrusive. I have an "experience" with her and would like her to share it with you.

- Well maybe her refereeing would indeed be unnecessary.

Both girls laughed a little, but failed to take into account the fact that they were being overheard. They were, of course, overheard by Waltrude, who was incredibly eager to know what they would be discussing in such an incredible competition. Krupinski was extremely pleased that her talent for work with tongue was perceived with such subtlety and idealism. However, despite her desire to sleep with both of the girls present in this office, she was expressing mild disgust at their words. The problem was that she didn't think omorasi was sexy. Although she was part of an Karlsland omorashi union, she regarded it as a pleasurable pastime and only occasionally. Moreover, she did not understand how one could love a girl who became wet without her help.

Still, she was keen to hear what Rossman and Rall were talking about, locked in a room. Still, it was extremely interesting for her to follow the contest at least that way. Yes, she could not get in, but the thought of what a wet bottom Commander Rall might look like already amused her. She shook her head slightly, trying to get the thoughts out of her head. After all, it wasnt up to her to get her commander wet. And it certainly couldn't be attractive sexually, could it?

Good, let's leave this lesbian with her thoughts on whether omorashi can be sexy and get back to our contestants and their condition.

Time passed quite quickly at first. And rightly so. It always goes fast in the beginning of omorashi competition. Although both girls were well aware that their bladders were filling up at the moment and the whole system was filtering the huge amount of fluid that had entered their bodies. But they were still having a quiet time talking to each other and looking at the clock. Still, there was always been topic something to talk about. And one of them they got hooked on quite firmly.

- Come to think of it that way, I can think of one good coffee shop that serves excellent wine and food. It seems to have been opened by someone from Gallia. - - Modestly found a similar topic Gundula.

- Oh, I know what you mean! Isn't this that great place that serves incredibly tasty pâté with black caviar on top? I adore the place and I confess, I love going in there when I get my military officer's pay and immediately losing it on a beautiful evening.

- Oh, it's unbelievable! And this is our instructor Rossman who loves order, precision and rationality. – Answered Rall.

- However, no man is without sin or vice and I have the right to spend my wages as I wish. In the end, only the gods can judge us.

And so the day slowly passed into the evening, and finally both girls felt what they had been looking for all along. The pressure inside each girl's bladder began to increase as it filled. And now it was beginning to be felt and if it was not already strong, it was only a matter of the next hour. But needless to say, this hour would already be a little more drawn out. I'm not saying they're on the edge now. It's just that the amount of liquid flowing in their bludders there has started to increase dramatically and normally in this state everyone of this girls would have agreed to go to the toilet by now. But one had to keep sitting and waiting and it was only now that Gundula realised her unfortunate position.

The problem was not even caused by a full bladder, as it may seem, but it was filling up quite quickly. It was the fact that the girl was wearing a much-needed therapeutic magic corset for healing purposes. This garment was designed specifically for her to help her heal a badly healed wound on her back and spine. Even though she could walk comfortably, it was the thing that could prevent her bladder from expanding. She looked at Edyta Rossman with a slight pleading look in her eyes and she immediately said.

- Sensei, can I take it off?

- Of course Gundula, take it off. It would be a little unfair if I won in such a ridiculous way.

Rall slowly unbuttoned her corset and it seemed even now to be easier to hold her urine in.

Time began to drag on terribly slowly, and soon it became clear to both girls that this contest was dragging on. After all, usually many give up when the urine has already started to demand to be let out with all its might but both girls were still not very active in holding it in. But each had already put their legs together up to their knees and were rubbing them vigorously from time to time in the hope that she would be the one to win. The body, of course, had its own plans for each, and it was Edita Rossman who began to feel the first anxious sensations.

She pressed her thighs together and rubbed them. She knew full well that with all her skills it was almost impossible to hold out longer than Commander Rall. Her thoughts were filled with notions of how small her bladder was compared to what was inside her commander's body. She tried to remember if her commander had been desperate during the mission. But she couldn't. She didn't know if Gundula had ever been on the verge of having her bladder full.

But the desire not to give up and show her abilities to the best of her ability also filled her mind, and so Edyta Rossman had no intention of backing down and she dicided fighting to the end. Her heels rested on the front legs of the chair and her knees began to rub tensely against each other. This was in radical contrast to the emotions her commander was feeling at the moment. The commander's bladder was also filling up, but she was not yet feeling any desperate urge to go to the toilet. It was unpleasant and she could feel the pressure that was taking its toll on her already slightly tired sphincter from such abuse. She sighed softly and then slowly and gently moved her right hand to her crotch. Then the girl squeezed her crotch lightly and felt a slight relaxation. It really made her feel better to hold it to more. She used to think that it was only a fiction that hands tightly plugging the exit could hold anything. But so her opinion had changed dramatically today.

- Ooh...I have to pee! - Edita declared loudly and forcefully shoved her hands into her underwear.

She touched her naked pussy and at the same second felt her fingers take on a few drops of urine. She pissed in her own hand. It was the first time someone had forced her so close to the edge and only now did Rossman realise how close she was to wetting herself.

- Is your bladder full yet? Unbelievable... - Concluded Rall, but her body also gave an incredibly strong urge to urinate. – Mmmph

Unlike Rossman, Gundula was hardly adapted to holding her bladder for long periods of time. And so, for her, even such a condition, when the full allowable limit has not yet been reached, is critical. She could just feel the droplets about to seep out and she clutched her legs tighter trying to keep it inside her. But there was definitely not enough strength and she could feel her panties getting wet.

At this point in her sitting position, Rossman leaned back slightly and then leaned forward again. The girl did everything in her power to prevent any further leakage into her panties. She felt as if a slight chill was running through her body and her consciousness was slowly drifting to the edge of reality. It seemed as if an ocean was splashing inside her, and the usual St. Petersburg rain, for any time of the year, only made it worse. However, it was not Editha, accustomed to this weather and often enduring the piss under it, who was the first to succumb to it, but her commander.

Rall's body protested sharply against the possibility of listening to the rain and spat out a small leak. It hit the girl's panties and slightly wetted them. The girl moaned slightly after which she moved one of her fingers right in front of what she assumed was her urethra and pressed down hard. The trickle leaving her body slowed slightly and soon stopped. This process of struggling with the fluid leaving her was noticeable and one could hardly help looking at the girl at such a time.

- Oh commander, I can't take it anymore. - Rossman moaned softly. - Please give in to me this time.

- I'm sorry dearie, but I don't intend to lose this battle to you. Besides, I'm just waiting for the rain to pour down from your body.

- Ah...I'm so close to failing! That feeling! Ahh...

Edita groaned. She leaned forward and literally shoved a finger into her urethra. She was doing her best to keep her dam from bursting and her urine pouring outside. But it was a lost cause, for she was at her limit. Her bladder would no longer hold an ounce of fluid. But the struggle could not be stopped. She had to fight. Fight his body to the very end. And again, when the muscles weakened, to find new strength and plug them into the fight. However, all her muscles were already in tension. Her body was beginning to tremble with fatigue, despair and overwork. Everything in front of her eyes gradually swam and grew darker, no matter how hard she tried to contain it. Tears slowly streamed down her cheeks as she strained her sphincter one last time before losing any control over it.

- Aaah! Noooooo!

Rossman's body shuddered even more as a warm, yellow stream gushed out, flooding her fingers, pants, uniform and chair. The young girl experienced something close to an orgasm when she realised that her body had finally eased against her will. She had lost this fight and no matter how hard she tried to stop the flow, she had absolutely no luck.

At this point a strong stream left Rall's body as well, but she managed to rise from her chair and, leaving a streams and drips behind her, walked over to the bucket that had been left for the victor. The bucket had been left on purpose in the belief that he might not have the strength to walk to the common toilet. And there may be questions amongst non-members as to why the girl is begging to use the toilet so much. As Rall released her urine into the bucket there was a loud metallic clang, which was quickly replaced by a quiet gurgling and hissing of urine filling the bucket. The girl did not even have time to remove her panties before her dam collapsed, but the fact remained that she had managed to defeat her sensei in a fair fight. Edyta Rossman, on the other hand, watched as her urine flowed out and created a puddle on the floor. Her hands still clasped tightly between her legs felt her sleeves getting wet.

- I lost... - Edythe said barely audible.

- Yes you have failed Miss Rossman. - Relaxed and loud, Rall said.

- Why hasn't it stopped yet?

- And you mean my stream? Well... have a little more urine in me. – answered Rall.

Both girls got busy cleaning up what they had left behind. Gundula also had to wipe her chair and the floor as her body let out huge streams towards the end. Two things changed that day. The first was that a student became a teacher, and the second was that Gundula Rall officially joined the Karlsland omorashi union.

*002*2022-05-03 19:15

Chapter 3

Waltrude Krupinski felt the ropes nastily squeezing her wrists, and by themselves chained the girl firmly to the iron pipe. This pipe in the famous 502nd Joint Fighter Wing, the Brave Witches, is used to punish breakdowns of technical equipment, breaches of discipline and other misdemeanours. In fact, it is also customary to hang a sign on the offender that states in Japanese the reason why that person is here, as it is one of the international languages of this world. Getting here is commonplace for Nipa, Kano or Valtruda. Or rather, they're not exactly the most frequent guests at this oddball punishment pipe.

Commanding what you will find yourself at this place is the famous Orusian ace Alexandra Ivanovna Pokryshkina. It was useless to argue with this girl, who had distinguished herself in battles throughout Orussia, as was her record. Early in her career she had defended Kiev, Minsk and Moscow, and now her forces were being used to defend St Petersburg. This witch, like many unusually young, however, is recognised as a combat veteran. And there was little anyone could say something to Sasha, who chained you to that iron pipe with some sort of disgraceful plaque. And even if you wanted to, the authority of a strong Slavic girl quickly put you in your place. At heart, however, Alexandra was kind, gentle and peaceful, but she skilfully hid it behind the face of a fine officer.

And now there was a sign on Krupinski with a rather short but very clear inscription. In fact, it wasn't even an inscription, but a small drawing that showed the broken module schematically. It was clear and understandable for those who wanted to know the reason for the girl's odd situation. Yes, hard times for the city are over and the supply of food and weapons is no longer a problem, but Alexandra is still extremely frugal. After all, Sasha has the Orussian front under her belt, where the necessary resources were not always at hand. At least ammunition was always plentiful.

Waltrude looked up and down at the ceiling for a while. All she knew was that she would soon need someone's help. There was no way she could go to the bathroom like that, there were no containers nearby, and with her hands tied you couldn't take your clothes off either. So far, Krupinski has not had such a strong desire to use the toilet or even a hint of despair.

The girl just felt somewhere on the edge of her subconscious that the urge to go to the toilet would build up from now on. Right from that moment on, it would become something tangible and demanding to be released. However, she just sighed and kept waiting, amusing herself in various ways, hoping that at least someone would come and check on her. But the clock hanging on the hangar wall was slowly tapping its rhythm. But no one appeared.

She has been a long-time member of the Karlsland omorashi union and has had her bladder tested more than once for its strength and ability to endure for a long time. But she has never done so in public. Despite her ability to flirt and have sex with girls, she did not feel like urinating in front of anyone. Besides, many men were working in the hangar and were now and then fixing and repairing something in the equipment and in the launching facilities. And to do it in front of a man was, to put it mildly, simply disgusting.

- Maybe I am after all... - The girl looked at the guy who was repairing her own module, broken yesterday. - No, that doesn't make any sense.

At that moment the girl blushed and realized that she had said it out loud. Very quietly, but her voice trailed off her tongue, but luckily dissolved into the working hustle and bustle of people. But the feeling slowly became more tangible and more valid.

If one could measure everything, the girl would estimate her bladder to be about 85% full. But so far her body was still able to hold it in without any suffering. But she just knew that over time the feeling would build up and build up inside her. And there was nothing she could do to stop it. On the other hand...No! She is a grown-up girl and an ace of the Luftwaffe and she will definitely wait for some girl from her wing, well, or at least Sasha.

But the mere thought that she might have to endure hours rather than minutes made her weak. And looking at the clock, only encouraged her bladder to collapse, for the hand was going so slowly down it. Every few minutes became long and drawn out, like nougat. But, Waltrude decided to do as she usually did on such occasions. She began dividing the time into segments of ten or five minutes and after each one, praising herself morally. Such actions usually helped her to endure for a very long time and she hoped to keep the urine to herself in the same way this time.

Time passed treacherously slowly and the girl glanced at her watch, then lowered her eyes to the concrete floor. Her hands were beginning to ache a little from the ropes squeezing them, and the feeling of fullness was becoming more and more pronounced. The container inside her body was quite full. Here it was worth remembering the nuances of how she had spent her day.

It was difficult to pinpoint the exact time she woke up, since today was without alarm, at least in the morning, and she was safely able to visit the bathroom almost first. Then the girl prepared breakfast for the others. She would probably have cooked some abomination if it had not been for the lovely Georgette, who ran into the kitchen in time to help Waltrude. The mere thought of the beautiful Georgette being by the girl's side made her slightly aroused. It wasn't that she had a huge crush on this particular pretty gallic girl, rather Georgette was just liked by everyone in the wing. Thoughts of her friend's beauty and how nice it was to cook food distracted Waltrude from her condition.

But after just a few minutes of such thoughts, she began to remember that she was also making drinks with the same friend. She saw the picture before her eyes of Georgette pouring tea into mugs. For some reason, Waltrude's eyes were focused on the small stream of hot drink flowing out of the teapot's spout. The green tea from Fuso was delicious, but the thought of it brought the girl back to reality. At that moment she thought her inner valve was about to burst and she squeezed her hips. This relieved her, but showed that she could no longer think of anything so that it was not reduced to thoughts of urination.

- Hmmm...Please...let it get better. - Said the girl to herself and rubbed her thighs a little.

Her body, however, acted in the opposite way. It seemed ready to come out soon. But in the next moment the desire receded, and yes, the picture of pouring tea slowly faded into deeper areas of consciousness. But the girl was still wary of loosening her thighs again. Still the possibility that the incredibly strong urge to urinate could only be overcome by the action of her legs.

She moved her hips up and down again and her mind was filled with thoughts of what else she could do to make the situation easier. But the thoughts could not come together, for the pressure between her legs, which had become as unpleasant as possible, was her main thought. She felt like grabbing her crotch with at least one hand. To press her fingers against her urethra as hard as she could afford to. But her hands are tied by the rope that holds the girls at this shameful pipe.

- Please don't forget me, Sasha. I'm going to piss myself in here soon...

The girl started rubbing her thighs and looked out one of the hangar windows high above the floor and a small tear rolled down her cheek. She realised that no one in the dormitory would be able to hear from here. And the mechanics she had thought to ask for help had already left. But that did not mean that she, a Luftwaffe ace and one of the best witches in the world, would admit defeat so easily. She sighed and gathered her thoughts, squeezing her sphincter and closing her thighs tightly. In other words, she prepared to endure with a full bladder for as long as it took. Yes, she had done so before, but now her reputation depended on it and she had to prove that she had not trained her body in vain.

At first, it was easy enough. The body coped well with this boulder inside her body, but after a few tedious minutes. Thirty-eight minutes to be exact, she realised from the clock. So, by this time she realised that the pressure had begun to rise excessively fast. She squeezed her hips tightly and rubbed her knees. After her knees her legs were slightly apart. It was very hard, but somehow she managed to keep herself dry.

- No... Please...

At that moment she felt the first small droplets come out and slip into her panties. She rubbed her thighs, hoping to restrain her body from fully leaking. But time passes and every minute becomes an eternity. The girl's struggle to keep her panties dry is, in a way, lost. Yellow droplets regularly make their way into her underwear. But for now, the fabric of her panties, though wet, can hold the liquid in. Yes, and the girl knows very well that before it starts leaking onto the floor it is not yet very noticeable.

But this battle she is destined to fight. It's her own despair, which she can't win yet, and she has to put up with it. The girl can feel her panties and pantyhose pressing against her bladder. This, in turn, begins to pulsate nervously, occasionally sending out small droplets. She felt small tears come to her eyes and drops of sweat run down her face.

- No...I can't reach the limit...I have to endure this. I can take it! I can!" Waltrude began to say to herself. But every moment was turning into torment. It was too much for her body.

After a few seconds a small trickle came out and the girl began to use whatever methods she could to contain the liquid. She began to apply leg postures that those were unlikely to fall into in a normal situation and soon she felt the flow break. She emerged from the slight trance and took a deep breath before looking between her legs. There flaunted a small, perfectly yellow puddle, and her tights were a little bluer than usual.

- I pissed my pants...

Concluded the girl, but she realised that retreating from this battle as a loser already made sense. Her bladder had not emptied much from this spill, and her strength was almost at an end. Her sphincter, tired from the struggle, would no longer be able to stop another strong stream coming out. The girl had an understanding that her body could just let it go at any time. And why resist right? She was already considered to be wetting herself, which would be impossible to hide.

The thought that finally urinating might be a way out was extremely strong in her mind. But she dismissed the idea. The hope that she would still have time to wait for someone and that she had not been forgotten. More importantly, that she would still have time to use the toilet. She was already imagining herself sitting on the white throne and finally letting the stream out. At that moment a small stream left her body again and she shook her head, with all her might stopping the flow and knocking herself from thinking about peeing.

However, every minute became a torment and every second was an eternity. The full bladder inside the girl seems to be about to explode. She perfectly understood that it was possible to try to endure at least until urine got into her kidneys, but she also understood that such a thing could end in her own death. It became clear that her body simply could not stand it for so long. And would her weakened sphincter be strong enough to retain urine long enough for fluid from her pulsating bladder to reach her kidneys?

Then, behind the pulsing container in her body, her urethra began to pulsate as well, ready to throw out a huge stream of liquid. The battle began to seem completely lost. Waltrude could not even hold her crotch with her hands, and in such a situation, she began to cry. Tears, which had previously just clouded her eyes slightly, began to trickle down her cheeks. She began to try to call out loud for help.

- Commander Rall, Shimohara, Sashaaaa!!! Anyone!

At the same time, she began to feel how a yellow trickle penetrates into her panties again and she, squeezing her hips as tightly as possible, began to rub them. She begged her body to stop peeing, but it was no use. It seemed that everything was over. The girl felt how the pulsation of the urethra changed to the flow of urine, and a warm stream with a slight hiss began to break out.

The girl saw a yellow spot growing between her thighs. Her panties began to get completely wet, and thick pantyhose in the place where the urine touched them became very dark. She felt the liquid spread under her ass as well, creating a pleasant and warm sensation there. In the same place, her uniform was pressed against the floor by her tender ass. It also started to get wet. It is amazing that only yesterday, she personally washed it and now it becomes wet at the bottom. Krupinski began to moan a little.

Still, the relief from this terrible pressure was akin to an orgasm and it was physically impossible to hold back the groan that marks the end of this hellish despair. The girl saw the liquid coming out of her, and a huge puddle growing right under her. And now, after a few minutes of urination, she remained sitting in this puddle and moaning lightly. Her tears rolled down her cheeks, and saliva ran gently down her chin.

At that moment, the clatter of military boots was heard in the corridor and the girl realized that someone was walking and looked down in embarrassment. And below her gaze met a puddle. Sasha entered the hangar, but froze in a slight shock, looking down at Valtrude. In the eyes of the Orussian, shock and slight shame were read. She looked at her friend and untied her hands. Waltrude's hands went down along the body and touched a puddle of warm, yellow liquid.

- I'm so sorry, Waltrude. I... I should be here myself, because I forgot about you. - Alexandra said and gave her hand to Krupinski.

- I don't want to live... I'm disgraced.

- If you want, as an apology, I'll clean up after you...And...Spend the night together?

- Together? That is, you want ... - But Krupinski did not even have time to finish the phrase

- Yes ... Consider a date plus intimacy and sex.

- Will there be wine?

- I have vodka.

- I think vodka will do to me.

Sasha helped the girl to stand up and gently ran her back, all the way to her ass. The girl realized that Waltrude's uniform was also wet. It was very important for Alexandra to keep the budget of the wing, and the cost of laundry is not as cheap as it might seem. In addition, in order to wash such an unpleasantly smelling stain, you will have to spend a lot of time and money. The girl already wanted to say to Krupinski, something like: - "Was it necessary to urinate on the uniform!?" But Sasha didn't say that.

She understood that her friend simply couldn't hold urine. In addition, Alexandra is familiar with such a thing as loss of control over the bladder. And she remembered from her feelings that she could no longer move, when her body could not hold it.

Cleaning everything was no problem. And soon Krupinski looked at the efforts of Pokryshkina. She understood that this girl did not act out of malice. And then. Waltrude today shines a pleasant evening, in fact in the form of an apology. It may even be good that the girl became interested in this topic and joined the Karlsland omorashi union.

I created a continue. There is a backlog in the form of the first three chapters. There are still a lot of girls of German origin in the world of witches. So, it would be nice if I could discuss it all. And I'm also waiting for different ideas where and in what conditions omorashi can be.

*003*2022-06-20 21:26

Chapter 4

Today was an ordinary day for Heinrike Prinzessin Zu-Sein Wittgenstein, which she decided to devote to communicating with her friend. And her friend was none other than Heidemaria Schnaufer herself, who was Karlsland's and the world's most famous night associate. She had more than 100 neuroi destroyed to her credit and these incredible results are something to be proud of. The girl herself felt jealous and yet respectful when dealing with Heidemaria. She was so eager to repeat or surpass her friend's results in the witchcraft that she seemed willing to do anything. But that did not mean that Princess Heinrike was prepared to kill.

After all, she was an aristocrat and she had no right to act so cruelly, but she wanted to put her rival out of war incredibly badly and then the perfect idea was born in her mind. It was so simple and so elementary at the same time that she had to act quickly. She walked over to the peacefully reading girl, who was occasionally adjusting her glasses to get a better look at her handwriting, and offered.

- Heidemarie, what do you think... Should you and I visit the local lake beach? I've just packed the ingredients for a picnic and prepared some lovely swimming costume for you and me.

- Oh...I'm so flattered by your offer, but I can't. I don't like rocky beaches, and the water in the lakes is cold.

- Well, you won't refuse the princess her offer. Besides, do you want to get into the Karlsland omorashi union? No one will see us on the beach and you can take the test in peace with me.

At that moment Heidemarie adjusted her lovely glasses, which had slid down her nose a little, and turned away blushing. She really had longed to join this beautiful association, which, unfortunately, was based on nationality. However, at such moments it was usually said among Karlsland omorashi union members that if you want omorashi, then start your own organisation and we have nothing against it. This was partly Heidemaria's problem. She did not really want to be in such an organisation, because then she would be extremely embarrassed to face her friends from other countries. She was really very concerned about this issue and it was essentially just hers. But it showed what kind of person she was at heart. She was ready to get through to other people just because of such a small thing, which did not affect her life in any way. But the temptation...

The temptation of just wanting to join this organisation and what awaits you in this essentially club, which given girls age, will be around for a long time to come, was eating away at her. She wanted to compete in holding her lukewarm urine inside her swollen bladder and desperately straining her sphincter, exhausted from hours of patience. These were feelings Heidemaria had loved to experience since she was a child, when holding her urine had become her hobby.

This is where it's worth stepping back from the main narrative and delving into Heidemarie's childhood already. This sweet girl with glasses has been interested in omorashi and holding her own urine ever since she was a child. This is primarily due to her journey in this, if I may say so, direction.

The girl's first urinary retention happened at a very young age, as she herself recalled, at the age of twelve. Back then she was not yet a fighting witch with many friends, but she was still much more modest and shy than she is now. And so it was no wonder that every trip to the bathroom at night was a real ordeal for her, especially when she was visiting her friends. The first time, however, was at home, when she woke up in the middle of the night with a sudden urge to use the bathroom. She did not see what time it was on the clock, but she stoically tried to endure until dawn. Luckily for the girl, there was a potty under the bed and when she realised that her muscles were failing and that her urine was beginning to fill her knickers in a small stream, she was able to avoid a full-blown accident.

Since then, however, Heidemarie has regularly become interested in experimenting on herself and her body. First and foremost, in bed. At one point she wanted to try wetting herself fully giving herself the feeling of an accident. By then she was in the region of fifteen years old and already serving as a witch in her country's air force. This meant that she was already living independently on her own means, which eventually led to the second experience of her life.

That is, the girl was so shy that she denied herself the urge to cause an accident until she thought she was old enough and usually broke her holding instantly as soon as the situation became critical. This time, however, she decided to wet the sheets. Thinking back to the day she deliberately peed herself for the first time in her life and then pretending it was an accident, carrying her sheets to the wash, gave her pleasure. But when Heinrike said to conduct such experiments together, and even more so on the beach where they could be seen. That was something that Heidemarie could not bear. Her shyness was higher than that. What her friend wanted to make was above her understanding of the world. She believed that omorashi was something incredibly secretive. And she can't just open up about it.

- I will think about your suggestion. - Heidemarie said modestly and covered her face with a book.

- Don't be shy. Introduce yourself. Just the two of us and not a big rocky beach.

- Good, I agree. But bear in mind Heinrike, I will not tolerate antics and filming of my wetting.

- Don't worry. I swear to you that I will not defame you. You have my word as a princess. – Answered Hainrike and smiled.

The journey to the beach was fairly short. As it turned out, Heinrike had indeed already packed. Everything was enough in her walk. But what was she planning to do to get rid of a rival in every permissible sphere? They walked along the small sandy road until it abruptly broke off. There they turned right into a small forest and walked another few dozen metres. The path began to get quite difficult, but immediately they emerged into an open space where there was a pleasant wild beach.

A small lake in the middle of a predominantly coniferous mountain forest. Heidemarie looked out over the glistening water and occasionally glanced down at her uniform, which was concealed by her beautiful swimming costume. She felt a slight freedom from all constraints. The freedom and exposure to nature had essentially removed her shyness. Even being around Heinrike did not distort her well-being.

Heinrike found a good spot among the rocks. She spread out a towel there. She had a bright smile on her face. She took out the half of a giant watermelon from the basket they had brought with them and placed it on the towel. A knife flashed in her hand and she carefully sliced the watermelon, after which she said

- Heidemarie, sit down and eat this berry.

- I think I'm beginning to understand. This will make me want to go to the toilet. - The girl began to answer melodiously. - And given that I didn't go to the bathroom before I went out, the limit would be reached quickly.

- You sound like an angel, but yes. The point is for you to be holding after eating this beautiful fruit.

Heinrike slowly cut the watermelon into pieces. The juice of the fruit was so mesmerising in such hot weather that it was impossible to take your eyes off it. The watermelon juice flowed off the knife and over the freshly cut pieces. Heidemaria realised that she would have eaten many pieces of the fruit anyway. She immediately, without listening to any orders, carefully took one of the pieces and put it in her mouth. The night witch took a bite and almost immediately swallowed the pink flesh of the fruit. It was so tasty, juicy and sweet that the girl began to devour the fruit without stopping.

In front of Heinrike's eyes, somewhere in the region of six pieces disappeared, after which both girls grinned. The second witch also ate three small triangles and looked at her friend. The fire of commitment to something great shone in her eyes.

- Great. I'll go for a swim and you sit and wait while your bladder absorbs all that liquid.

- Understood.

Time passed and soon enough Heidemarie began to feel that the pressure in her bladder began to increase. Usually at this time, if she was not doing the wetting experiment in bed, she would already be going to the toilet. But now she had one particular task in mind. To keep her bladder from leaking before the scheduled time. But what was that deadline? She never bothered to ask. However, already now, blushing sitting on the stones with her legs tucked under her, the girl decided to hold it in until she lost control.

She occasionally moved her legs and even drank water from a small bottle that was nearby. For some reason she wanted to push herself to her absolute limit as soon as possible. For a while yet Heidemarina could ignore the growing need to urinate. However, it seemed to her that time was beginning to drag on little by little, although the sun was already slowly moving across the sky, heading towards sunset.

The girl concentrated harder as she realised that the pressure was beginning to build a little. Worry and doubt crept into her head. The mere thought that there was a rapidly filling ocean of water inside her body sent her into mild shock. She could not even imagine how much liquid could actually fit inside her body. More minutes went by and soon the pressure became palpable enough girl to start squeezing her legs. Heinrike, on the other hand, was bathing quietly in the lake water and, as you can guess, was peeing in it just as quietly. This made her a pretty bad girl. On the other hand, there were only two people on this beach now, but the princess herself felt terribly ashamed of herself for urinating in the water.

- Heidemarie. How are you doing there? Isn't it hard for you to hold back the piss? - Asked the princess.

- To be honest... I noticed I needed to go to the bathroom. Remind me what my task is?

- You have to hold the urine for as long as you can. You can also use the power of your familiar.

In the next instant, Heidemariе began to use her magical powers. her bird's tail and ears quickly and elegantly revealed themselves. She actually showed that she was actually approaching the edge. The girl could feel her body coming to the point where there were no thoughts left but to urinate. She tried to distract herself from the growing pressure on her sphincter and tried to think of something dry.

For a while she managed to contain this urge at the level of "I really have to pee, but I think I can manage." Over time, however, she began to realize that this condition was changing to "I'm at my limit!" It is a feeling she has not experienced anywhere else except her experiences in bed. Once again she could feel the water balloon inside her rapidly filling to the brim and reaching a critical point. At this time and with this sensation in her bubble, the girl usually already peed herself. But this time, something was wrong. Her body was at its limit, but her sphincter, which usually let in streams of urine by this point, did not release a single drop.

Her sphincter muscles began to clench tighter as she began to apply her magical powers of restraint. And at the same time Heinrike's devious plan was essentially revealed. The princess could only wait for her rival's bladder to burst. The catch is that you may make your muscles stronger by magic, but you can't change the volume of your bladder. Soon it will burst or the urine will rise up to the kidneys, and that is certain death.

Despite the incredible pain that abruptly pierced Heidemaria's swollen and overflowing bladder, she clutched her hips tighter. She shifted her position so that she was essentially sitting on the stone beach by her buttocks and rested her hands on her crotch with all her might. Her belly was slightly swollen where her bladder was located. And her sphincter muscle was convulsing and trembling slightly despite any intensification.

- I can't hold it in any longer! - The girl shrieked, feeling the first couple of drops penetrate her fitted swimming costume.

After a moment and a larger leak in the form of a small spurt came out. This was accompanied by trembling and convulsions of the though strengthened but tired sphincter muscle. A warm, yellow trickle of urine flowed from the girl's urethra into her swimming costume and then made it wet in this place, which could be felt with her hands.

A shiver ran through Heidemaria's body, which she thought was transmitted from her sphincter. She put in her best effort and was soon able, as she thought, to return to a level where there were no leaks. She groaned and tears rolled from her eyes. The pain became quite unbearable. It was clear to her that her bladder was about to burst. Soon the girl lost control for a short while...

- What!? - The witch exclaimed. - I can't start urinating now.

With all her might she squeezed her crotch and as she thought she put her fingers under the place where her urethra was. She began to block the leakage of urine. And then the flow and the slight hissing that accompanied it was interrupted, causing the terrible pain to return again.

Heinrike looked at her and saw the agony in her rival's eyes, but suddenly something stopped her. She was well aware that apart from the rivalry they were also friends. But for some reason she was now putting career and world recognition ahead of friendship. After all, in the future they would all be written about in books as heroes and saviours of humanity. The girl ran to her friend and sat down beside her. There was nothing in her eyes but a desire to help. She lightly touched her trembling friend's swollen bladder and her friend howled in pain. Then the girl whispered softly.

- That's it. Pee.

- But I couldn't take it to the limit yet.

- You're already on it. A further step can be fatal. You want will do this?

Heidemarie relaxed and let the urine come out. The yellow and hot stream began to leave her body in a huge stream under incredible pressure. Her urine quickly overflowed her swimming costume and hit the stones. The witch felt the warmth becoming on her bottom and thighs, and the stream flowed over the stones below, leaving a huge amount of moisture on them. Heidemarie shuddered and exhaled in incredible relief. At last her suicidal hold on her urine was over.

The girls hugged each other and watched as Heidemarie's stream came out without ending and finally stopped. The girl literally collapses into her friend's arms and smiles.

- How's that? Did I pass the test?

- Yes. Much better than most.

Heinrike didn't time how long Heidemarie endured. Or rather, not really. According to the rules of urine retention in the Karlsland omorashi union there are several gradations of time from the amount of liquid drunk. The girls didn't know that, but Heidemarie was the winner in the big leagues, so to speak. Soon they began to pack up their belongings and headed back to the base. Heidemarie was a little uncomfortable walking. She felt that there were still some phantom pains haunting her, although her bladder was intact. But for the first time in her life it had parted so badly and so quickly.

Back at the castle, which was their home base, they went about their business. Heinrike was supposed to fly out on patrol that night. She went quietly into her room and began to put on her diapers. But that's another story.

