An Idea

Author: Gotta_Tinkle!

*000*2017-08-02 18:14

So I had this idea for a fictional omo story. I'm not sure if someone could make a story using this, or if I should try it on my own, but anyway, here is the idea:

A female character (I don't know how young/old) is at a fair. She gets in line for one of the rides. (possibly something fast or bumpy) The line is really long, and suddenly she realizes she has to pee real bad, but she doesn't want to give up her spot in line to find a restroom. Now, the story could go one of two ways:

1. The line is very long, and she cant make it and she wets herself.

2. The line is very long, and she barely makes it. But the ride is very bumpy, and she tries her best to hold it, but cant and wets herself.

I hope someone can make this a real story or at least give me tips on how to write it myself.

*002*2017-08-02 18:23

Thanks for more ideas!

{{34 minutes ago, malegusher92 said:

Definately #2. I would say to make it the best she holds her pee and she has double the fear cause the rollercoaster is very big and scary and on top of that she has to pee, but thinks she'll be ok till the ride is over, and the ride is so intense and bumpy, she floods the whole seat and the guy/girl (your choice) sitting next to her will get soaked as well. You can decide how he/she feels when they get thier pants wet from the peeing girl

}}

*003*2017-08-09 21:18

Ok, so here's an update that I thought would be cooler:

What If she was in line with here BOYFRIEND, and wet herself next to her BOYFRIEND?

I still need to work more stuff out like her age, but maybe someone, (possibly me) could turn this into a fanfic/interactive story?

*007*2017-08-19 20:26

Ok This idea is coming together. But what dose she/ her boyfreind look like?

