Business Inquiries

Author: Golgi

*000*2017-10-21 11:32

This is a story I came up with and wrote in a few hours. I have always read stories and here and enjoyed them and I hope you too can enjoy this. Please be sure to leave any feedback on my writing. Thank you.

Chapter 1:

Evelynn was a 31 year old latina entrepreneur/business owner. She thinks back to just a couple years ago when she opened it, her employees were driven and motivated and that lead to the success of their products. Thing had been going great, she was running one of the only successful businesses run by a latina or even a woman. This didn’t last long though, as the company grew, people became more lazy. Cutting corners, showing up late, turning in assignments late. This caused her business to falter, just last month they had to recall thousands of phones due to a simple error that would have been prevented had her employees paid enough attention.

The wind blew through the marginally opened windows as Evelynn contemplated what to do. Both she and her parents had worked hard to get this company off the ground. From working late nights to taking various jobs to raise money. She couldn’t possibly let it all go just like that.

The sound of her secretary brought her back to reality, “Ms.Velasquez, would you like to take your lunch break now?” Checking the time, she noticed it was 12:01 PM and sure enough she was hungry. Accepting the offer, she stood up and made her way to the door deciding on what to eat. Her friend Mary asked if she wanted to have lunch via text knowing that this was around the time she had her lunch break. Wanting to talk with someone, she agreed.

The clank of her heels accompanied her as she made her way to a new mediterranean place her friend was talking about. The wind howled on this unusually dark day, and she sped along not wanting to get caught in the rain. On this particular day she was wearing jeans that fit her curves and a white blouse. She had tattoos on her right shoulder and stood at 5ft 4in.

Once another couple minutes passed, the view of the restaurant came into view. It was small, and modern, with plants along with mini waterfalls distributed thoroughly through the area. She sat down across from her friend excitedly after not seeing her for a couple days.

As Mary noticed her friend a bright smile encompassed her face. “How are you?” Mary questioned.

Evelynn then began explaining everything that's wrong with her company and the prospect of going bankrupt. Mary being the good friend she is, listened intently. Once things were quiet Mary had an idea.

“Maybe you could get someone to finance you or merge the company.”

“I would probably lose it then. I worked hard and spent everything I have to attain this and to have to sell it off to keep it alive would crush me.” Evelynn countered

Mary thought for a while and finally decided to switch the topic. “Did you see the latest episode of Cooking Cats?”

This got Evelynn's attention, Cooking Cats was a interesting show that either involved cats that could cook or people cooking cats. It varied each week. After talking with Mary for some while the waiter gave them each cups of water, which they both gulped down rapidly.

Conversation slowed as their entrees arrived and they began to check their phones. Finally Mary looked up and said, “Hey it says here that Blum industries released a faulty watch.”

At this Evelynn looked ups, Blum Industries had been a competitor of hers for a while now and having them create a faulty watch would be good for her company. “Really what happened?”

“This article says that when you try and open your messages the watch crashes, they thought at first it was a software issue which would have been much easier to fix, but it's actually something wrong in the motherboard.” Mary said. “Also it says here a potential investor, Mark Whinfield decided to pull out of a deal that would have gave Blum industries new OLED screens.”

“Wow that's great news for me.” For a long while Blum Industries had been eating up more and more of the market share, and having OLED screens would just amplify their success. Both Evelynn and Blum were racing to deliver a smartwatch that people would enjoy, but since Blum had more people working for him he managed to push it out first which would have gained him lots of money had there not been an issue. “Who is this Mark Whinfield guy?” Evelynn finally asked.

Mary was quick to respond with, “Oh he’s this guy that owns a monopoly of companies from science labs to tech innovations. He’s only 35 years old as well!”

“Maybe I should strike up a contract with him, If I were to obtain OLED screens for my products that would for sure raise my stock.”

“You know what you should.” Mary commented.

By the time they had finished their meals and paid for it, Evelynn had drunk 2.5 glasses of water. The food tasted great though and she felt much better going back to work. After her short trek that led her back to her company she was notified that the water in the building had been cut off. Well that wasn’t good. Evelynn called the water company who said the quickest they could turn the water on was in 3 hours.

Sighing Evelynn made her way to her office on the top floor. The recent loss of water made her pay more attention to her bladder, as shall she request relief, it wouldn’t be given to her. She felt fine for now knowing her bladder capacity was quite large, it came with her hips she supposed.

Evelynn decided that with the absence of water it was unfit to keep her employees there. But she along with a select few decided to stay to get some work done. Sitting down at her desk she decided to do some research on OLED screens and if was worth contacting this Mark Whitfield guy.

Looking him up she say he was quite pretty. He owned lots of companies from woodworking places to big science labs with lots of technology. She did some further research and discovered that the reason Mark had pulled out of his deal with Blum was not just because of the watch mishap, but also due to some conservative things that were said by Blum himself. This was good for Evelynn because she and her company were quite liberal.

Evelynn felt a small pang in her bladder bringing her to think about all the liquid she consumed at lunch. The water wouldn’t be turned on for another 2 and a half hours. She finally decided to just hold it in and get back to work.

She began analyzing the market. It was incredibly competitive at the time, and the only way Evelynn figured she could make her company successful was if she had something other companies didn’t have. Something that people want.

An easy sell to anything with a screen on it is a good screen and OLED sure as hell was beautiful. And no company has as beautiful screens as OLED would give them. She quickly got Mark’s email and asked him if he wanted to strike up a deal regarding OLED screens.

Once that was accomplished she regarded a different situation, her bladder. In the half hour that passed, her kidney’s have been hard at work filling her bladder. She knew she wasn’t able to relieve herself until the water was turned back on. She unbuttoned her jeans knowing she was practically the only one in the building, preventing her tight jeans from pushing on her bladder too much and giving it room to expand. She then pressed her thighs together and continued working, bouncing every so often.

Evelynn began to overview the work her employees completed. They had created their own OS that looked much prettier than anyone else's. Another report showed her that they had secured financing and distribution deals for their watch will be released in only a couple weeks.

Evelynn then began reading financial reports, the issue of faulty phones the released a couple months ago had strained their profits and they had now stabilized. She then began to get off topic not really knowing what to do and started to browse her social media. Not much was happening. And finally her train of thought had stopped at one particular station, her bladder. It had filled even more and she was starting to doubt her ability to hold for another hour and 45 minutes.

While there may have been no water, there were still toilets. Evelynn figured she would just use one and flush it once the water was back on. Deciding she would do just that, she stood up. The gravitational pull that her bladder experienced was almost enough to make her spill. She bent over holding herself until the wave of desperation passed. After a while it wasn’t that hard to hold it. She made her way passed the secretary, and to the bathroom. Excited by the thought of relief she tried the door handle which was locked.

Damn

They must have locked the doors so no one used the bathrooms by accident. Evelynn did not currently possess a key as she never really used them. She decided to take a walk through the building to see if there was anywhere she could take a piss without destroying something. Each office was just comprised of a desktop and some computers. After giving up she decided she would return to her office.

Once at her office she had an Idea. The only way Evelynn would be able to relieve herself was if she had something to pee into. That gave her an Idea, she would ask her secretary to get her a 16 oz cup of coffee and she would pee into it.

Rubbing her bottom into the chair to hold in her water, crossing her legs and tapping her foot against the ground. She began to keep herself distracted by looking over business strategies and possible innovations that could become a reality.

Within 10 minutes her secretary entereh her office carrying a 16 oz cup filled to the brim with ice coffee. While her secretary was in the room Evelynn tried to keep herself as composed as possible. Once her secretary left, she began holding herself and rubbing her thighs together again. Evelynn took one look at the coffee cup, and 2 problems came to light. First of all, she would need to drink all of the coffee as there was no place to dump it. The second issue being, she was seriously bursting and there was no way a 16 oz cup could hold it all.

It was either drinking all the coffee and filling her bladder even more, or wait for an hour and a half while her kidneys still filled her bladder. She chose the first option. Drinking the coffee was hard, and it took her 10 minutes to do so. The only thing left in the cup was a few ice cubes which she simply ate wanting as much volume for her piss in the cup as possible.

Drinking the coffee gave her a weird feeling of, ‘you’ll end up in my bladder won’t you’ to ‘hey atleast I can relieve myself… sort of’. At this point her bladder was rock hard, she was bouncing up and down doing her best to stay dry. Not wanting anyone to see her, through the window, Evelynn crouched down and began to undo her pants. The feeling of her bulging bladder being pressed on by her much desired thighs was excruciating. Evelynn slipped her high heels off and proceeded to tear her pants and white cotton underwear off. Crouching bear bottomed under her desk she was about to relieve herself when she heard the voice of her secretary.

“Ms. Velasquez?” She said in a timid fashion.

As quick as lightning Evelynn slipped into her pants and stood up releasing a spurt, but was abolished by her hand, that grabbed her vagina under her desk

“Yes?” Evelynn said in a strained voice trying to keep the lake of piss inside of her.

“Oh sorry to bother you, but I just wanted to let you know that Mr.Whitfield has replied to your request for a meeting.” The secretary said.

“Oh that's great, is that all?” Evelynn responded hurriedly as another spurt made its way out of her urethra, she began to sway sideways in an attempt to contain her piss.

“Yeah, that's all. Are you alright?” Her secretary asked noticing her quick speech and movement.

“NO, I’m alright. You can go back to your desk now.” Evelynn said maybe a bit too harshly.

Her secretary hesitantly backed away from her office and the second she closed the door, Evelynn went back to what she was about to do. She swiftly ripped her pants and underwear off like last time revealing her shaved vagina, and her smooth bottom. As soon as her urethra positioned itself above the cup, she let go of a strong stream that hit the bottom of the cup with a splatter.

‘OOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooohhhhhhhhh’

The noise escaped her without consent as the strain on her bladder diminished and she felt quite aroused.. Within a couple seconds the cup was full and Evelynn mustered the strength in her sphincters to cut off the stream. Sighing as her relief has ended she put her clothes on once again and sat back on her chair, storing the cup of piss in a drawer in her desk. Her need for pee had dropped quite a bit and relative to what she felt just a couple minutes ago, she felt great.

Getting back to work, she opened the email that was sent to her by Mark. As she read she became exceedingly more excited. Mark had agreed to discuss business inquiries over dinner and would end the discussion at his office, just a couple blocks down from where she was. The tone of the email sounded like he wanted to work with her. She responded telling him that the time he gave was fine and she would be there.

There were 45 minutes until Evelynn could relieve herself fully which she greatly desired. The 16 oz that made it out of her only prolonged the inevitable. Evelynn currently sported a fairly bulging bladder. Her bladder didn’t tend to expand much outwards more more to the side.

In the short time that had passed the coffee had made its way to her bladder, this was quite interesting as most liquid takes longer to enter the bladder. This pushed Evelynn to do some research. She found online that, coffee and alcohol enters the bladder in larger contents than water would due to the fact that water is absorbed by the blood stream so not all of what you drink comes out. Alcohol and coffee on the other hand are not absorbed by the blood stream meaning, Evelynn’s bladder in theory should end up being more full than the first time in the sense that 16 oz of water that comes out is replaced by coffee. This made Evelynn nervous.

Right before she had relieved herself, she felt so full the idea of even more perplexed her. That was not counting the water she drank from before was still filtering into her bladder. It had only been 30 mins and Evelynn sure as hell was desperate. For a few more minutes she sat at her desk bouncing up and down rubbing her thighs together. Until she decided to do something productive.

She recalled the bathroom being locked when she first tried about an hour ago, and she wanted to make sure that she could empty herself as soon as it turned back on. Getting up she once again experienced the pain of gravity pulling down on her sphincter muscles, but she ignored it and moved on.

She knew the janitor was still around here somewhere cleaning things and such. She just needed to find him. After 10 minutes of strolling through 3 floors of office, she finally found him, and he happily gave her the keys to the toilet. Although her situation had gotten a lot worse than she predicted. She felt arousal as she caressed her rock hard bladder. She decided to once again, unbutton her jeans and pull her underwear down just a little bit to take pressure off her abdomen region. This helped marginally but she was sure she could hold it for 5 minutes.

She hung around the bathroom closest to her office, until she got a call, at this point she was on the verge of wetting herself.

“Hello?” She answered hoping this call would not take too long.

“This is Ghram Water corporation, we are sincerely sorry about the lack of water for the past couple hours, he hope it wasn't too much of an issue, but we were scared the water was unsafe for human consumption so naturally we had to turn it off. But we are excited to say the problem has been worked out and you once again have water.”

“Thank you so much, it was no trouble.” Evelynn said hanging up. Her bladder had filled so much, she could feel it swish as she took steps. The ocean of piss inside of her was being held in by only her sphincter muscles and she was sure it was about to blow. Pushing open the door, the made her way to the nearest stall.

‘MMMMMMPHHHHH’

The noise emmited out of her as a small spurt made its way out and she was doing everything she could to hold it in. As she opened the door to the stall and got inside, she could feel herself losing. She quickly locked the door, and before she knew it she let go full steam inside her pants, she did not give up though as she ripped them down and plopped her sweet ass down on the toilet.

‘AAAHHHHHHHHHHHH’

The feeling of letting it all go was almost orgasmic. Evelynne peed for 1 minute at full force before it was all out of her. Her abdominal region had decreased in size. She sat there and contemplated what she just experienced for a moment before going back to her office and resuming her work.

To Be Continued...

*004*2017-10-23 09:08

Thanks for the feedback on the previous installment. I hope you enjoy this once and be sure to tell me what you think. Also I’m not sure why these keep appearing in bold, but the bold button seems to be broke. Hope you don't Mind.

Chapter 2:

The day was friday and her diner with Mark was in fact today. It had been 2 days since the incident and that was behind her. Tonight she would strike up a business deal with Mark and bring her company back on top. Over the last 2 days Evelynn couldn’t stop visualizing the business prospects that could happen.

The time was currently 4:30 PM and she was to meet him outside the restaurant at 6:00 PM. Evelynn stood up from her chair, grabbed her coat and began to make her way to her door. The scent of lavender emanating from around the room. She soon reached the bottom floor and left the premise entirely. The city she lived in was so compact that she only needed to walk for a few minutes to reach her apartment. As she exited the building she felt a wave of heat encompass her. Only 2 days ago it had been dark and gloomy and now it had morphed into something sunny and unpleasantly hot.

Wish the damn weather would make up it’s mind. Evelynn thought as she made her way down the sidewalk. Subconsciously she began taking sips from her water bottle. Eventually her bottle of water was downed and she stuck it back in her purse. The city in which she lived in was quite beautiful at the time due to the local government taking measures to clean up trash and tend to the plants.

After a couple more minutes of walking, her apartment complex came into view. It was a tall building with glass sides that gave people the perception of a very modern build which is what it was. After going through the authentication process she made her way to her humble abode which lay on floor 6. It was very airconditioned and the height gave her a great view of the city, which looked especially good at night.

Evelynn rummaged through her fridge and pulled out some diet coke. She took her drink and positioned herself on her couch, turning on the TV. She didn’t usually get free time, but since she had it she may as well catch up on her favorite television shows. Flipping through the shows currently on netflix, she finally settled on a show by the name of Pengish Penguins. She didn’t really know what pengish meant but it sounded interesting to it began to play it.

After about 30 minutes and several pangs from her bladder, Evelynn made her way to the toilet and let loose her flood. After that day where she held to her limit Evelynn felt differently about desperation. Being brought to her limit had aroused her and now she resisted going to the bathroom, not as much as she did that day of course.

Once her waters had been released she had to decide what to wear. Evelynn stripped down all her clothes and took a shower. Once she was done she dried herself off and began to dress herself. Her most comfortable pair of panties had been ruined and she figured it would be nice to feel the breeze against her crotch. She decided a bra was also unnecessary. Evelynn decided to wear a dress that covered most of her cleavage and clung to her curvaceous body ending right at her knees.

Evelynn prefered not to do her makeup as she looked beautiful naturally as many people have told her. In her purse she carries her wallet, pads, and a full water bottle just in case. Deciding she was ready for her meeting, Evelynn stepped outside her apartment building and swiftly flagged down a taxi. 15 minutes later and she was in front of the restaurant and spotted Mark within seconds.

“Hello Mr.Whitfield.” Evelynn said as she approached the rich business man. He was quite handsome, with his hair slicked back and his frame fit his suite quite nicely. He stood at 5tf 9in and held a warm smile on his face.

“It’s wonderful to meet you Ms.Velasquez, shall we eat now?” Mark said getting straight down to business.

“Yeah of course.” Evelynn said following Mark to their table. They sat down and both ordered some red wine along with some water incase they got thirsty. For the first couple minutes they got rid of formalities deciding to call each other by their first name.

They started off by asking each other how their days were, and some more stuff about themselves. The conversation took more of a deeper turn once their entrees arrived.

“You’re dad was an alcoholic?” Evelynn said astounded

“Yeah, everyone thinks he died of heart disease, but in reality it was alcohol poisoning that got him, this left me in charge of his monopoly.” Mark hadn’t told much of this stuff to many people, but he felt more comfortable talking about this stuff with here.

“I’m sorry, my father stayed as far away from alcohol after he saw what it did to my uncle.” Evelynn admitted. “Alcohol addiction ruined his life from losing his job to giving him major health problems.”

They both continued talking about their families and businesses for a while. Near the end of their meal, they decided to switch the topic to the reason they had met. Business.

“So what would you want, to give me OLED screens?” Evelynn asked hoping he would answer with something reasonable.

“Well, I’m not sure. I have lots of money and own a business in almost every sector.” Mark said

Evelynn’s heart began to deflate, if this deal didn’t go through, there was a high chance her company would not survive the next few years. “Oh, come one, there must be something you wish.”

“I promise I will think about it.” Mark replied. And they began to converse about various things, all the while drinking wine.

Mark couldn’t figure how after drinking so much wine and water, Evelynn didn’t show any signs of having to go to the bathroom. Mark on the other hand was desperate, he was gripping his urethra under the table and moving himself back and forth. Finally he couldn’t hold it anymore and reveal to her that he had to use the bathroom and he made his way to the bathroom, where he whipped his member out and let lose in a toilet.

Mark making his way to the bathroom brought to Evelynn’s attention her bladder. She felt fine now, but she knew that in a couple hours she would be bursting as she had that one day. After thinking about it for a while, she decided she would be able to hold it for a while since her need at the moment was barely recognizable.

When Mark came back, they paid for their meals, finished their last cup of wine and began to leave the restaurant. Evelynn could now feel a small urge to go, but it was nowhere close to painful. They began conversing once again, and once the limo came to take them to Whitfield Corporations. As Evelynn entered the limo she could sense the wealth Mark owned. The seats were a soft leather that felt quite good on her bottom. On the other side of the limo sat Mark who looked quite comfortable there.

After about 20 minutes, Evelynn could feel her bladder being filled up from all the wine she consumed. She simply pressed her thighs together and moved on. Another 10 minutes passed and a considerable amount of liquid had filtered into her bladder. Evelynn peered out the window trying to take her mind of her bladder. It was a beautiful city too. The lights in the night looked gorgeous. Evelynn could feel her bladder begin to bloat, as it pressed against her tightly fit dress.

Evelynn squeezed her thighs together. Another 5 mins had gone by and she had to go soon otherwise her fancy dress would be ruined. Suddenly the limousine stopped which signified that they were there. As soon as she opened the door, she hear a splatter. Her bladder let out a spurt, thankfully it fell straight down and hit the ground leaving her dress untouched. Knowing Mark was on the other side of the car, she bent over and grabbed her vagina in order to regain control. By now nearly all of the contents they drank over dinner had passed through her system and was residing in her bladder, although she wasn’t at her limit she definitely had to go.

Mark was turned on to say the least. He had always had a fetish for female having to piss, and especially when they had big bladders. He could recall being an 8th grader and sitting in spanish class with the girl next to him squirming and admitting she had to use the restroom. During the long car ride, due to traffic of course, Evelynn constantly displayed signs of desperation, from squeezing her thighs together to not being able to sit still. All this while she tried to keep the conversation flowing. It also didn’t help that Mark thought Evelynn looked absolutely stunning.

After he exited the limo he decided to lead Evelynn to his office where they would strike up a business deal. He hoped that she would make it, knowing how much liquid she downed during dinner. After walking a bit and an elevator ride they were at his office. He held the door open for her and shut it after. Wearing no panties was both a curse and a blessing as it was harder to hold without something pressing on her region, but the waistband would squeeze on her bladder.

Evelynn successfully made it to Mark’s office without losing control although there were some close calls in the elevator. Entering his office she quickly took a seat, nuzzling her bottom into the chair. Mark took a seat across from her, only able to see her top half. This gave her the freedom to squeeze her legs together and grab her crotch without her knowing.

“So, how important are these OLED screens to you?” Mark asked her wanting to know what he could ask for her.

Disregarding every negotiation strategist telling her to play though to get. Evelynn replied, “Honestly I would do almost anything for them, without them my company will go bankrupt and everything I have will be gone.” Once she said this, she wasn’t sure whether she should’ve. Telling him how desperate she was for them would result in him giving her less money. The finally decided her poor choice was at the fault of her overly full bladder. Hence why she stood up and asked “Hey, is there a bathroom near here. I could really use one.”

Mark smiled and begins to speak. “I will provide your company with OLED screens and some other stuff need the contract be changed if you, Evelynn Velasquez agree to hold your pee for me. Not just now but other times. You see, since I was a child I always got turned on by beautiful women like you to having to pee. I won’t do anything too rough on you.”

Evelynn regarded him in surprise for a second. What kind of fucked up fetish is that? She thought to herself. Considering her options, “Yes.” emitted from her mouth. Holding her pee was something she already did and kind of enjoyed, although she wouldn’t admit it. It was surely better than some things some other men would make her do and boy did she need those OLED screens.

“Fantastic!” Mark said excitedly as he stood up. Evelynn could see the tent in his pants and felt somewhat discomforted by it. “I saw you desperate in the limo, and saw this prospective deal so I decided to type up this contract.” Mark said in a proud tone as he pulled out a piece of paper.

Evelynn at this point was openly holding herself, bouncing up and down, and making noise. Anything that would keep her from wetting his office. Eyeing the contract, Evelynn decided to sign it. Surely there would be nothing too bad in the contract and the sooner she could be the better. “There.” Evelynn said putting the pen down. “Now can I pee?”

“Wonderful, let us have some fun now.”

Evelynn didn’t really know what that meant, but she decided to play along as she did sign a contract. Mark walked up to her and regarded her closely. “Wow, that really is a beautiful bladder.” Evelynn wasn’t sure what to say so she just kept quiet trying not to unleash a torrent on to the ground. Mark came up from behind and placed both his hands on her bladder. “Quite hard, you must be bursting.”

“I am in fact this close to letting go.” Evelynn said gesturing with her fingers. Evelynn was seriously worried at this point. She didn’t want mark getting mad at her for ruining his carpet. “Are you going to let me pee please?” Evelynn asked hoping the answer was yes.

“Oh that liquid will leave you, trust me.” Mark stuck his hand under her dress and began to caress her vagina.

‘UUUUUUUUMMMMMMMPPPPHHHHH’ The noise came out of Evelynn as a small spurt escaped her. She doubled over regaining control over herself.

“Do you mind if you take your dress off?” Mark asked thoughtfully.

After considering her options, she figured fuck it, if she did there would be no way she could wet it. “Sure.” The words came out of her mouth. Immediately Mark began to toy with her zipper and soon Evelynn was standing there naked with an ocean inside of her begging for release.

Mark removed her hands from her crotch area, and spread her legs. She could felt herself losing it any second. Without her hand or even being able to squeeze her legs together, she felt so helpless. Mark began to press on her bladder.

‘MMMMmmm’ “Are you sure you don’t want me ruining these carpets?” Evelynn breathed weakly.

“It’s fine.” Mark replied cooly. He then once again pressed his hand against her bladder and this time a stream came out.

‘Ooooooooooooo’ The bliss of letting go of her overloaded bladder was heavenly.

“Hold it please.” Mark commanded after only a few seconds of relief. WIth a quiet grunt Evelynn cut off the flow. Grabbing her self with both hands, she was barely holding on. Even with only a few seconds, there was a significant puddle on the ground. “Come onto the balcony for a second.”

“NO! What if someone see’s me. My career would be ruined.” Evelynn stated worriedly.

“Don’t you worry, no one will see you. Or even recognize you. Trust me.” Mark persuaded. At this Evelynn agreed. She hobbled her way over to the balcony and felt as the cool air brushed upon her warm, supple skin. “You can now pee over the balcony.” Mark said with a grin.

At the news of this Evelynn hopped on the of the rail’s quite dangerously, spread her legs in a squat position and let go of a thick stream that made a loud splatter as it hit things on its way down. Evelynn Tilted her head back and let out a soft moan as the pressure in her bladder decrescendoed. This lasted for over a minute and she enjoyed every second of that. Once she was done, she hopped down to face a quite happy Mark, whose urethra was almost poking a hole in his pants by now.

“This has been fun, but I think I’ll be going now.” Evelynn said as she began zipping up her dress as it once was.

“I have to say, that was all incredibly hot.” Mark admitted.

Evelynn turned her head back to say, “I know.” with a smile as she called herself a taxi and contemplated what just happened.

