A Hidden Accident (+ illustrations)

Author: GotaSecret

*000*2023-09-07 09:57

Chapter story about a girl with a shy bladder ending up in situations with no suitable bathrooms around.

Hope you'll enjoy it!

Word count for all chapters: ~16,000

Chapter 1: Gone Skiing

Avery is sitting in the passenger seat of her friend's car. It's the middle of December and one of the first days in weeks where it's not unbearably cold out. The sun is warming the front windshield and melting the snow there, just like Marcus had said it would when Avery had asked him if he didn't need to scrape the windows properly after he'd deemed the four-by-four-inch peephole he'd made in the snow on the windshield, "good enough".

"What is this brightness stabbing my eyes, I think it's— it's the sun! Marcus, I can see the sun! Feels like so long ago," Avery teases, looking over at Marcus, the corners of his mouth twitching with a held-back smile, his bleach-blonde hair sticking out from under his beanie.

"Ha ha, when you get a driver's license and a car, you'll first hand get to experience the peril of scraping the windshield every morning from November to February."

"I'll do it with pleasure," Avery answers, actually meaning it. She likes it when things are prim and proper. Her apartment is by no means spotless, but everything has its place and her family has always teased her for being a bit of a neat freak, and sort of inflexible.

These facets of her personality are part of the reason why she lets out a startled gasp when the exit to the ski center comes, and goes, outside the car.

"Relax, Ave, we're still going skiing, but I heard of this great track just a few extra minutes from here, and there's less risk of us getting cussed out when we don't get off the track fast enough for the maniacs shredding the tracks like they're gunning for a gold medal in cross country."

"Yeah, you're right, I just thought you missed the exit. It's fine," Avery says, trying to convince both her and Marcus that it is indeed fine. It isn't though. That's the other part of the reason why the sight of the ski center swishing by has her heart rate shooting up.

She has to pee.

She knew right at the start of the day that she would need to pee before they got out in the tracks, which is why she likes the ski center. They have nice single-person bathrooms, and no risk of getting interrupted or people hearing her … go.

But this rogue, out in the wild, far from civilization (okay, ten minutes from the city, probably three from the ski center) was not likely to have any sort of bathroom. But it's fine. She'd gone plenty out in the woods when she was younger, just squatting down and letting it flow. She could do that. It's fine.

"Okay, we're here," Marcus says, pulling up the handbrake with a creak, and turning off his old Toyota. "I'll get the skis out, see if you can find the start of the track, should be over by that, uh, what's it called, hut?"

"The windbreak?" Avery says, looking to where Marcus is pointing and the small wooden structure nestled between the trees.

Marcus snaps his fingers, "That's it. The track should start there."

'Should start there', Avery thinks, the ache in her bladder making her more annoyed than she usually gets by Marcus's hit-or-miss attitude to everything. She trudges over to the windbreak, the swishing sound of her snow pants rubbing together the only thing breaking the silence around her. At least there's no sign of there being anyone else here. The track is where Marcus said it would be, and it looks like someone's been avid with the upkeep.

"It’s here!" she calls back to Marcus, who gives her a thumbs up, both pairs of skis held firmly under one arm as he picks up a backpack from the trunk and slamming it shut.

She has to tell him she needs to pee before they hit the track. She can feel her cheeks start to burn at the thought of telling him, hoping that the cool winter air will keep her skin from turning crimson.

"The guy who recommended this track said that the shortest circuit is about one hour, and we get back right over there behind the wood, uh … ”

“Windbreak.”

“—the windbreak, yeah. So, do you need to go pee before we get going? I’m sorry there’s no bathroom, but there’s literally not a soul, other than us, here.”

No amount of arctic winds could keep her cheeks from turning red after that. Marcus and Avery have known each other for most of their lives, and they’ve always shared a love for being out in nature. In the summer they go on long hikes—that Avery carefully plans to hit bathrooms along the way—and in the winter they go skiing. Avery realizes that she’s been stupid to assume that Marcus hadn’t picked up on her bathroom habits along the way, but he just seems so … scatterbrained most of the time so she just didn’t think he noticed those kinds of things.

“Uh, I— yeah. I’ll—” Avery stammers out, pointing her thumb towards the windbreak. “Behind there. Just— keep a lookout, for people.”

“Will do,” Marcus says, smiling at her.

Oh God, that was so awkward, Avery thinks, making her way behind the windbreak and unbuttoning her snow pants, pulling them down, and squatting. The fabric of the snow pants bunches up between her legs, and it’s difficult to find a good position to sit in. The snow sinks down, and she almost loses her balance.

The cold air feels strange against her skin, and it’s— no, she can’t do it. She can’t relax enough to get even a drop out, and when she hears a twig snap somewhere inside the woods she quickly stands up and gets her clothing back on. Her bladder throbs in protest.

“You're the one who wouldn’t let anything out damn it, stop complaining,” she grumbles to her bladder under her breath. When she gets back out from behind the windbreak Marcus has already strapped on his skis and is tightening the wrist straps on his ski poles to fit snuggly around his wrists.

“See, told you there’s no one out here,” he says, flailing his ski poles out into the air. “You good to go?”

Shit, he thinks I’ve gone. I mean, of course he thinks that, why wouldn’t he? I was probably back there for way too long. Just, play it cool, Avery.

“Yeah, just gotta strap these bad boys on,” she says, grabbing for the skis stuck down into the snow, promptly knocking them over. Play it cool damn it, not … whatever that was.

Marcus just laughs, and after a couple of minutes, they are on their way. It’s a really beautiful day, snow crystals shimmering in the air, the late morning sun shining through the trees, casting long shadows across the ski tracks.

Marcus is in front of her, keeping a good pace, his strides long and even. Avery is glad that he can’t see her, cause she is decidedly not taking any long and even strides, every try at lengthening her legs making her abdomen pull tight over her aching bladder.

“There’s a pretty steep hill up ahead, Ave. Alright if I work up some momentum? I wanna skate up,” Marcus calls back at her.

“Yeah, go ahead, I’ll catch up,” Avery answers, even just the act of shouting, the tensing of her core, making her bladder feel even fuller.

I’m not going to make it. What was I thinking?? We’re barely even ten minutes in, and he said that the track is an hour long, and that’s just to get back to where we parked.

She looks around her in panic. Marcus is already well on his way up the hill. She could just go off the track, into the forest. But … there are only thin, tall trees as far as she can see. Except—she looks up the hill where a majestic spruce tree is stretching up in the sky. She knows Marcus is going to be waiting at the top of the hill, and that he’ll give her that quizzical look of his when she runs behind the spruce to take care of business, but at this point, she doesn’t care anymore.

She sets off, reaching the bottom of the hill, determined to get to the top as fast as possible. She stabs her ski poles into the snow, getting good leverage to push forward, but just as she pushes away there’s an explosion of warmth in her underwear.

No, no, no, this is not happening, she thinks, her hands flying to her crotch, grabbing herself as hard as she can through the thick material, but there doesn’t seem to be any more pee forcing its way out. Shit, I tense up too much when pushing away, I’ll have to side-step.

She gets off track and starts side-stepping up the hill. The positive thing about this method is that there’s no extra pressure on her bladder. The negative thing is that it takes much longer, and time is not something she has any excess of right now. Not if she wants to make it out of this with at least part of her dignity intact.

She’s halfway up the hill—almost getting hopeful—when an intense urge hits her. It almost feels like her bladder is fluttering, and Avery doesn’t know much about bladders, but she’s pretty sure they are not supposed to do that. She’s never felt her bladder do that. She freezes up at the unfamiliar sensation, she doesn’t even dare to breathe, a vague fear that even the expansion of her lungs might be enough to push her bladder over the edge.

The urge seems to pass, and she thinks it’s over, that she can get the rest of the way up the hill without incident. Then she feels it, the tell-tale tingling of urine trying to make its way out, and with it, a swooping sense of dread settling low in her stomach when a gush of pee warms her underwear.

She gasps, clenching as hard as she can, willing her bladder to hold on just a bit longer, and after a couple of more gushes, it seems to settle down again. She looks down at herself. If she didn’t have snow pants on she would surely see a wet spot spread across her crotch, reaching down the insides of her thighs, but so far the snow pants are not showing anything on the outside.

She continues stepping up the hill, her breathing fast, and not only because of the effort needed to conquer the hill. The wetness in her underwear makes it feel almost impossible to keep holding it in. As if the escaped pee is teasing what’s still left in the bladder, urging it to come out.

Avery feels her eyes start burning, tears gathering and rolling down her cheeks. The cold air stinging at the wet skin. She knows she’s at her limit, the tiny bit of control she has left stretching thinner and thinner. She reaches the top of the hill. Marcus is standing just a few feet off, looking out into the distance. Avery looks over at the dense spruce that would have given her all the privacy she needed, but it’s too late, her control snaps.

It starts with a few hesitant spurts as if her bladder can’t believe it’s finally getting relief, questioning her decision to let it release under these circumstances, in front of someone, in her clothes. It doesn’t take long for her stream to pick up though, the relief after holding on for so long feels too good to resist, and she can hear a low, muffled hiss. She gasps, it’s so warm. It’s pouring down her legs now, soaking the thin tights she chose to wear underneath her snow pants, the fabric quickly becoming saturated.

She leans onto her ski poles, seeking a bit of support, discreetly looking down at herself, panting as she keeps emptying her bladder, relief mixing with shame. I’m just standing here, wetting my pants like a child, how could I let this happen?? Her snow pants are still not showing any signs of what’s happening, except—oh no. There are a few drops making their way out of the bottom of her pant legs, yellowing the snow between her skis.

The stream is tapering off, but Avery is still standing there in shock, tears dripping down onto the snow, breathing labored. The snow pants are feeling heavy, and her tights are sticking to her legs.

“Ave?”

She doesn’t want to look up.

“The hill kicked your ass that bad?” Marcus laughs, but there’s a hint of worry in his voice. “Hey, Ave, what’s—”

A loud sob stops Marcus from finishing his sentence, but it doesn’t stop him from hurrying over to her, leaning down to try and meet her gaze. To try and see what’s wrong.

“Avery, what—did something happen? Are you hurt??” Marcus says, the concern in his voice only making Avery cry harder.

“I-I’m sorry,” she gets out between sobs.

“What are you talking about?” Marcus has his hand on her back now, rubbing it, trying to soothe her.

“W-we need to turn back,” she says, sniffling, straightening up again.

“Yeah, of course, Ave, I just— are you okay?” he says, and at the look he gives her, worry mingled with that sympathetic kindness that she has seen first-hand on numerous occasions, she knows that she wants to tell him. Even if her cheeks are heating before she even gets her mouth open.

“I’m okay, I just—I need a change of clothes.”

Marcus looks are her with confusion, his eyes scanning her body, all the way down to her feet before opening wider. “Oh …” he says, before breathing a sigh of relief. “God, Aves, I thought something was wrong, you had me really worried.” Marcus furrows his brows, “But I thought you—”

“I-I couldn’t … go, back there. I guess I have a shy bladder or something, or I—I know that I have that. That’s why I usually plan ahead so I know there are bathrooms where we’re going.”

“Yeah, I’ve sort of noticed that. Sorry that I changed the plans last minute, I didn’t know it was a big thing.”

“No, it’s—I’m the one being difficult here,” Avery says, blushing. “I’m sorry, but could we—” she says, nodding towards where they came from.

“Yeah, yeah, let’s go back,” Marcus says, stepping into the tracks again. “Can’t imagine it’s very comfortable being out in this cold with wet pants. And oh, I got my gym bag in the car, you could borrow my gym shorts? If you want.”

As embarrassed as Avery is about this whole situation, she’s happy it happened with Marcus and not anyone else.

“Yeah, that’d be nice. Now get going before I push you down the hill.”

“Jeez, aggressive,” Marcus laughs, and pushes off, Avery following close behind.

*002*2023-09-07 13:07

I'm so glad you liked it! I'll probably write more chapters, starting with an "a couple of weeks later" continuation on this one 🙂

*003*2023-09-07 21:37

Chapter 2: The Christmas Potluck

Avery hasn’t talked to Marcus since The Incident™ a week ago, and okay, she knows she’s being a bit childish about all of this. Marcus handled the whole situation graciously, lending her his gym shorts, walking all the way to the other side of the parking lot, and hiding behind a huge snow drift to give her privacy to change out of her soaked clothing.

He didn’t mention it on the ride home or acted weird. There’s no reason for Avery to think that he would bring it up again or hold it against her, but still, she just can’t stop rehashing it in her head, reliving the humiliation all over again.

Her phone, which she left on the vanity while taking a shower, dings. She finishes drying her hair and applies her hair oil, she imagines it gives her dark brown hair a bit more shine at least, before looking at the notification. It’s a text from Marcus.

M: U still up for tonite?

The fact that Marcus would even think of asking her if she’s still going to come to his parent's annual pre-Christmas potluck, the very same one that she didn’t even miss after getting her appendix removed the day before, makes her realize that he knows that she’s avoiding him, and that sort of makes this whole situation even more awkward. Fuck.

A: Getting ready rn

M: U kno it’s not for another 4 hrs?

A: Dude, I know uve had girlfriends

M: Mostly helped em get un-done, if you kno what im saying

A: Ha ha. C u tonite, unfortunately

M: Love u too

It’s not really going to take her four hours to get ready. Avery already has her outfit picked out, a long dark red skirt that she’s going to pair with a finely knit white sweater and then accessorize with dark red jewelry to match her favorite pair of pumps. She has also picked out a matching set of red underwear. She'd been surprised to learn that red is the best color to wear under white to prevent it from showing through, but it really works, and she really likes this sheer lace set.

Three and a half hours later Avery is carefully pulling on a pair of thin black stockings, the last part of her outfit, before putting on her shoes. She gets the bowl of salad that she always brings, the one that there’s never anything left of at the end of the evening, before putting it down again and making one last just-in-case stop to the bathroom. The last thing she wants is a repeat of last week.

Get-togethers at Marcus's parents’ house are always kind of chaotic, but very fun, occasions. His mom, Claire, loves to have people over, but just like her son, she’s a poor planner, to say the least. Which is probably why she always does potlucks.

“Avery!” Claire calls out when Avery walks in the front door, putting down a plate of what looks like jello with pieces of corn inside of it before hugging her tightly. “Oh, you look gorgeous tonight! Doesn’t she look gorgeous, Marcus?”

“Drop-dead,” she hears Marcus answer somewhere off to the side, in his usual cheery voice before his mom finally lets her go at the sound of something hitting the floor in the kitchen. Please let it be the corn jelly.

“Oh, excuse me, Marcus will get you something to drink, I have to go see what that was.”

Marcus grabs Avery by the shoulders and walks with her toward the drinks table. “Let’s get this party started!” he says, and Avery could not agree more. She needs a drink strong enough to drown this weird, awkward tension she’s feeling between her and Marcus.

The evening flies by in a whirl of dancing, trying to avoid weird, grabby uncles, and more drinks than Avery has had in a while. She’s not a sloppy drunk in the normal sense of the expression, but she’s sloppy compared to how she usually is. And kind of flirty.

“Has anyone told you that you look so handsome tonight?” she says, definitely not slurring, to Marcus, leaning against his shoulder on the couch in the small sitting area next to the hallway.

“Only every single one of my aunts and grandmothers, you gotta step up your game Ave,” he laughs, not even close to as drunk as Avery is.

“I’m not very good at words right now, take it or leave it.”

“O-kay, do you want to lie down for a bit? My parents have kept my room as it was before I left for college, as some sort of creepy shrine, we can go there.”

“Ooh, is this where you undone me, no wait— undoes me, do—”

“—definitely time for you to lie down. And have a glass of water,” Marcus says, pulling Avery up from the couch.

“No, wait,” Avery says and leans in close, lowering her voice. “I have to pee.”

“Oh, well, the basement toilet is busted. My uncle either eats too much fiber or not enough, but you can use the bathroom next to the entrance."

Shit. The bathroom next to the entrance, which also happens to be next to the kitchen, which happens to be where everyone is currently sitting. Maybe the alcohol helps her shy bladder relax? She hopes that's the case.

"You go to the bathroom and I'll go get you a glass of water and we'll meet up in my room, okay?"

"Yeah, it's fine. I'll be fine," Avery says, holding a hand out to the wall to keep her balance while making her way to the bathroom.

The din from the long kitchen table should be a comfort, really. There's no way they'll be able to hear her pee. This … this might actually work.

Her bladder throbs at the sight of the bathroom door. She's been drinking a lot tonight and she hadn't realized how badly she needed to go until now. The bathroom is unoccupied so she slinks in, okay, tumbles in, and locks the door behind her.

It feels like she's going to lose it right there, and she's not entirely sure how, but she manages to get her panties and stocking out of the way, unscathed, and get seated on the toilet. She sighs in relief, waiting for the insistent ache in her bladder to lessen as the urine starts to flow out of her … as the urine starts to … God damn it, not again. No one can hear you in here, the door is locked, there’s nothing—

Someone pulls at the door handle.

“Mooom, there’s someone in there. I really have to gooo,” a voice calls out outside the bathroom door.

“You’ll just have to hold it, sweetie, I’m sure they’re done soon.”

Fuck no. Avery quickly pulls up her panties and stockings again, flushes the toilet, and gets out of there, the mother outside giving her an excusing smile. She sets her sight to the end of the hallway where the stairs up to the second floor are. Where Marcus’s bedroom is. Every step she takes has her bladder aching more. She just—she has to find Marcus.

As she climbs up the stairs she has to stop and hold herself. She can’t even tell if she’s managing to hold it in, the urge is so intense, it feels like she’s on the edge of pissing herself uncontrollably. Marcus’s room is at the end of the corridor, she can almost see it as she takes a few more steps.

“Everything okay?” a voice behind her asks, making her startle hard, the tightening of her core forcing a gush of pee into her panties, a few drops rolling down the inside of her thighs. “Shit, sorry, didn’t mean to scare you, I was just heading to my room.”

It’s Marcus.

“S-Someone was waiting outside,” Avery says, her hand jammed between her legs, trying to stop what feels like a tidal wave from escaping.

“Outside my room?”

“NO, the bathroom, I couldn’t—” A gasp interrupts her as another gush of warmth escapes her, the fabric of her skirt now wet to the touch where it’s pressed between her legs. Marcus looks down, clearly noticing her predicament, then up again, meeting her panicked gaze.

“Shit—my room, now,” Marcus says and manages to walk halfway down the corridor before he realizes Avery isn’t following him.

“It's already happening, it’s—if I move I won’t be able to hold back,” Avery sobs out.

Marcus puts the glass of water down on the floor, hurrying over to Avery.

“I’m going to pick you up, okay? I’ll be careful.”

Avery can’t even answer, she’s too far gone. The only thing she can think about is how utterly humiliating this is, and how badly she just wants to let go. She manages to keep her hand between her legs, pushing hard at her opening as Marcus picks her up and hurries down the corridor, opening the door to his room and putting her down just inside of it.

She almost loses her balance, the sudden change in position making her dizzy. She has to lean against the wall, both hands planted firmly on the navy blue wallpaper. The next thought that pops into her head is “not on the shoes” as she kicks them off, sending them flying out onto the floor, and then, relief. Finally, relief.

She looks down at the floor, drops of pee falling down, soaking into the carpet. Warm rivulets make their way down her thighs as her bladder aches once more, her tired muscles still trying to clench, knowing that this is not where they are supposed to relax.

“It’s happening, it’s coming out, fuck,” she gasps out, caught between relief and humiliation. Her stream is getting stronger, forcing its way out of the sheer fabric covering her, the carpet muting the sound of it spattering onto the floor.

She hears Marcus behind her, the sounds of a chair getting moved away and hard plastic knocking into something.

“Get your skirt out of the way, you can go in here,” he says, placing a small plastic trash can on the floor in front of her, a few drops already making their way inside their intended target. Avery doesn’t care that it’ll sound so loud, she really doesn’t want to be faced with a huge puddle on the carpet as further evidence of her loss of control.

She gathers her skirt in her hands, squatting above the trash can, and finally, she can feel her muscles relax and her bladder ache less and less as her pee hits the bottom of the plastic cylinder, echoing in it before changing into the sound of liquid hitting liquid.

Avery is panting, getting light-headed with it, she’s almost—

“—woah,” Marcus says, his warm frame suddenly covering her back, holding her tight. “I got you.”

She’s still going. She is practically in Marcus’s lap and she is still going. If it’s possible for someone to blush on every surface of their body simultaneously, Avery is pretty sure she’s doing that right now. Her breathing is slowing down though, the light-headed feeling of hyperventilation making way for a giddy sense of being … carefree.

Her stream is tapering off, her bladder empty at last, and she leans into Marcus just a tad harder, giving herself a few extra seconds of that fleeting feeling.

“Can I sleep with you tonight?” she asks, her body suddenly heavy. She’s not even bothering to clarify that she means sleep in his bed with him, not sleep with him.

Marcus tightens his grip around her. “Of course, Ave. I’ll go get you something to wash up with, okay? You can find something to wear in my dresser, like I said, it’s creepy how much of my old stuff my parents have kept.”

Marcus helps her to stand, picks up the trash can with her pee in it, and leaves the room, leaving Avery with another full body blush, and yes, she’s one hundred percent certain that they are possible now.

*005*2023-09-08 13:34

{{59 minutes ago, Ranpalan said:

Nice story, though it's a bit hard to read due to the constant tense switches between past and present; sticking to one or the other would make it flow better.

}}

Thanks for the feedback! I'll keep it in mind. Keeping track of tenses has always messed with me though so I don't know if it'll help much 😅

*006*2023-09-09 19:15

Illustration for Chapter 2: Christmas Potluck

&&

*007*2023-09-10 17:06

Chapter 3: That’s not healthy

Avery had woken up with the mother of all hangovers the day after the potluck, with Marcus asleep on a roll-up mattress on the floor. The last thing she remembered from the night before was Marcus wiping her legs clean of pee and tucking her into bed. That particular memory was going to stay with her until her last breath, and she couldn’t decide if it was a good thing or a bad thing.

Marcus woke up just a few moments after her, keeping unusually quiet to be him. After another minute he sat up and looked at Avery with trepidation.

"So … I get that you—"

"We are not doing this, Marcus."

"—don't want to talk about this, but hear me out."

Avery took another look at her oldest friend, and after she saw the worry in his eyes, she motioned for him to go on.

"Ave, I'm— can you please, honestly, tell me what is going on? I … I know that I'm not the most perceptive person, but, it hasn't been this bad before, has it?"

Avery sighed and pulled the comforter over her head.

"Ave?"

"No— not this bad. It got worse after college. I just had a really stressful time finding a job and then when I got one I realized that what I learned in college was just the start of what I actually needed to learn and I— I just felt like a fraud," she said, peeking out from under the comforter.

Marcus nodded his head like he understood what she was talking about. Avery severely doubted that. She continued talking anyway.

"I don't know how it got this bad though. I just freeze up if there's any risk of someone interrupting me or overhearing when I … you know."

"So you just hold it in all day? You know that's not healthy."

"No, there's a few places nearby, a coffee shop and the library, that have restrooms I can use. If it’s not too busy at the coffee shop that is. The library is always safe, but it's much further away."

Marcus had looked even more concerned after that, telling Avery that she couldn't let this … condition control her life like this and bla bla bla. She knew all that, but just because she knew didn’t mean she knew how to fix it.

"—let me help?"

Marcus’s question, marking the end of his tirade, left Avery stunned for a moment. "What?"

"Will you let me help you?"

She didn't know why she had said yes. Maybe because it was Marcus, maybe she was still drunk (there was a high possibility of that one actually) or maybe she was just sick of this shit controlling her life, either way, she had agreed to him helping her, which brings us to the present day.

Avery collects the spiced chai latte from the barista and starts looking around the busy coffee shop to see where Marcus went. She spots him at a table in the corner, picking up a few mugs that haven’t been cleared off the table and putting them on a tray, making it easier for the staff. Has he always been this thoughtful? Avery thinks before her bladder reminds her that she’s sort of angry at Marcus right now for forcing her to do this. If it was just her she would take the latte to-go and drink it close to a restroom she knows she can use.

She puts her warm drink next to Marcus’s cup of hot chocolate, extra whipped cream, and extra marshmallows.

“That’s weird, I can’t hear any children's cries,” Avery says, looking around the coffee shop.

"What?" Marcus says, and starts looking around as well. “Are there usually lots of kids here?”

“Nah, I just thought that the kid you stole that drink from would be really upset,” Avery says, trying to hold back a grin.

“Wow, a regular old comedian here. Don’t quit your day job,” Marcus says, but chuckles at her joke anyway, making Avery laugh as well. She stops when a twinge in her bladder has her wincing, her anxiety spiking when she thinks about what’s to come. “How are you managing?” Marcus asks, keeping his voice low.

“I don’t want to do this.”

“I know, but remember the goal for today—drink, wait, and then try to use the restroom. If it doesn’t work I’ll drive you straight home.”

“I know, I remember,” Avery says, taking a big sip from her latte, burning her tongue.

It doesn't take Avery long to finish off her latte, and she and Marcus are in the middle of making plans for another trip to the ski center when a group of teenagers enters the coffee shop, talking loudly and laughing. Avery has never quite liked teenagers, even when she was a teenager herself. They are always so quick to judge, and the last thing she needs right now is to be judged.

She’s trying to sense how much pee is inside of her but the urge seems to be the same as before, insistent and uncomfortable, but not really uncomfortable. Avery has a hard time differentiating between a true urge to pee and the fake urge her anxiety creates just because she isn’t close to a restroom she can use. She knows she can use this restroom though. It’s not the restroom that’s the problem, it’s the people surrounding it.

Avery sneaks a hand down to her lower abdomen, discreetly pushing at her bladder, feeling for any tension that’ll let her know if she’s truly bursting or not. Her bladder throbs at the unwelcome prodding and Avery shuffles around in her seat, glancing toward the restroom door. Unoccupied. Thank God.

“I’m gonna … head over there,” Avery says, nodding toward the restroom before standing up from her seat. She resists the urge to cross her legs when a wave of desperation washes over her and makes her think that perhaps the urge to pee has been a true urge all along.

“Should I wait by the car or … “ Marcus says, pulling on his jacket.

It feels a bit like admitting defeat, but Avery gives Marcus a quick nod before turning around and setting her sights on the restroom.

There's no one else close by when she walks in and locks the door, checking that it's really locked, before facing the toilet. She has to pee so bad and she fumbles with the button and zipper on her black jeans—she's not an amateur, of course she chose pants that would conceal an eventual wet spot—and sits down on the toilet.

She breathes in, and out, trying to get her muscles to relax. She feels that tingle down there, the one she gets right before her stream is about to start, and she takes another breath and sighs out, willing her body to let go. Come on, come on.

A quick, short spurt escapes her. It's working! It's happening, I'm—

She hears someone laughing outside the door, she recognizes it from earlier. It must be the group of teens that walked in. There's a table with a huge couch facing it just outside the restroom, a seating option that always seems to pull groups of teenagers to it.

She tenses up almost immediately, the cut-off relief causing her bladder to spasm and a sharp pain to slice through her. A whine escapes her before she can stop it, and that only drives her embarrassment further.

Marcus is waiting at the car, I just need to get to the car, she thinks, not seeing the obvious flaw in her logic.

She pulls on her pants, quickly exiting the restroom and leaving the coffee shop. They parked in a parking house just one minute's walk away, but it feels like a lot further when every step Avery takes threatens to make her bladder spill. But she makes it to the large building without any accidents.

She pauses just inside the door of the parking house, steeling herself for the walk over to Marcus, not wanting to appear as desperate as she is. A squeezing cramp and sudden gush of warmth in her underwear make her gasp. It stops as soon as it starts, and she looks around her, no one here, before reaching a hand down and feeling for any wetness. She's in luck, it seems that her panties absorbed all of it.

She doesn't feel as lucky when she thinks about the ten minute car ride home. How is she supposed to manage that when she's already leaking?? She doesn’t exactly have a good track record of keeping it in when it has already started.

She hurries over to the car and sees Marcus leaning against it, looking calm and carefree as usual. Avery almost gets angry with him. How dare he not need to pee?? Why is it always Avery that's a mess?? She knows it's not fair to him, but when Marcus asks how it went she snaps out her response.

"How do you think it went??"

Marcus lifts his hands in a placating gesture. "Woah, sorry, I just wanted to know if—" Marcus scratches the back of his neck, something Avery only sees him do when nervous, which is not very often "You're not gonna like this, just—hang on a sec," he says, ending the sentence with a sigh and opening the back door, picking up a bundle that Avery had not noticed when he came to pick her up earlier.

A cold sensation starts at the top of her head, making its way down her back, followed by a flush when Marcus moves to the passenger seat, unfolding the bundle and placing what looks like one of those absorbent pads you use when toilet training puppies, and a towel on top of it.

"What the fuck, Marcus?? I'm not going to—I won't—"

"Ave, I know, I know. But … just in case, okay?"

It's not unreasonable, she knows. But the humiliation coursing through her veins is not making her see much reason right now, making her ignore the small voice in the back of her head reminding her that Marcus has seen her wet herself twice in as many weeks, of course he's worried about her losing control.

"I just want to go home," she bites out, and pushes her way past Marcus, sitting down in the seat, the feel of the soft towel making her blush all over again, her eyes burning with shame.

They leave the parking house in silence, Marcus expertly navigating the hectic traffic of the city center until they reach the highway.

"I didn't bring it because I thought you'd fail, you know," Marcus says, eyes fixed on the road. "I brought it because if it didn't go according to plan I didn't want you to have to freak out about ruining the car seat."

Avery feels a bit guilty now. Of course he didn't do it to humiliate her, he's just trying to make a humiliating circumstance better for her. Another urge forces Avery's hand between her legs, and she pushes it hard against herself. She tries to keep her breathing calm, but she feels herself start to hyperventilate as her fingers get soaked in warm wetness. She pushes them harder against her leaking hole, groaning from the pain of forcing the pee to stay inside.

Shit, shit, I'm going to lose it.

Marcus looks over at her. She's hunched over in pain, it feels as if her bladder is on fire, bouncing her legs, both her hands in her crotch now.

"Don't hurt yourself," Marcus says, sounding worried.

"How far?" Avery says, eyes trained on her feet, jaw clenched, tears forming in her eyes.

"Five minutes, but—Ave, if it hurts that bad—"

"I'm not going to have another accident in front of you," Avery says, her voice sounding strange to herself, thick with tears. She can't stop bouncing her legs, rubbing her thighs together, her hands pushing, kneading, trying to find any sort of relief for her aching bladder and tired muscles.

It doesn't seem like the hands between her legs are doing much to stop the leaking. As the minutes tick by Avery feels her hand getting wetter and the towel beneath her growing damp. When her bladder suddenly starts twitching, she looks up at Marcus in panic. Looking for … she doesn't know what. Reassurance? Comfort? Permission?

"Marcus, I—"

There's a blush spreading on Marcus’ face now, and his Adam's apple moves up, and then down as he swallows hard. "Just a couple more minutes Ave, do you—can you hold it that long?"

Her bladder throbs once more and as she kneads her fingers against the damp fabric of her crotch one last time, the aching feeling that has been building explodes. She groans, heat flooding her panties, her hands dripping when she pulls them away to let the hot piss finally flow out of her without something trying to stop it.

She loses herself in the sensation, the towel below her soaking up the pee, getting saturated with it. Her hips are moving on their own, small hitching movements that she can't help, grinding down into the towel. It just—it feels so good.

She's leaning against the front console, panting as she keeps emptying her bladder, the warm feeling encompassing all of her crotch now, stretching back to where it feels like she's sitting in a puddle now rather than on a towel.

She barely feels the car pull to a stop, a trickle still warming the soaking fabric of her jeans. When she's done, and the silence in the car gets to be too much, she straightens out, and she swears she can hear the towel squelching beneath her.

She looks over at Marcus, best to get it over with, just to see him pulling at the fabric of his pants, the leg closest to her held up at an awkward angle. She furrows her brow and looks at his face, a blush high on his cheeks. Is he getting off on this??

He's the one looking panicked now. "Ave, I—"

Avery reaches for the car door and gets out, slamming it shut before running inside her apartment building.

Her heart is hammering in her chest. What. The. Fuck.

&&

***

Next chapter will be from Marcus' POV. I'm trying my hardest to not spin this into some angsty relationship drama right now haha.

*008*2023-09-11 21:11

{{1 hour ago, mourn365 said:

This story is so cute, I love it!

}}

Thank you for reading! 😄

*010*2023-09-19 11:50

Chapter 4: Cricket bet

Marcus and Avery have had fights before. They've known each other since kindergarten, of course they've had fights. But this? This is not the same as when Marcus accidentally knocked over Avery's Sea-Monkeys, probably killing four generations of small shrimp creatures when they were in fourth grade, or when his dog actually ate her homework. He still doesn't think the latter one was his fault though.

He honestly doesn't think this one is his fault either, but he's not stupid enough to tell Avery that. He looks at his phone again, his messages to Avery read but not answered for almost a week now. Yeah, this is a bad one. He just wishes Avery would give him a chance to explain himself.

He would have never suggested helping Avery with her problem if he had thought he would have that reaction. Okay, full disclosure, the same thing happened the night of the potluck. But she was pulling up her skirt, her ass looking amazing in the red lace thong beneath those sheer stockings. And when she almost fell, ending up practically in his lap, well, it was just the friction that made it worse. Really, who wouldn’t have gotten hard in that situation?

He's not going to tell Avery that either, of course. He's still workshopping what he is going to tell her. It'll come to him, he’s always been good at talking. He looks at his phone again, no new messages. He sighs, he’s certainly getting enough time to think it over.

One and a half weeks after the day at the coffee shop, and the thing that happened in the car afterward, his phone dings.

A: Okay. I'll hear u out. My place, dinner?

M: ok, thank you

Ok, thank you?? Marcus thinks the second he presses send, hoping that he'll be able to sound a bit more suave at Avery's. He checks the time. He and Avery usually meet for dinner at five and it's 2:07 pm now. Three hours until his chance to fix this. He has to fix this.

Marcus rings the doorbell at exactly 5 p.m. The smell of one of Avery's favorite dishes, salmon with ginger soy glaze, is drifting out into the hallway. When he hears footsteps from the other side of the door his stomach swoops.

Avery opens the door and gives him a brief smile before inviting him in. Avery got this apartment when she moved back home after college, about one and a half years ago. Marcus had helped her move all of her stuff in and put together the furniture that came in big flat packages. Okay, he put together one table, not thinking that the instructions manual was strictly necessary, and after that, Avery took over.

"Hi," he says, stepping into the small vestibule.

"Sorry, I … have to keep an eye on the salmon, you know where to hang your coat," Avery says, disappearing into the kitchen. Marcus hangs up his coat and takes a deep breath before walking into the kitchen.

The dinner goes better and worse than expected. Avery listens to his explanation and multiple apologies, but it doesn’t feel like it … sticks. There’s still this weird tension between them. Where they usually joke around and rib each other there’s only uncomfortable silence, the clinking of forks on their plates, Marcus even thinks he can hear the broken tap dripping in the bathroom.

“Ave, I don’t know what else to say.”

Avery puts down her utensils and looks at Marcus, her brows furrowing in thought. She abruptly stands up and walks over to the fridge, taking out a bottle of water, and slamming it down on the table in front of Marcus. "Then don’t. I call cricket bet."

Marcus looks up at her, huffing out a breath. "Ave, this is not a cricket bet situation."

“Cricket. Bet,” she says, tone firm, sliding the water bottle closer to him.

A quick backstory is probably warranted here. Marcus' dad used to travel a lot for work and one thing he realized quite early on is that he couldn’t keep bringing home cheap souvenirs that just ended up broken and littering the house, so, he started bringing home local snacks and candies instead.

Marcus and Avery made it a habit to try them together. Some were better than others but they never had any issues polishing off whatever his dad brought back. That was, until one day when he with an expression of glee on his face opened his suitcase and pulled out a bag of roasted crickets.

Marcus had instantly said that he'd never eat those, while Avery, to his and his father's surprise, had asked for one. "You really want to be more of a chicken than me?" She'd said, taking the cricket and shoving it in her mouth, chewing and swallowing it like it was nothing. His father had been laughing his ass off in the background.

Marcus had of course eaten a cricket as well, not being as cool as Avery about it, his head ending up in the kitchen bin alongside the cricket. It was after that they started using "cricket bet" as another way of saying "If I do it you gotta do it."

Marcus swallows hard, keeping his gaze locked with Avery’s. "So … what’s the plan? What’s the bet?" he asks, though he already has a good idea of what the bet is going to be.

"How bad do you have to go?"

"Uh … "

"Scale of 1-10. Ten being 'it's already happening'. How bad do you have to pee?"

"A five or a six maybe," Marcus says, surprised by how assertive Avery is being.

"Then the plan is that you keep drinking, and in what, two hours?" Marcus nods hesitantly, he'll definitely need to go in two hours if that is what she means. "In two and a half hours you can go to the bathroom."

A spike of heat shoots through Marcus. "Are you going to do it as well?"

"Nah, it's my turn to watch now, don't you think?"

I’m so fucked, he thinks and picks up the bottle Avery had left in front of him, the condensation on it wetting his fingers. He opens it and puts it to his lips and doesn’t stop drinking until it’s empty. "You got anything other than water?"

An hour and a half, and a couple of sodas later, Marcus knows he’s in trouble. He’s good at holding it, he just doesn’t have to hold it that often. When they are out hiking he can just walk a bit off-trail, pull it out, and go. He can hold it though. He’s pretty sure he can. But … another hour? He can barely sit still and watch the movie as is.

Avery stands up from the couch. “Do you want another drink?”

The thought of drinking even one more drop has Marcus' toes curling with an urge that hits him like a punch to the stomach, hard and sudden. He squeezes his thighs together, straightening and holding his breath, waiting for the urge to pass.

“I’ll take that as a no,” Avery says with a smug smile, walking over to the fridge and bringing a pitcher of water with lemon slices back.

"Ave, I honestly don't think I can hold it for another hour," Marcus says, watching Avery snap open the lid on the pitcher.

"Well, you're free to go, you just can't use my bathroom."

"Seriously?"

"And you'll fail the cricket bet, of course," she says, starting to slowly pour herself a glass of water.

It feels as if the water goes straight to Marcus’ bladder instead of into the glass, and he has to get at hand on himself to stem the overwhelming urge.

"I didn't bring a change of clothes," Marcus exclaims, hoping it'll make Avery see reason.

"What about your gym clothes?" Avery asks, knowing he always keeps his gym bag in the car.

"I walked here."

Avery closes the lid on the pitcher again and looks like she's thinking it over. She's going to cave, and Marcus will be allowed to use the bathroom, he's certain. And if she doesn't … The bathroom is right over there. He's faster than Avery, he'd be in the bathroom, door locked before she could do anything about it.

"Don't worry about it, I'm sure I have something of yours lying around."

Marcus' stomach drops. “You can’t be serious. Ave, we’re not actually doing this.”

“What, not as fun when you’re the one it’s happening to? Tough luck. Guess you’d better start walking home right away if you want to make it to a toilet in time.”

“I don’t think it's fun watching you be in pain. I never found it fun, Avery,” Marcus says, feeling his composure slip, a groan slipping out of him as he scrunches his face up, another wave of urgency washing through him. He’s fanning his legs in and out, trying to get control back.

“No, you just got turned on,” Avery says in a sharp tone.

“I told you—”

A sudden tingling feeling followed by a surge of warmth has Marcus sucking in a breath. Avery looks over at him, her gaze flicking down to where his hand is jammed between his legs.

“You might wanna get off the couch, I don’t have anything to lay down so you don’t ruin it.”

Marcus huffs out a breath as he looks at Avery, then at the door to the bathroom, and back at Avery again. His bladder is throbbing, the waves of urgency only partly relieved by his palm, now grinding down onto himself. He doesn’t have any other choice, and he doesn't care about the stupid cricket bet. He sets his sight on the bathroom door and bolts.

Every step he takes threatens to make his bladder spill into his clothes and he keeps a hand firmly gripping himself, not planning on letting anything more out as he gets closer and closer to the bathroom door. He hears Avery making a dismissive noise behind him, but he can’t focus on her right now. His only focus is getting to the bathroom, relief only moments away. He puts his hand on the door handle and pulls, and pulls again, and—

“What the fuck Avery??”

“Oh, that? Yeah, the toilet’s out of order, sorry.”

The lock is one of those you can open with a kitchen knife or a screwdriver and Marcus entertains the thought of running to the kitchen and getting a knife to unlock the door, but in reality he’s frozen in place, leaning his head against the bathroom door, feeling as if he moves a muscle the dam will burst.

This is actually going to happen. He’s going to wet himself for the first time in his adult life, in front of his best friend. His bladder gives him another warning, a last chance to get to a toilet, the toilet that is right there but he can’t use, fuck, of course—Marcus looks over at Avery again. She doesn’t look angry anymore, she just looks right back, meeting his eyes.

“I—oh shit, fuck—” Marcus says on a gasp, looking down at himself, the sight and the sensation making his face heat up. It feels like an explosion of heat in his underwear and when Marcus removes his hand there’s a small spot on his pants. As he keeps on looking, unable to pull his eyes away the spot quickly spreads and extends down one leg, glistening as his stream picks up. He steels himself and gives it one last try to hold it in, squeezing his thighs together, to see if he can stop it and it seems to help, for a couple of seconds at least. The wetness stops shimmering as his stream becomes more of a dribble. His muscles vibrate from the effort of holding back, twitching.

“No, I’m losing it, I can’t—” Marcus says on a shuddering breath, relaxing his thighs, letting his breath out on a low moan as he lets go. The jet of pee that shoots out of him is so strong that he can hear it thwap against the fabric of his pants, the hissing sound that follows seemingly drowning out everything else. “I’m peeing, I’m sorry.”

The heat that he from the beginning only felt in his boxers is now cascading down his legs. It’s almost aggressive, how much he needed to pee. He hasn’t had to pee this much in years, not when he has easy access to a bathroom all day long and can go whenever he pleases. There is something about this though, the desperate relief, his body taking over. Almost … animalistic. He spreads his legs, and leans harder against the door, bracing himself on his forearms as he looks down on himself.

The fabric of his jeans is so saturated with piss that it’s dripping, the drops falling to the floor missing the puddle forming directly below him, scattering on the floor. Fuck, it’s such a mess. He’s happy Avery has a no-shoes-inside policy, neat freak, cause they would have been filled and spilling over by now judging by the size of the puddle. The strength of his stream slowly lessens, his soaked jeans beginning to cool down, only the last rivulets of urine running down his left thigh adding to the warmth.

Marcus realizes he’s panting, dizzy from the relief, from the shame from the—oh no, no, no, no. He angles his hips away from Avery back at the couch, the wetness of the fabric making his jeans cling even tighter to him than usual, a tightness that is only getting worse as he feels himself fill out. Oh God, what the fuck. I don’t find this hot, I don’t find this hot, he repeats like a mantra inside his head, trying to will the situation away.

He hears the opening and closing of a kitchen drawer, and the clinking of utensils before Avery walks up next to him, carefully side-stepping the wetness on the floor. She unlocks the bathroom door.

“I left you some clothes on the counter. Take a shower, I’ll clean this up.”

“Uh, thanks,” Marcus says, trying to keep his back turned to Avery as much as he can without it looking too suspicious. “I’ll—yeah.” Marcus opens the bathroom door and slinks inside, locking it behind him and letting out a stuttering breath.

***

Sorry if there are more spelling errors and grammar mistakes than usual, my brain is not braining lately. I might or might not add an illustration to this chapter, I'm not really sure what I want to draw, suggestions always welcome!

*011*2023-09-21 18:55

Chapter 5: It's fine

The weeks following the cricket bet dinner had been … unexpectedly easy.

It all began when Avery had called Marcus on the phone just a few hours after he'd left that same evening, feeling extremely guilty about basically forcing him to wet himself and wanting to apologize.

She had been a hundred percent ready to sit through a lecture on how wrong what she did was and how she'd misused cricket bet and so on and so forth, but Marcus had just accepted her apology without any preamble and then they spent an hour on the phone just chatting as if nothing had happened.

And it continued like that. No weird tension or lingering animosity. Just, easy.

Perhaps this was why Avery had brought up continuing with the "shy bladder boot camp" as she'd named it in her head, suggesting a training session just a couple of days later.

“Are you sure you’re up for this?” Marcus asks while shoving his feet into his large winter boots.

“Yeah,” Avery answers, buttoning her black snow pants. “I think this is a good place to start. We’ve already established that I can, uh, let go, when you’re around so if the restroom doesn’t work out and it gets to bad I’ll be able to … you know.” Avery motions to her snow pants that she knows through experience won’t show anything on the outside even when she’s soaked through under them. “Without anyone else noticing.”

Marcus clears his throat. “Yeah, yeah, I just—you sure you want me to be there, for that?”

“I won’t freak out if you get a boner if that’s what you're getting at.”

Marcus huffs out a surprised laugh. “Fuck, yeah, I was trying to be subtle but … okay, good. I’ll try not to but … “

“It’s fine,” Avery says, pushing past Marcus to get to her jacket and also hide the blush rising on her cheeks. Her feelings about Marcus’ … reaction to her accidents have shifted a lot since that day in the car after their first failed try at some sort of exposure therapy for her shy bladder. That first week after the incident Avery had been thrown between anger and confusion at a pace that had left her dizzy. As the anger faded the confusion morphed into something else, its direction shifting from confusion about Marcus' reaction to confusion about her own.

When she invited Marcus over for dinner she wasn’t mad at him anymore, not really. But she needed to find out what she was feeling, what Marcus was feeling. And she needed to get Marcus to understand where she was coming from. Which is why she called cricket bet, and yeah, the rest is history.

She’s still confused about some aspects, but she knows she doesn’t mind if it turns Marcus on. She prefers it to any other reaction he could have, and that right there is the part she’s still confused about.

The heat from the takeaway cup warms Avery’s hands through the knitted mittens she’d gotten from her mom for Christmas. It’s barely above freezing outside but the sun is quickly making the icicles hanging from the gutters drip. Marcus and Avery walk toward the lake outside of the town center, the goal being the scenic trail stretching around it.

Avery’s thinking behind choosing this for today’s shy bladder exposure is because of the restrooms, of course, it’s always about the restrooms for Avery. But more specifically it’s about how different the situation is compared to the coffee shop exposure. There’s a very low risk of anyone else having to use the restrooms at this time of day, on a Thursday nonetheless (thank you flex hours), or wanting to use the restrooms really. They are nice enough restrooms, but in the winter they are freezing cold.

Anyway, Avery thinks that perhaps her brain won't freak out as badly under these circumstances, even if it’s not the kind of restroom she would have normally chosen.

“I always forget how beautiful this route is,” Marcus says, sipping at his coffee, early morning being the only time he opts for coffee instead of hot chocolate.

“Yeah, it would be even more beautiful if people picked up their dogs’ shit,” Avery says, taking a step to the side to avoid a suspicious-looking lump barely covered by fresh snow.

Marcus laughs. “I also forgot how unbelievably grumpy you are in the morning.”

“It’s not my fault people are unbelievably annoying in the morning,” she says, hiding her smile by taking another sip from her coffee mug.

“Like the chipper barista who wished you a good day and got a death glare in return?”

“Yeah, super annoying, unacceptable behavior really.”

“Yeah, jeez, get your spirit crushed like the rest of us already,” Marcus says in jest, turning to Avery, his messy hair backlit by the morning sun. “So … still feeling good about this?”

"Well, yeah," Avery says, kicking at a lump of snow. "Just, uh, a bit uncomfortable I guess."

Avery had refrained from using the bathroom this morning to hurry things along a bit, she still has to go into the office in a few hours. Her bladder has been complaining for a while now and the coffee is not making her urgency any better.

"Should we go straight to the restroom? You shouldn't hold morning urine for very long you know, and like, women are much more susceptible to UTIs because of how their—"

"Have you been reading up?" Avery asks, an amused smile playing on her lips as she looks up at Marcus.

"Not 'reading up', I just … googled a bit."

"Well, you don't have to worry about me." Avery picks up the pace. Marcus doesn't have to worry about her, but she does need to get to the restroom sooner rather than later. Marcus matches her strides with ease, and they can soon see the boxy little building that houses the restrooms.

The trail stretching in front of them is empty, as is the trail behind them. No other people that might need to use the restrooms, good. Anxiety still rises inside of Avery.

"What if I can't go?" She blurts out.

"Don't think about it, Ave. Just try, and if it doesn't work it doesn't work. We still got the backup plan."

The restrooms are right in front of them now, the small LED lights on the door handles shining green to show there's no one inside.

Avery takes a breath and blows it out, her bladder giving a twinge as she trains her eyes on the restroom door. "Yeah, I'll give it a try."

"Good, I'll wait at the bench."

Avery pulls the door open and walks into the chilly restroom. It’s clean and well kept and when she starts unbuttoning her snow pants the chill in the air makes her urge to pee skyrocket. She barely has time to clench her muscles before a small spurt makes its way out, dampening her underwear. She scrambles to get her clothing out of the way, her face heating at the thought of losing control when she’s so close to the toilet, but at the same time feeling thankful that her body seems so willing to let go that she doesn’t even care if some of it ends up in her pants.

Another spurt escapes her as she’s about to sit down on the toilet seat, wetting her thighs and dripping down on the floor, adding to the melting snow she’s tracked in. Her heart is racing as she sits down, the cold of the toilet seat sending a jolt through her body, making her suck in a breath, tensing her thighs, her muscles clenching and locking up.

“No,” she groans, forming her hands into fists, wanting to punch something but ends up just shaking them in the air, like a child throwing a hissy fit.

She tries taking a few deep breaths but it just turns into a trembling panting for air. Stupid, piece of shit body, why can’t I do this?? The anger mixes with a feeling of defeat as she tries to relax her muscles only for them to twitch and tense up even more. She thinks of Marcus waiting for her outside, probably playing that stupid tower defense game on his phone even if it’ll make his fingers ache from the cold. What must he think of her? She’s the one who suggested this exposure, the one that implied that it’d be doable. Hard, yeah, but not impossible.

She knows it’s time to call it quits when her thighs start going numb from the cold hard seat and it feels like there’s a wall preventing the urine from coming out. The moment she gets her panties on again though, the damp fabric pressing against her, she gets that toe-curling urge again. She looks down at the toilet again, her muscles tensing again, making the decision to pull up her pants and button the snow pants, an easy one to take and she can feel herself relaxing when she turns around and opens the door, the sun warming her face.

There’s a warm sensation in her panties as well, but there’s no sharp urge, no spurts and gushes, just a continuous warmth, a slow drip offering no real relief. She tries to clench, to stop it, but her tired muscles do not want to respond. She takes a few hesitant steps, scared that any jostling of her bladder will prompt it to release all of it. But … that was the plan, right? She can let go. No one will notice. Marcus—

She looks over at the bench where Marcus is sitting, phone in hand, his take-out cup beside him on the bench probably cold now if it’s not empty. She doesn’t want to stand all the way over here, alone and ashamed, peeing herself. The realization rushes through her and she starts walking as fast as she can over to the bench.

Marcus smiles at her when she sees her coming, but his expression turns confused and he stands up, putting his phone back in his jacket pocket.

“Hey, is everything ok—” his sentence ends in a huff of air as Avery pulls him into an embrace, her arms slung over his shoulders as she leans her head against his chest. She’s trembling, the urge to pee back, coming in waves, the slow drip turning into a trickle.

“Can we—can you just hold me?”

“Yeah, of course, Aves,” Marcus says, his hands finding her hips, giving them a squeeze.

“It didn’t work, I’m sorry, I can’t hold it,” Avery explains before a gush drenches her panties, the warmth spreading to the seat of her pants, down the inside of her thighs as she feels her stream picking up, the tickling sensation as it pushes through her folds. She blushes as a waft of air comes up through the neck opening of her jacket and brings with it the strong smell of morning urine.

She groans from the humiliation of it, tensing up and curling in on herself, her bladder protesting her efforts to stem the flow with a sharp pain that makes her hiss.

Marcus shushes her and pulls her closer, rocking her back and forth. “You’re okay, it’s okay.”

She doesn’t have a chance after that. It feels like her legs will give out at the relief that floods through her, out of her, when she's finally able to relax. She doesn't think she's ever been able to relax this fully when she pees, not even when she is at home, alone, behind locked doors.

It pours out of her, unimpeded, rapidly soaking her pants, cradling her in warmth as the fabric of her pants clings to her legs. The rough material of Marcus' jacket scratches her cheek slightly as she pushes into it harder, hearing the hard, fast rhythm of Marcus' heart underneath. She moans and Marcus' breath hitches.

She can feel the pee wetting her socks as well, getting in her shoes, and it's a testament to how lost she is in the sensation that she doesn't immediately start fretting over how to clean them. As her stream comes to an end she’s left with a different sort of heat, pooling in her lower belly, making her ache. She squeezes her thighs together, wriggling her hips, just the tiniest of movements to revel in the sensation a bit longer.

Marcus lets out a shaky breath above her, giving her one last squeeze before loosening his grip. “Jesus, this is like, the final boss of not popping a boner I swear to god.”

Avery snorts out a laugh. “I said I’m fine with it, I’m not taking it back now.”

“Yeah, just,” Marcus winces, angling his body away from Avery to discreetly adjust himself. “Sorry.”

“Seriously, no big deal,” Avery reassures, squirming a bit as the winter cold starts nestling its way inside her soaked pants. “Can we head back to my place now?”

“Yeah, I’ll drop you off.”

Marcus had driven them out here but it’s not a long drive from Avery’s apartment, not even a long walk. But Avery figured that even a 10-minute walk in soaked pants in the middle of winter wouldn’t be a good idea.

“You’re heading home?” Avery asks.

Marcus clears his throat. “Uh, yeah, I don’t think I’d be very comfortable if I don’t … well,” his eyes flicker down as a way to explain.

“Oh, yeah, of course,” Avery says, and in a moment of rashness fueled by the giddy, exalted relief, and probably horniness, yeah, mostly horniness, she adds, “you could still come back to my place though.”

Marcus' eyebrows scrunch together at the same time as his eyes grow wide, the expression making Avery smile. “You do realize that I’m talking about jerking off, right?”

“I got that, yeah,” Avery laughs.

Avery can almost hear the cogs clicking into place as Marcus' expression softens, his eyes growing that slight tint darker and the corner of his mouth turning up. “Well, yeah, fuck, let's go to your place.”

***

The sex will continue being fade-to-black, implied scenes throughout the story.

*013*2023-09-23 07:51

{{12 minutes ago, Matias said:

I thinner this story got a good potential of being one of the big classics in this forum site! Keep going!

}}

Åh, tack! What a nice comment. I'm really enjoying writing these characters so I'll definitely follow it through to the end (probably 3 more chapters)

*014*2023-09-25 19:10

Chapter 6: Night out - Part 1

"I think you should go," Marcus says at the other end of the line, his voice weirdly strained.

"What are you doing?"

He grunts and Avery feels herself grow hotter. This is ridiculous Avery, get it together. "Oh, sorry, my boss asked me to move these big bags of kibble, that was the last one."

Avery's thoughts go unbidden to Marcus in a tight t-shirt, sweat beading on his forehead, his muscles flexed and swollen from the—

"Ave? You still there?"

"Yeah," she says, voice cracking. She clears her throat. "Yeah, I'm here."

"Well, as I was saying, I really think you should go out with your coworkers tonight. You can't stay in with me every night,"—his voice softens, pitch lowering—"even if I'm very much enjoying it."

Avery very much enjoys it too. She and Marcus have been dating, hooking up, whatever you’d call it, for months now and it’s been amazing. Avery had even gotten comments from her coworkers on how she was “glowing” during those first couple of weeks, the women in the office asking her if she’d done something with her hair and what skincare routine she was following. They’d found out about Marcus soon after and Avery realized that maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea to open up a bit more to her coworkers. The stress she’d been experiencing at work got a ton better after that as well and she’d even grown close to some of her colleagues, the same ones that have invited her to come out with them this evening.

“Fine, I’ll go. Speaking of, I have to go back to work now,” Avery says, pulling her pants up and flushing the toilet.

“Managed to go alright?”

“Yes, thanks for talking to me.”

“Anytime Aves, bye.”

Yeah, about the shy bladder thing. Avery can use the bathroom at work now, and in most places where there aren’t a lot of people around. There’s just one small caveat; she has to talk to Marcus at the same time or have him with her. They are still working on it but compared to how it was six months ago she’s happy with the progress.

The issues with this evening, and why Avery is so apprehensive about going, is because they’ll be at a bar. It’s quiz night which means Avery won’t be able to ditch halfway through, not unless she wants to leave her coworkers one woman short for the team. She also doesn’t want to run to the restroom in the middle of the quiz and then get weird looks from her coworkers when she takes forever in there if she can even go. That’s the other issue. The restrooms. She’s been there before and they are a nightmare. For her at least.

There’s a row of stalls directly to the right when you enter and they have a huge gap down at the floor and there’s even gaps between the door and the walls of the stall when you close it. And don’t get her started on the acoustics. It echoes, every little sound echoes, if you blink in there it echoes. Avery shivers just thinking about it. Luckily she’s used to holding her pee, so a few hours at a bar, even if she drinks a bit, shouldn’t pose any problems. Marcus is picking her up right after as well. It’s gonna be fine.

The evening rolls around and Avery is just arriving at the small pub they're meeting at. She pulls at the thigh-length black skirt she decided on wearing tonight before stepping inside.

She sees her coworkers straight away, sitting at a high table close to the stage where the quiz master will be asking the questions.

"Avery!" One of her coworkers, Jess, calls out. She's dressed in a pink satin slip dress with an even pinker cardigan on top. "Here's your seat, right next to me."

"Watch out, she’s a sloppy drunk so she might spill on you," a woman sitting next to Jess says.

"I'll make sure to do all my spilling your way, babe," Jess says, grabbing the other woman's chin and shaking it playfully. Ah, that must be Jess' girlfriend, Lynn.

"Don't worry my sweet children, I have wet wipes in my purse for all and any needs. I'd rather not do more wiping than necessary though, I get enough of that at home," Beth says, the other of Avery's coworkers and the one who had invited her tonight. "So, Avery, what're you drinking? First round is on me tonight."

"Oh, uh, just a beer thanks."

"Coming right up."

The quiz starts shortly after Beth returns with a beer for Avery and a tall glass of something Avery's pretty sure would get her drunk just from smelling it.

They actually know most of the questions, or at least think they know them, but somewhere after the first 5 questions they start losing focus, the buzz of the alcohol and loosened inhibitions making for conversations more interesting than the quiz.

They buy another round of drinks during the short pause before the second round of the quiz starts and vow to take this round more seriously.

During a argument on what J.R.R Tolkiens initials really stands for, Lynn being dead set on the second R standing for “Reuel” and Jess being sure she just made that up, Beth makes a sudden startled noise and dashes off to the restrooms. Jess looks over at Avery and shrugs her shoulders with a smile on her face at the same time that Lynn steals the pen and jots down “Reuel” as their answer. After a couple of more questions, Beth joins them again.

"Sorry, my bladder is still hella sketchy after baby number two. Thank God for poise pads," she laughs. "Oh, sorry, TMI."

Jess take a sip of her beer and points the bottle at Beth. "If my pharmacy story wasn't TMI—"

"Sort of was, babe," Lynn mumbles with a smile on her face, looking at her girlfriend.

"—then that is most definitely not TMI."

"Your pharmacy story?" Avery asks.

"Here we go," Lynn says, stirring her drink while Jess slaps her on the arm.

"Avery can't be the only one in the friend group who hasn't heard it!"

Lynn turns to Avery. "Trust me, you can, save yourself. Run! I'll distract her with drinks and boobs."

Avery snickers.

"Don't encourage her, Avery," Jess says, laughing as well. She takes another sip of her beer and clears her throat. "You're getting the story. Think of it as your initiation to the friend group."

"Well, after a build-up like that, I've gotta hear it."

"Okay. The background to this story is that I get UTIs often, and it’s been like that all my life so I'm pretty skilled at handling them. Anyway, one Saturday morning I woke up with that stinging feeling, you know, and it's just typical that it happens on a Saturday because my regular doctor's office is closed on the weekends.

"At first I'm thinking that, okay, that's fine, I'll just hydrate and call on Monday if it gets worse, right? Um, wrong. Already that evening it felt like I was pissing literal fire, and I knew that it wasn't going to get better without antibiotics.

"I have an emergency plan set up with my regular doctor so I called urgent care and yada yada, I got a prescription for antibiotics, so I just needed to get to the pharmacy before it closed in 20 minutes and get them. I knew that I had to pee first though so I ran to the bathroom to do a quick pee and … nothing.

"I don't know if my body was trying to protect me from the pain or something but it was not having it. I couldn't squeeze out a single drop and I couldn't sit there forever, I had to get to the pharmacy right away, so I said fuck it, ran to the car, and drove over to the pharmacy.

"Since it was right before closing there was literally no one there except for the pharmacist and a guy who was like the assistant or something, stocking the shelves. I spoke to the pharmacist and while she was fixing my meds I walked around looking at some creams and stuff, you know, and BAM all of a sudden I got that burning, pissing fire, feeling. At first I was just confused, like, why does it hurt this bad for no reason?

"Well, turns out it wasn’t for 'no reason', it was because I was actually peeing. And like I said earlier, I've had my fair share of UTIs, and sure, there's been close calls but this was just—" Jess imitates the sounds of an explosion, opening her hands to go with the sound. "It was soaking through my pants, dripping onto the floor, and all I could do was stand there and wait for it to stop.

“Then when it did I walked over to the assistant guy and told him what happened, asked if he could recommend some diapers,” Jess laughs, emptying her beer.

"You didn't!" Avery says, almost choking on her beer, face heating.

"Well I didn't want to piss myself again, and they have them there so I thought, why not ask?"

"When you do the ‘background to the story’ bit you should also add the fact that you are completely shameless," Beth chuckles in the background.

"Well, I like to think that that story raises the roof on any embarrassing shit anyone might want to share. I don't want anyone to go around hurting because they're ashamed to talk about stuff."

Lynn puts down her drink and draws Jess into a hug. "You're so sweet, but in such a weird way, baby."

Avery feels as if she can’t breathe. Do they know about my … problem? No, they can’t, right? Fuck. Avery grabs her phone and stands, almost knocking over her beer. “I, uh, I’m just off to the restroom.”

“Yeah, okay, we’re losing the quiz horrendously anyway,” Beth says but turns to her as she passes, Lynn and Jess talking loudly with each other. “You okay?”

“Yeah, just, too much beer, you know."

Beth nods and gives her a warm smile, and Avery feels bad even though it wasn't a lie. She does need to use the restroom, more than she had expected to at this point in the evening, but it's fine. The quiz is almost over and Marcus is picking her up in 40 minutes.

There is no one else in the restroom when Avery gets there, she doesn't even have to bend down to see that the stalls are all empty, the gap at the floor just as nightmarishly big as she remembered it. She calls Marcus anyway at the slim chance that she'll be able to pee if she talks to him.

It rings, and rings, and rings. That's weird. He’s supposed to be home right now. Maybe he's gaming and has his headset on? But he always keeps his phone close by, he should hear it anyway. She tries again, still no answer. Okay, no need to panic. He's probably in the bathroom or something.

She checks the time. 36 minutes until he's picking her up. That's nothing, she can hold it. She looks in the mirror, reapplying her lip gloss, her bladder throbbing as her gaze lands on the toilets behind her. I can hold it.

***

A bit of a set-up chapter this time.

*015*2023-09-26 17:45

{{1 hour ago, mourn365 said:

I looked it up and that's ACTUALLY what it stands for???? What??????

}}

Haha, remember it and impress someone with your knowledge 😆

*016*2023-10-05 12:14

Chapter 7: Night out - Conclusion

Avery keeps checking her phone every couple of minutes. She sent a text to Marcus, in addition to the handful of calls she’s made, asking him to call her up but he hasn't even seen it. What is he doing??

"We need to do this more often," Jess says, slurring her words and talking a bit too loudly.

"Definitely," Beth agrees. "And next quiz night we're shooting for first place, right Avery?"

Avery looks up from her phone. "Uh, yeah, first place, totally." She's sitting with her legs crossed, as she has for the last twenty minutes, but it's not really helping anymore. She blames that last beer for the alarming increase in her desperation this last half hour.

Lynn—holding on tight to Jess to keep her from tumbling down the chair—puts on her jacket. "Time for us to get going, the last bus leaves in ten minutes."

Avery's last bus leaves now, but there’s a reason she asked Marcus to pick her up. Firstly she doesn’t want to ride a bus while bursting to pee and secondly, the bus takes forty minutes whereas driving takes ten, and those ten minutes are already going to be touch and go on whether she'll stay dry. If only Marcus would call her already.

"Come with me to the restroom?" Beth asks after they've hugged Jess and Lynn goodbye, hooking her arm in Avery's and turning toward their destination.

Avery has no choice but to clench her muscles and hop down from the high chair, hoping that the impact won't jostle her bladder too much as she tries to keep up with Beth, seemingly always in a rush to get to the toilet.

"Can you hold my purse?" Beth asks when they enter the restrooms, squirming a bit, hands already at the button of her jeans as she makes for one of the stalls. Avery hears her cursing under her breath before the sound of pee hissing into the toilet bowl echoes through the room.

The sound makes Avery blush. She imagines that she is the one sitting there, pissing forcefully into the porcelain bowl, the stream bouncing off the hard surface and wetting her thighs. Fuck. She really has to pee. She squeezes her thighs together and hunches over to try and ease the sudden urge that hits her.

She almost drops Beth's purse, and when she grabs it she accidentally glances inside. Beth had mentioned that she wore incontinence pads, and inside the purse are a handful of pale pink squares. Before Avery knows what she's doing she takes one of them and stuffs it in her jacket pocket, leaving her just enough time to straighten up and look—she hopes—calm and collected when Beth comes out of the stall.

"Thank you," Beth says when Avery returns the bag. She can't help but sneak a look at Beth's crotch while she washes her hands, wondering if the curse she let out after entering the stall was because of an unwanted leak, but there’s nothing to see. Of course there’s nothing to see, that's why she wears the pads.

Avery checks her phone again, on the off chance that she missed a call from Marcus. She didn't, and it’s only three minutes until he's supposed to pick her up.

"You've been checking your phone a lot, something the matter?" Beth asks, drying her hands.

"Uh, no, it’s just Marcus. He's supposed to pick me up in a couple of minutes and I haven't been able to reach him. I'm sure it's nothing."

"We could probably give you a ride home, my husband is on his way now. You'd have to squeeze in between two baby car seats though, but you're skinny, you'd fit."

"No, it’s okay, he probably ran down to the store and left his phone at home or something. I'm sure he's on his way now as well," Avery says, trying to convince both herself and Beth.

Beth's phone dings. "Oh, he's here, got to run, the baby will wake up if the car's not moving. See you at work on Monday," she says, giving Avery a quick hug before exiting the restroom.

Marcus is supposed to be here now as well. Avery wonders if she should at least try to pee before she goes outside and waits at the parking lot down the street where she told Marcus to pick her up. There's no one in the restroom, and the pub has been steadily emptying since the quiz ended. Yeah, she'll try.

Her bladder pulsates with need as she opens the stall door and sees the toilet. "Hold that thought," she mutters, hoping that her bladder won't pull the same crap it usually does when it gets like this. There have been several occasions lately where she has started leaking while pulling down her panties, only for it to stop the moment her ass touches the toilet seat. Incredibly frustrating.

She's trying not to think of those moments right now though. Positive thoughts, Avery, visualize sitting down at the toilet, your muscles relaxing and the pee flowing out without any issues.

She has to shove her hand between her legs for a moment, her visualization perhaps too successful as she feels her muscles relax, threatening to let a spurt of pee out. When the urge passes and she gets her panties and stockings down there's a wet spot covering most of the gusset of her panties. Damn it.

She sits down, a few drops making it into the toilet bowl before her muscles clamp shut, as usual. She sighs and sticks her hand down her jacket pocket looking for her phone but instead finds the crinkling pink pad. She's not incontinent. She's not. But … using the pad would be convenient. She won't feel the cold wetness of her panties pressing against her for one, the sensation always making it even harder to hold her pee, which she will be able to do. She doesn't need the pad, but …

She takes it out of her pocket and opens the wrapper. When she folds it out she's surprised at how large it is, and thick. She blushes when she thinks of Beth hurrying to the restroom. If this is the size she needs she probably loses quite a lot before making it all the way there.

She sticks the pad to her panties before she can change her mind, the soft padding feeling way better than the wet fabric would have done when she pulls on her panties again, carefully doing the same with her stockings. She checks her phone one last time before leaving the restroom, and the pub, behind. No missed calls, no new messages. Why doesn't he call back?

It's cold and dark outside, the early spring warmth present in the days not yet carrying over into the evenings. Avery is glad she chose to wear her boots tonight. She's not drunk enough to have had any problems walking in heels, but it would have been colder.

When she arrives at the parking lot, it's all but empty except for a couple of cars that look like they've been standing there for a while, dirty and covered in last year's leaves. She leans against a bicycle shed and picks up her phone again, tapping out another message to Marcus.

A: waiting at the parking lot. U better have a damn good reason for not being here

She doesn't mention how badly she needs to go. Marcus can probably figure it out anyway, which makes Avery even more angry with him. The cold is creeping in and Avery hears a group of drunk people off in the distance, probably heading from the pub. There's another sound as well, a snapping of a twig to the side of her that has her turning around. She lets out a yelp at the large dog standing beside her, wagging his tail happily.

Her eyes grow wide and she sucks in a sharp breath at the gush of warmth between her legs quickly getting absorbed by the pad, so quickly that she almost starts to believe that the sensation was all in her head. That is until another gush warms her pussy, the feeling almost pleasant as the pad wicks away the wetness, keeping her loss of control a secret.

"Riley!" A voice calls, the dog's ears perking up, as it turns toward the sound. Avery squeezes her thighs together, the pad pressing against her, damp and warm. She realizes she can't even tell if she’s still going. The usual sign, the saturation of her panties reaching the point where a trickle starts making its way down her thighs, is not there due to the absorbent padding between her legs.

She wants to grab herself, but she can glimpse the owner of the dog jogging toward them. She squeezes her thighs harder, clenching her muscles, her muscles twitching from the effort of preventing another gush.

"I'm so sorry," the owner says as she bends down to pick up the leash. "He didn't scare you?"

Just enough to make me pee my pants. "No, no, it’s okay, he just startled me a bit."

"Bad dog, Riley! You never act like this with Daddy now, do you? No, you don't," the owner chastises the dog, picking up the leash and giving Avery one last apologetic shrug of her shoulders before jogging off.

When the dog owner is out of sight Avery steps inside the roofed bike shed, hunching over, her knees rubbing together and her hands going between her thighs. She feels it now, she's definitely still going. There's a warmth spreading, first to the front, the pad swelling beneath her hands, before traveling to the back.

Shit, how much am I leaking?? She wonders when the pad will start leaking as well, there can't be much capacity left. Her tired muscles are just waiting for her to stop fighting it, prepared to let out the four bottles of beer worth of piss inside of her the moment she does.

She vaguely hears footsteps closing in. "Ave?? Oh my god, I'm so sorry, how are—"

Avery looks up at Marcus, whining, her bladder spasming painfully. "I have to pee, now, it hurts," she says but doesn't move her hands from her crotch.

Marcus moves closer, the familiar scent of his shampoo carrying in the wind, his jacket rustling as he puts a hand on her hip, nudging her so that she leans against the wall.

"Babe, you gotta move your hands, your skirt will get wet."

Avery just shakes her head. She doesn't want to have an accident, she doesn't want to give up, even though she knows it's over.

"You're hurting yourself," Marcus says, concern evident in his voice as his fingers touch Avery's wrist, and he gets a thoughtful expression on his face.

Before Avery can comprehend what is happening Marcus takes a firm grip on both of her wrists with one hand and brings them up above her head, holding them against the shed wall. His other hand hoists up her skirt, his thumb grazing over the slight bulge of her lower stomach.

"Come on Ave, let go," he says, so close his breath is fanning her cheek, his thumb stroking where her bladder flutters, begging for release.

It's not your fault, you have no choice, he's making you wet yourself, her brain tries to reason with her and in some way, it does make sense. Another wave courses through her, crashing down, she gasps, it’s right there, the gushes making way for a pressure, building, and building, the ache almost sweet as she leans against Marcus' shoulder, his jacket muffling the drawn-out moan she lets out as she finally finds relief.

She was right in assuming the pad was at capacity, or maybe it's just not meant to withstand the torrent of pee that jets out of her. It almost instantly floods the pad, the hot liquid flowing out to the sides of it, her thighs glistening in the shine of the streetlight, steam rising in the cool night air.

&&

Avery would have been so embarrassed if she had looked down, but she doesn’t. Her eyes are closed, her face buried in Marcus' jacket, her cold legs slowly thawing from the warmth traveling down them.

"There you go," Marcus says, bringing her hands down and pulling her in. Avery makes a small sound of protest, not wanting Marcus to get wet, get dirty, but her mind soon focuses back on the feeling between her legs, the forceful stream seemingly never-ending. After what could have been seconds, or minutes, her bladder pushes the last of the urine out, leaving her with a few more moments of bliss, finally empty but still warm. "I'm so sorry for not getting here in time. They called from the clinic and asked me to assist in a high-risk whelping and I couldn't—"

"Wait … you were saving puppies??"

"Uh, yeah, I guess. Everyone was alive and well when I left. Five puppies and a tired mother."

Avery smacks his chest. "Now I can't even be mad at you! Five puppies?? God," Avery laughs.

"Still, I should have sent a text telling you I might be late."

"And I shouldn't have had that last beer, we've all made mistakes tonight," she says, an embarrassed smile playing on her face at the sound of her feet squelching in her boots.

"Ready to head back home?"

"Yeah, just … give me a second?"

"Uh, sure, I'll wait in the car?"

"Thanks."

As Marcus makes his way across the parking lot Avery quickly turns around, reaching her hand into her panties where the heavy, fully saturated pad rests. She works it loose, pulling it out and quickly discarding it in the trash can in the corner.

Walking over to the car she decides she won’t tell Marcus about it. She winces at what feels like a whole lake's worth of liquid in her boots, yeah, it’ll be embarrassing enough having to pour that out before getting in the car without telling him about the incontinence pad she stole from a colleague. Some things are better kept secret.
