A Hidden Accident (+ illustrations)

Author: GotaSecret

*018*2023-10-16 15:19

Chapter 8: By the Sea and Sand - Part 1

Marcus takes another sip from the water bottle he has taken to carry with him and wipes the sweat off his brow. It's hot out today, and he and Avery are currently stuffed in his shitty old Toyota heading to the beach. Jess and Lynn—Avery's friend from work and her girlfriend—are meeting them there.

"It’s going to look like I've already gone for a swim when we get there, I’m sweating buckets," Avery says, fanning herself. She picks up Marcus' water bottle and shakes it, finding it almost empty. "Didn't you refill this before we left?"

He had, and to be honest, it's not because he's been particularly thirsty that the bottle is almost empty again. Ever since Marcus realized that pee, and more specifically desperation and wetting, turns him on he's been experimenting. On his own. Sure, Avery's told him that she doesn’t mind if he gets hard watching her have an accident, and there have been a couple of instances where things turned heated after her having one, but he hasn't gotten the impression that Avery gets off on it in the same way he does.

So, the almost empty water bottle, his third one today, is part of today's game. It's not the first time he's been desperate in public, but it's the first time where he plans on not making it to the bathroom. But since he doesn’t want to wet himself in front of a beach full of people plus Avery's friends, not in a way that shows at least, he figures the sea—nature's bathroom—is the perfect compromise.

The treeline outside the car window gives way to the view of the jam-packed beach, the sea twinkling in the sun. Marcus' stomach flips at the thought of what he’s planning, his bladder aching sweetly.

"There they are!" Avery says, waving to Jess and Lynn who's sitting beneath a large parasol some distance away. They trudge over there, the hot sand burning Marcus' feet where it gets in his sandals.

"Hey, babes!" Jess calls out, giving Avery a tight hug while Marcus starts scouting for a good spot to dig a hole for their parasol.

"Found a parking spot okay?" Lynn asks, putting down her worn pocketbook— Stephen King Marcus notes—and peaking up at him from under her black, wide-brimmed sun hat.

"Yeah, a bunch of people left just as we got here, guess the heat got to them."

“Figures. People are way too lax about hydrating in the heat, we get heaps of patients each day when it’s as hot as this. Heat exhaustion, dehydration, you name it.”

Marcus laughs. “Tell me about it, my patients have a couple more legs than yours though.”

“Ah, yeah, Avery told me, you’re a veterinarian, right?”

“Full-fledged as of a couple of weeks ago.”

“That’s amazing, dude, congratulations.”

“Thanks,” Marcus says, moving on to setting up the beach chairs and the parasol to get some shade. The effort makes him sweat, but he’s not worried about getting dehydrated. Not with the amount of water he’s had today.

Avery walks up behind him. “Where did you put the cooler?” she asks, looking around, and spotting it behind one of the chairs. “Never mind, found it! Do you want something to drink?”

Marcus' bladder gives a twinge at the suggestion. “No, I’m good,” he says, taking a seat and pulling his shirt off leaving him in just his swim trunks. They’re a dark navy blue with narrow stripes on them, reaching down just above his knees, and he specifically chose them because he knows they look basically the same wet as they do dry. He still plans on going in the sea, for the most part, but there’s something about letting those first few leaks happen while he’s still in dry clothes, far from where he should be relieving himself, that he finds enticing.

“I’ve been drinking way too much today,” Jess complains, squirming a bit where she stands next to Avery, waiting for her to get done drinking.

Lynn shakes her head. “You’re drinking way too little every other day, babe, and dehydrati—”

“‘Dehydration in this heat is no joke’, yeah, yeah, I know. But it also makes me need to pee every hour. The sea is, like, 7% my pee now.”

Avery sputters. “Wait, why do you go in the sea when they have restrooms here?”

“Oh, the restrooms are closed, something about a burst pipe I think? I honestly didn’t read the note on the door that carefully, I was about to burst as well.”

Avery recaps the bottle of water, and Marcus is just about to say something when Lynn beats him to it. “Hey, Avery, you really shouldn’t avoid drinking just because the restrooms are closed. If they don’t want people peeing in the sea they should make sure the restrooms are functional, right?”

Avery blushes, but it could easily be attributed to the heat. “No, I, uh … I just have a really hard time, uh, going in the water. Or, anywhere unfamiliar really.”

