My best friend's mother

Author: Gothes

*000*2022-02-23 06:39

My best friend Maggie called me the other day with a suspiciously distressed tone in her voice that got me worried. After I asked what was wrong she said:

“Samy, could you please, please, PLEASE, do me and my mom a big favor tomorrow?”

Relieved that nobody had died I sighed and then, of course, I wanted to know what this favour was about.

“My mother is coming back from her business trip tomorrow evening and I just realized that I can’t go pick her up because of my job interview!” Those were her words.

For better understanding I should mention that an hour before she called, Maggie got an imprtant email for a last second job interview on the next day - which stared at 6pm, unfortunately the same time her mom was supposed to arrive at the train station.

Tortured by a slight panick attack my best friend told me how she tried to convince her potentially future boss to move the interview on another day or at least a few hours earlier but due to scheduling issues it wasn’t possible. This was an important opportunity for Maggie that she couldn’t miss.

“Can’t you ask somebody else in your family?” I tried my best to avoid doing this favour. The train station was over an hour’s drive away from my house and I had no intention to spend my friday night driving out of town, into the city to not only pick my friend’s mom up but then to also drive her home afterwards. Maggie’s family lives in the middle of nowhere, in a rural area far away from the city or any kind of modern(ish) civilisation, the return journey would’ve taken me more than half an hour longer because of the different roads I had to drive on.

But of course I agreed to go pick her up in the end. Of course. Because I’m a good friend, I love Maggie and I’ve always had a good relationship with her mother too.

“Oh thank you, thank you, thank you! I owe you something!”, my friend screamed over the phone followed by a deep apology for putting this “burden” as she said, onto me.

And so, as promised, the next day right before 6pm, I walked inside the train station and waited for Maggie’s mother to finally appear.

Fortunately, I didn’t have to wait long! We quickly spotted eachother in the distance and she greeted me by happily waving her hand.

“Hi, Nelly!”, I told her.

“Samuel! Oh, thank you so much for coming! I’m so sorry for making you do this!” She gave me a warm hug as a sign of gratitude.

As I mentioned before, I always got along well with her. We’ve known eachother since I was a child and over the years she became like a second mother to me. I know, it sounds corny but that’s how it is.

After the excitement of our reunion had settled I was ready to carry Nelly’s little suitcase out to the car as she said to me: “Wait! I’d like to buy you something to eat, Samuel, before we leave, as a thank you! I’m sure you didn’t have dinner yet!” She was right, but I politely refused. Nelly however insisted and since she clearly felt bad for making me drive all the way here I eventually accepted, hoping it would make her feel a little better.

There was a little kiosk right outside the station where we then had a drink, ate a sandwich, all accompanied by a nice conversation between the two of us. Everytime Nelly and I talk I get reminded by how similar she and Maggie actually are. Black hair with bright blue eyes, the same dimples when they smile and a soft way of talking which emphasizes both of the girls’ overall friendlieness even more. It sometimes feels like I’m talking to a fifty year old copy of Maggie.

Anyway, we didn’t spend to much time at the kiosk since we still had an almost two hour ride home in front of us. We went to the car, put her luggage in the trunk and drove off into the night. As we left the city and began to drive up the country road things got quiet. We were both exhausted, one more than the other, and so we spend most of our time silently lost in our own thoughts.

Almost 45 minutes after we’d left the station I suddenly began to notice some nervous twiches coming from Nelly. I didn’t bother to ask at first for I was to focused on driving. It wasn’t until I heard a silent, almost repressed sigh coming out of her mouth where I finally realized that something wasn’t quite right, so I asked: “Is everything ok, Nelly? You sound a bit stressed?”

She answered with a nervous chuckle followed by good two seconds of silence. I waited patiently for an answer and eventually she whispered: “I could need a toilet right now!”

The strong embarassement in her voice didn’t go unnoticed. I was admittedly surprised by this statement and had no clue what to do now since there was no place for us to stop the car.

Worried, but still trying to be calm, I asked: “Can you hold it until home?”

Nelly mumbled frustrated: “I have to.”

She knew aswell as me that the road didn’t allow us to pull over somewhere anytime soon.

“You can do it, Nelly! Don’t worry.” I reassured her. She smiled and gave me a gentle rub on the shoulder. Silence returned as our journey went on. There weren’t any big signs of trouble coming from my friend’s mother so I quickly stopped worrying about her situation assuming that she had all under control.

Half an hour later, Nelly broke the silence once more: “Do you really think we can’t pull over somewhere?” Her voice now sounded even more distressed and embarassed than before. The woman was clearly in trouble even if she didn’t want to show it.

“Is it really that urgent?”

It was then when Nelly confessed me that she already needed to pee when she arrived at the station. She however, refused to use the toilet because she didn’t want to bother my spirit even more by making me wait longer. I think Maggie must’ve told her mother somehow that I wasn’t particularly happy to go pick her up thus inflicting Nelly with feelings of guilt. Apparently she preferred to put herself into more discomfort in order to make me less grumpy.

Does that make sense to you? Doesn’t matter. The point is, Nelly now was about to burst and the coke she drank at the kiosk earlier wasn’t gonna improve the situation at all.

“I’m sorry, Nelly. There’s no safe place for me to stop!”, I answered carefully.

“It’s ok, Samy, don’t worry. I don’t want you to do something irresponsible just because I’m an idiot who can’t control her bladder.”

“Come on, Nelly, you’re not an idiot”, I tried to comfort her.

“You’re sweet”, she whispered. I smiled.

Strained she sighed with a shaky voice while I kept reassuring her that it was all going to be fine and that I was getting her home soon. I pushed the gas pedal and began to drive a little faster.

“I need to unbotton my pants. I’m sorry for being so rude! It’s the only thing I can do now to make me feel a little better.”

“Go ahead, Nelly. Don’t worry about me!”

She did as she said and opened all of her buttons, groaning while doing so.

“Better?”, I asked.

“Not really…”

Aroused by that situation I couldn’t help but throw a quick look at her groin. It was quite dark inside the car but the streetlights were bright enough to light up her purple panties and the lower part of her bloated belly. That little bit of bare skin that was peaking out from underneath her elegant black blouse made my heart race faster. There was something unexplainably sexy about that sight. I forced my eyes to stay on the road but they kept falling onto her puffy crotch which eventually got covered by one of her hands who seemed to press against the oncoming flow. As I threw a quick look at her face she was clearly feeling uneasy and the fact that she tried her best to keep her composure was probably worsening the situation. Nelly kept on biting the tip of her right thumb as she stared in the distance as if she hoped that her house would suddenly appear from out of the darkness.

More and more concerned I asked:“How’s it going?”

“I really gotta go!”, she mumbled with the thumb between her teeth.

An annoying sense of helplessness overcame me and made me feel rather bad. I wanted to stop, but the road just didn’t allow it.

“You know this area best”, I told her “don’t you know if there’s a safe spot where I could park the car?”

Nelly was thinking but let her head fall hopeless on her chest shortly after. She knew that she was doomed if her bladder didn’t resist until home.

“If there isn’t any other way, and it’s really that urgent then maybe it’s best if you just let go. I won’t tell anyone!”, I told her with the softest of voices. Nelly didn’t seem to like my thought and just said: “No, Samy. It’s very sweet that you’re worried about me but I don’t want to mess up your seat! I’m gonna make it until home, I promise!”

As time went by Nelly’s composure began to crumble. Her legs were shaking, her butt was wiggling and both hands were pressed against her crotch. All of this got accompanied by sudden moans and silent cussing.

“Could you maybe try to drive a little faster? Just a bit, don’t exaggerate.”

I granted her this wish and pressed the pedal down even more. I wasn’t racing but I reached the limit of what was allowed an what not on the road.

“Aaaah”, Nelly whined “it hurts!”

A grown up woman needing to pee, that was something I’d never seen before and a part of me was secretly enjoying this situation. This feeling only increased when Nelly groaned: “Oh God, my bladder is so full I can feel it with my hands!” and I said: “Really?”

She then proceeded to take my right hand off the wheel and place it onto her exposed bladder bulge so that I could get an idea of the situation. Her skin was soft and strangely warm, probably from constantly rubbing her hands all over it, and indeed I could feel the firmness of her inflated bladder.

Without taking to much advantage of the situation I gave her bulge only a slight rub followed by an even slighter push and then I moved my hand away from her while saying: “Let’s get you home now, Nelly!”

“Yes, please!” She sounded as if she was about to cry.

We were less than twenty minutes away from Nelly’s driveway and also both aware that it was going to be a very close call, so close that she might not even make it to the house door. I was genuinely curious to see how all of this chaos was going to end.

Nelly was squirming around in her seat so much that her pants began to slide down her butt. I don’t know if she noticed but I was definetly aware that her bare bottom got more and more visible. Oh how much I would’ve wanted to stop the car in that moment and just stare at Nelly and her naked bits of skin. What a sight and yet only a glimpse of it was what I got.

“Oh God, I’m about to piss myself!”

“No you won’t, Nelly, we’ll make it home safely!” I tried my best to keep her spirits up but she already went beyond her limits.

“It’s too far away! I can’t … I have to pee so bad!” and with the last bit of strenght Nelly gasped: “I’m so sorry, Samy! I’m so so sorry!”

Suddenly I began to hear splashes and I immediately understood what was happening. I didn’t see it, but I heard it. It was a muffeld hissing sound mixed with that squishy noise you hear whenever a wet kitchen towel gets gently squeezed. This (in my ears) happy melody grew stronger and louder in a matter of seconds.

Whining embarassed, Nelly tried to stop the flood with her hands but it didn’t take long for her to realize that there was nothing she could do anymore. Hopeless she leaned back in her seat and let her burbling pee stream gush through her jeans. That was the only noise you could hear inside the car in that moment. I was silent, Nelly was silent. Me, because I had absolutely no idea how to deal with the situation and her, because the shame cut off her voice.

Mortified she covered her face with both hands and started sobbing. I mercilessly took advantage of that to take a closer look at what was happening between her legs. A big puddle was forming, it was sparkling underneath the street lights. The piss stream was juicy and abundant and its smell was slowly taking over the inside of my vehicle.

“I’m sorry”, she whispered, so quiet that I barely heard her “I can’t stop it.”

I gently put a hand on her shoulder while looking back on the road and tried to give her some words of comfort.

“This would’ve never happened if I had gone to the bathroom in the station. I’m such a moron! And now your car smells like piss.”

“Nelly please don’t dwell on this to much now. It’s happened, let’s just accept it and forget it!”

As I said this last sentence the pee stream suddenly stopped. I guess she found her strenght back to hold the rest of it in. The puddle soaked itself into the seat. From the corner of my eye I saw her stroking the wet patch on the seat and then the one on her crotch and butt.

“It’s all wet! I fucking peed myself”, she whined in disbelief.

“It happens, Nelly. Don’t worry about it”, I reassured her with a happy tone in my voice.

EPILOGUE:

Nelly stopped talking to me until the end of our trip. She was angry, not at me, but at her and the outcome that she could’ve easily avoided.

“I’m such a fool”, was the last sentence that came out of her mouth before succumbing to the silence. Only after we finally arrived at our much anticipated destination she opened her mouth again and said: “If you need to get the seat cleaned I will definetly pay for it!”

I suggested her to talk about this on another day. She nodded and then got out. I turned on the lights inside the car to look at the mess she had just created and I’m not gonna lie, the patch was much bigger than I thought. Nelly was probably feeling the same since she gasped in shock when she saw it. Eventually our focus moved onto Nelly’s jeans. The wet spot looked harmless on the front but as she turned around and asked me how bad it was I just had to tell her the truth. The patch wasn’t much different from what she just saw on the seat. Frustrated she sighed and then turned back around. Nelly was in such a bad mood that you could almost say she was depressed.

“Can I make it up to you somehow?” Her sad voice made me feel incredibly bad for her. Poor Nelly, she was so happy when we met earlier.

“You don’t have to”, I replied.

“I have cake in the kitchen, come on”, Nelly mumbled. Once again I accepted just to lift her mood.

With her wet jeans wide open we walked over to the entrance. On our way there Nelly grumpily said: “I still need to pee!”

“Well, now we’re here, so there’s no need to worry anymore”, I joked.

The door was locked, nobody else seemed to be home yet. Nelly took the keys out of her pocket and began to look for the right one, slightly squirming while doing so.

“Ah fuck it”, Nelly groaned and put the keys back in her pocket. I got confused. She then proceeded to pull jeans and panties down and started peeing onto the lawn.

She definetly didn’t care about anything anymore.

The hissing sound from before entered my ears again, this time though it sounded even happier. I on the other hand looked away out of politeness, letting out a confused “ok..” as I saw her squatting in front of me.

With a tone that sounded almost annoyed she said to me: “Come on, Samy, join me. I’m sure you need to pee aswell by now.”

I couldn’t deny it and such an offer was just to good to turn down. I walked over to her and she smiled at me giggling. I guess she noticed that I took a quick glimpse between her legs before I reached her. I saw a nice, bare pussy with a golden stream of piss sprinkling out of it.

I decided to return the favor and placed myself next to Nelly in a way that she could also take a look at what was pouring out of me.

“Let’s not tell anyone about this”, Nelly whispered.

Oh how happy I was to have helped a friend out!

*003*2022-03-02 16:15

{{3 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

I can just about believe that Nelly decided to give up and pee on the lawn after already soaking her pants, but the part with Samuel spontaneously peeing with her was taking it too far. It also seems awkward to me that Samuel's peeing is described in a brief cursory way after the thorough description of Nelly's peeing. For me this was a weak ending to an otherwise strong story.

}}

Yup, I actually agree with you. I got carried away and wanted to let my fantasies run wild in the epilogue lol - that's also why I decided to isolate that part it from the main story.

Anyway, I'm happy you shared your opinion, nice to get some critique for once!

