Make-Believe

Author: Golden Queen

*000*2019-01-22 22:59

Make-Believe

You’re never too old to play.

“Ash, I’m home!”

I swung the door shut, dropping the keys with a clatter into their little tray. “Hello? You better not jump out at me!” I shifted where I stood, unsure of whether the journey to the living room was worth the risk. Without thinking, I felt my hand slowly traveled to my crotch, which was pulsing irritably.

Damn, I gotta go. If he scares me, he’s dead.

“I’m gonna use the bathroom, be right back!” When there was no response, I started racking my brain as to where he could be. The clock on the wall read 7:37, so surely he was home from work by now? Pressing my thighs together, I decided to wee now, worry later.

My bladder stuck out a little bit from my body, smooth and hard to the touch. As I shuffled towards the bathroom, I couldn’t help but imagine what it would be like if Ash caught me now, full and fidgeting, making a break for the toilet...

I pushed the thought out of my head. Ash and I had not had a session in months, and his message was clear: our omorashi play was a thing of the past.

The idea made me a little sad.

I reached for the doorknob, twisting it forcefully as I dipped up and down on the spot. Come on, Amy, you’ve held for way longer than this! What is wrong with you? My mind scampered, trying to comprehend why the door was not swinging open. “Ash? You in there?” When there was still no answer, I sighed, frustrated. So close, just hang in there. I pounded again and yelled, “Ash! Come on, I gotta go!” Right as I said that, I felt my legs tremble slightly, shaken by the wave of desperation that had hit me. I grabbed my crotch, squeezing tightly, and called out once more, “Hello!?”

“Amy Birch Trenson! Where have you been!?”

I whirled on the spot, shocked to see Ash standing there, arms crossed, staring down at me.

“Do you have any idea how worried your parents have been? They must have called me a hundred times, asking where you were! On their date night, too. How am I supposed to babysit you if you’ve flown off the map?”

I gazed up at him, mouth gaping open.

“Fine then,” he said, face as stern and (quite honestly) as handsome as ever. “If you won’t answer me, go sit in the living room.”

“Ash, I have to pee, but I’ll be there in a sec-”

“No, do you hear me? NOW!”

For a spit second, I saw his act diminish. He smiled, eyes sparkling with that mischievous look I loved so much. And then, all at once, the anger was back.

I could have leapt for joy.

It was staged, the whole thing. I grinned, quickly putting the pieces together.

Ash and I had always talked about doing a role play at one point. He must have set this up while I was at drama practice. The bathrooms are obviously locked, meaning he wants me to play along. Babysitting... ok, so I’m a kid. I can work with that. I adjusted my stance, removed my hands from my crotch, and slapped on a look of defiance.

“You’re not the boss of me!” I cried, planting my hands on my hips. “You’ve never been the boss of me!”

A shadowed crossed his face. He leaned forward, jabbing his finger at my chest.

“Go. Sit. Down.”

I did as I was told, plopping down on the sofa and crossing my legs firmly.

Ash paced in front of me, hands behind his back. I tried not to fidget, not to show any signs of needing the loo. I felt the wee slowly build up inside me, bladder pulsing more and more by the minute. I breathed, trying to steady my racing heart.

“Amy, I was worried about you,” he said finally, stopping to stand in front of me. “You didn’t answer my calls, didn’t respond to my texts. Where were you?”

I brushed my hair out of my face. “It’s none of your business."

“It’s all of my business if I’m supposed to watch out for you!”

“I was at the park, so what?”

I saw a brief grin slide across his face as I mentioned the park; we had a few... how do you say... memories there.

He sighed, sitting down next to me. “Until you learn running off is not a joke, you’re grounded to the couch.”

I yelled in protest, voice squealing with rage. “Y-You can’t do that! You don’t have the right!”

Ash laughed. “Honey, I have all the right. I’m in control here, not you.”

I leaned back, sulking crossly. I felt my bladder pulse beneath my tight jeans, begging for release. Naturally, I ignored it.

Ash busied himself with his phone, occasionally sneaking glances up at me. I gave him no satisfaction, steeling myself against the urge and keeping my face passive. Occasionally, I would wince as the restricting fabric pressed into my body, capturing my bloated abdomen in a cage.

It didn’t take Ash long to notice.

“What’s wrong, Amy?” He asked, not even caring to look up from his device.

“N-Nothing,” I replied, shifting and squeezing my muscles tightly. At this, he surveyed me, eyes squinted in skepticism.

“No. You seem tense. Something’s up.”

Finally, after sweeping over my whole body, his gaze rested on my obviously full bladder.

A smirk twitched on his lips.

“Amy, do you have to pee?”

“No!” I cried, sticking my nose in the air. “I do not.”

“But Amy, it’s ok if you do. Everyone needs to pee.”

I glared at him, still squirming slightly. “Well, I don’t. I... I’m fine.”

He nodded. “Ok, good, because you’re grounded to the couch anyway. No bathroom for you.”

At this, I allowed myself to portray a slightly crestfallen look.

“Does that bother you?” Ash asked, smirk fully visible now. “I mean, it would be a shame if you had to pee, wouldn’t it? To have to hold it and hold it, squirming in agony, bladder full to the brim and bursting?”

I gulped, pee hole throbbing.

“Well, I’m sorry, but even if you did have to go wee-wee, you can’t. You’re staying here until your parents get home. Goodness knows how long that will be...”

I was slightly distracted by a sharp pang from my bladder. I clenched my muscles. Hold it in, just like he said. You-You have to...

Suddenly, he reached over and gave my bladder a shove. I gasped, clutching my crotch tightly as my desperation increased with the pressure. Whimpering, I felt some urine spurt out.

“Oh, so you do have to go.” He shook his head sadly, though didn’t seem to know that I leaked. “How unfortunate...”

As Ash returned to his phone, I quickly shifted my position, sitting on top of my heel. It dug into my crotch, plugging my pee hole firmly.

“A-Ash?”

“Yeah?”

“Can-Can I have my phone?”

He sighed, tossing it to me. “Whatever.”

Grateful for a distraction, I quickly scanned my games, subconsciously rocking back and forth on my heel. I just need to hang on until I’m absolutely desperate. Then I can hold myself and beg and-

I paused, staring at my screen. I had received a text from Ash, who was still paying me no attention. Clicking on to notification, I read the message carefully.

U can quit if youd like. I know where the bathroom key is, I could unlock it for u.

I shook my head, wriggling atop my heel.

Sorry, no chance.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Ash smile, shooting back a reply.

Oh its on.

The minutes ticked by, agonizingly slow. I didn’t leak again, but my bladder was completely full to its max. It stuck out from my body, rock solid and unforgiving. I occasionally paused my game to reach down and hold myself, breathing heavily. Ash would stretch, glancing over at my desperate figure shaking on the couch.

Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee... I couldn’t sit still anymore, my whole body shuddering and squirming. Gotta pee, gotta pee...

I yelped, urine shooting out my tortured gash. It squirted through my clothing, darkening the cloth and the couch below me. This time, Ash noticed.

“Amy! I expected more from you!” I blushed, hanging my head. Even though it was planned, I still felt mortified somehow. He came over to me, standing with his arms crossed.

“Unfold your legs.”

“W-What!?”

“I said, unfold your legs. I want to see the damage you’ve done.”

I whimpered, slowly untwisting my legs. Another trickle escaped as I did so, adding to the quarter-sized wet patch on my jeans. Ash watched as I spread apart my legs, trembling, to reveal the dark spot on the furniture’s surface.

He sighed, shaking his head. “Amy, you’re a big girl, you should be able to contain yourself.”

“But Ash, I really have to go!” I wriggled some more, grabbing myself openly as my heart thumped wildly. “Really, really, really badly!”

“I don’t care if you have to pee! You are old enough to where you can hold it.”

“I-I... ooh! Oh, Ash, it hurts I have to go so bad...”

“What did I just say!? I don’t care!!!”

He was red in the face, angry that I don’t seem to be listening. “Now listen here: you will hold your pee and you will stay on this couch until your parents get home.”

“Ash! Please! I’m so full-”

“Hold it!”

I moaned as more hot liquid bubbled from between my legs, wet patch growing. I was really desperate now, bouncing and holding, begging for him to let me pee. “Please, please, please! I can’t do it, it’s coming out!” He refused, telling me that if I squirted again, I’d be sorry.

I literally could not stop moving. I was holding and rocking, moaning and begging some more. He watched me struggle, face rigid and stone-like. He showed no sign of remorse, no sign of backing down. I cried, bladder throbbing for all it was worth.

“Ash, I’m gonna explode! It’s so intense, I can’t think straight. I gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta peeeeeee.....”

Ash didn’t respond, just stared at me. He was still red, though I didn’t think it was from anger anymore. He was breathing heavy, a large bulge very visible in his jeans.

Who knew this was so entertaining to watch?

My bladder screamed, sending wave after wave of heat towards my pee hole. “OOOHHH!!!!” I yelled, squeezing my crotch tightly, “I’m gonna pee, I can’t... hold it... any... longer!”

And before Ash could say anything, I burst.

Urine gushed out of me, squirting through my fingers, soaking the couch. I moaned with pleasure as my crotch flared with heat, arms falling limp by my sides. Leaning forward, the stream shot out even faster, it’s loud hisssssssss echoing around the room. Ash moaned, gingerly guiding my still-peeing body off the sofa. The liquid spilled onto the hardwood, forming a glistening gold pool. I sat in a split, feet tucked backwards, urine still thundering from my crotch. Finally, I shuddered as the torrent slowed, sinking to the floor.

After a moment of silence except for our heavy breathing, Ash spoke up.

“So, I gather you liked your surprise?”

I grinned, turning to look at him. “You gathered correctly! To be honest, I thought you were done with the whole omorashi thing.”

“Are you kidding?” He asked, looking shocked. “What made you think that?”

“Well, you hadn’t said anything and... I guess I just thought that was a sign you were over it.”

Ash shook his head as if he couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “Amy, the only reason I haven’t said anything is because I thought you were done. I didn’t want to be disrespectful, telling you to hold your pee if you didn’t enjoy it...”

“Oh, I enjoyed it,” I replied, blushing as I remembered just how turned on all this had made me.

“Good,” he grinned, planting a kiss on my cheek. "I did too."

We cleaned up the living room, mopping up the huge pee puddle and throwing the rug in the wash. Ash assured me the couch would be fine, that he had put an old one up here just for the occasion. I smiled, thinking of just how hard he had worked to set this up. I guess that just goes to show you though: we do a lot for the people we love.

Even hold our pee ‘til we burst.

