The Hike

Author: Guest AsunaIsLife

*000*2016-06-24 02:50

Once, there was a girl named Aurelia. She was 5'4" and weighed about 110 pounds. She had dark, almost black wavy shoulder length hair and loved wearing tight clothing to accentuate her C-cup boobs and nice ass.

She lived in a rural forest, all by herself, so there was a very low chance of her being seen if she went on a walk. One day, she woke up and decided to go on a walk after breakfast. For breakfast, she had eggs and toast, accompanied by a large glass of orange juice and a mug of coffee. She got dressed in white skinny jeans and a lavender t-shirt.

She left her house, and about 15 minutes later, she felt a certain fullness in her bladder. Not uncomfortable, just present. She tightened her legs a bit and decided that if worst came to worst, she could always just pee in the bushes.

*30 minutes later* *Switch to first person point of view*

Ugh. I have to pee so bad, but it'll be at least 45 minutes before I can get back to the house. I guess I'll go back.

I walked back, feeling my need to pee growing with each passing second, and realized that my hand had subconsciously moved to hold myself. I moved it, but that made it worse so I automatically went back to hold myself again. I kept walking, until eventually my house was in sight. I walked towards the bathroom, accidentally relaxing and leaking a bit. There was a wet spot on my jeans about the size of a dime, but not noticeable unless you were looking.

I finally got to the bathroom, and grabbed the door, only to realize that it was stuck. I tried to get it open again and again, but I realized that A) The door was really stuck, and B) Nobody would be able to come until at least the next day.

I decided to watch tv to try and take my... predicament off of my mind, and it worked for about an hour, until a huge spasm hit me, and I doubled over in pain. I realized that I wouldn't be able to concentrate on anything until I had peed, so I decided to take a nap. I slept for about 3 hours, and woke up, my desperation at about 11/10. I ran to the bathroom, forgetting that it was stuck, and when I remembered, I ran outside, so at least I wouldn't have to clean anything. I made it a good bit into the woods before my bladder decided that it wanted to get rid of all of the pee, whether I wanted to or not. All of the pee started rushing out, and I sighed in ecstasy.

I went home, and a while later, I felt the urge to go again, so I just went in my pants.

