Girlfriend wets herself for the first time

Author: Green name

*000*2021-09-17 23:36

Disclaimer! This story is not origional. It's based off of a story by fazelordhorn.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/70488-you-trick-your-girlfriend-into-pissing-all-over-you-and-the-bed/?do=embed"

Shout out to the original creater for inspiring me to write my own version of their story. Also, this story was written in Aidungeon (Ai assisted writing) for anyone that cares.

It's a hot summer day, you and Jannet are out at the tennis courts. She's practicing for the upcoming tournament with her coach and one of her club members.

Jannet swings her tennis racket. Bam! The ball slams on to the court. It's about to bounce out of bounds, but her opponent is quick. The ball comes flying back at her, locked on to her face. She doges the projectile, but slams into the net.

"You gotta hit the ball!" Her coach calls out.

"Hey! That was aimed straight for me. I was a few inches away from a bloody nose just now!" Jannet retorts.

"It was so not. You need to watch what you're doing." Her opponent says in a snide remark.

"Don't take that tone with me, you little fruit bat." Jannet says stepping up to the net.

You hurringly walk up to your girlfriend, "Here, you look like you could use some water." You say, putting yourself between the girls.

"Thanks." Jannet grabs the water bottle, taking a large gulp before handing it back to you.

"You know, maybe if you didn't cling to that boy toy so much you'd actually play well."

"Excuse me?" You now stand up for your girlfriend.

"Don't talk about him that way! He's got nothing to do with your bad aim."

"Alright alright. That's enough from the two of you. Let's call it a day. It's been a long day of practice; I think the heat is making everyone irritated." The coach steps in, breaking up the fight.

Jannet tries to argue with her coach, but you stop her. You hold her hand and the two of you walk away together. Although, she's still upset about the whole situation.

"Coach Kenny is being so unfair! Why is he protecting that butthole after she nearly hit me?" Jannet pouts.

"I don't know, but you're right; she was being a total butthole. You don't deserve that." You say, comforting your girlfriend.

"I don't even want to play in this stupid tournament if he's gonna keep defending her."

"Hey now, you don't really mean that do you? Don't let a few shitty people stop you from doing what you love. And you know what, I bet the look on snoby girl's face will be priceless when you beat her."

Jannet smiles a bit, "You're right. Thanks for being there for me."

The sun beats down on the two of you. Jannet looks exhausted still from practice, so you offer her some more water. She hesitates, but takes another large gulp. Her body tenses up the whole time she's drinking and you can't help but notice how fidgety she's been. The two of you stop.

"You okay? You seem troubled." You ask. Jannet slowly stops drinking,

"Yeah...I'll be fine." She says in a nervous tone.

"You sure? We can talk about it if you need to?"

"No it's... well I was just thinking. Maybe we could go back to my place."

"You mean like together?!"

"Well my parents aren't home right now and I thought it would be safe to...you know..."

"You really mean it?"

"Yeah. Today was so awful and I need something to fix it."

Jannet comes a lot closer to you, leaning into your body. Her face is deep crimson.

"Then what are we waiting for? Let's go."

You and Jannet hurry off to her house, all the while, she keeps touching herself. You're just as excited as her and equally as anxious. Your palms sweat, your heart beats fast and you can't stop yourself from getting erect.

When you arrive at her house, she unlocks the door and you both step inside. Jannet leads you by the hand to her bedroom and the whole time, her cheeks are still crimson and she's breathing hard.

But as soon as you enter her bedroom she changes her demeanor completely. She jams her hands into her crotch and squirms.

"I'm sorry. I really need to pee first." She says in a panicked tone.

"It's okay, I'll wait." You reply.

"N-No! It's not okay! You don't understand!" She cries. "It's really bad. I don't think I can make it by myself."

You look into her eyes and see a wild and desperate look. A wet spot has already formed on her shorts.

"It's okay, in fact, I have a bit of a crazy idea if your up for it."

"What...?"

"Just wet yourself."

"I'm not gonna do that!"

"I know it sounds crazy, but trust me, you'll enjoy it."

"Why do you want me to wet myself?!"

"Well, it's a kink I have. I've been fantasizing about this ever since we started dating."

"So you really want me to wet myself?"

"There's nothing sexier you could do right now."

"I...I don't know..."

"You'll enjoy it, I swear."

Jannet is clearly at a loss. You grab her, pulling her into a kiss. She's surprised at first, trying to back out. But as your lips press against hers, her struggle turns to passion. Her tongue enters your mouth and wrestles yours.

A warm feeling touches your leg. Jannet is full on wetting herself as the two of you make out. You press your hand against her crotch. She moans in your mouth, grabbing her shirt and taking it off. You do the same, guiding her to the bed. Soon, both of you are naked on her bed.

Nearly half an hour later, you and Jannet lie next to eachother, breathless.

"T-that... was amazing. I've never felt anything like that before." Jannet says, a smile on her face.

"Y-yeah... it was even better than I imagined."

"I think you were right."

"About?"

"I want to wet myself again."

You kiss her again and she grabs your hand, putting it between her legs. Her crummy day has been replaced with bliss, an experience neither of you will forget.

