Omorashi with magic(rework)

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*000*2024-07-26 19:35

This is the rework version.it will switch between 1st&3rd person perspective and more content planned. It will probably be made a comic too but way later.

Chapter 1: I got a magic power

While I walk home from school. Passing a alley where a lot of girls use as an emergency reliving spot.

How did I know? The day I found out about this, my usual path was closed for maintenance. So I have to walk this path,

Where I see a girl from the same school reliving herself, look up to see me and run away. I choose this path every day since and found that this is the perfect place for peeing. One way alley surrounded with unoccupied buildings.

This time, I see a girl with unusual clothing. She wear a long white dress. A cosplayer? No, there's no events around here. She walked funny and have hands between her legs. She clearly have to pee very bad. I followed her to the alley hiding from her sight. She wiggle around with desperation, look left and right to see if there's anyone nearby, and start pulling her underwear down with shaking hand.

Perfect time to strike, just as she thought she was going to be relieved. I casuallu walk out of the shadow and look at her, pretend to be surprised.

"Ah, I'm sorry!" and walk away

"Hey! You're misunderstanding! I'm not doing anything! I just see a cat and followed it!" She followed me trying to explain herself, She has fallen for my trap

"It's okay, I understand, there's no toilet nearby" I stalled

She keep following and trying to convince me for a while, Until she stopped, her bladder has reached its limit. She falls down and start wetting herself with red face and tears in her eyes.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry" I approach her.

She kept peeing until she can control her bladder again.

"Please don't tell anyone about this" and give me a silver ring before flying away. Huh? Did she just fly? I got left with a ring as a bribe and confusion.

But that's a good experience seeing a girl being very desperate and pee herself.

Anyway I got home, take off my shoes and jacket, sit on the couch and try on the ring, I was greated by my younger sister asking about the ring I am wearing. I told her I bought it from some random accessories shop and give her a cup of pudding she liked lately. She smiled and go eat it on the table.

I go up to my room, put my bagpack on the floor and open my pc. Start a new campaign mode of a MMORPG with my friend. My friend plays as paladin while I play as mage, since I already cleared as a knight.

The basic tutorial for casting spells is just like your typical isekai anime where you imagine stuff and it becomes true. A pretty mage NPC is teaching me how to cast a spell, I just go with the flow.

"Close your eyes, Breathe in deeply. Imagine water start collecting in the air into a ball then open your eyes" I know I can just press E when she stops talking to cast a spell but I did it anyway.

To my surprise there's a literal ball of water floating between my face and the screen. I panicked but able to flick my keyboard away before the water ball make it wet.

"Holy shit I can cast spells!" I shout with surprise.

"Of course stupid, you're a mage" my friend replied.

Bonus: Test out new found power

After I finished playing. I go down to take a bath. I got into the bathroom to see my younger sister in front of me, topless with a panties. Of course I don't get arouse by my own sister so I just tell her "mom make pasta for dinner" and went to bath.

I use fire magic to heat up the water and warm air to dry my hair, just discovering convenient of magic.

Then I got an idea, how about I use this power to enjoy my fetish? I put on my clothes and come join the dinner with my family. I wanted to test my magic on someone. My mom and dad is out of the question, so i choose my sister. First I try warming up her hand to find if it effects human, And it does. So I try to fill her bladder up, but there's a problem. If I blindly put liquid in he abdomen without knowing where's the bladder it might be very bad if I fill up the wrong organ.

Should I just play safe and fill her mouth with water? No, that's too obvious. After a while I figured out if I can't see the the bladder, why don't just give myself an x-ray vision. So I did

(of course it's not literally x-ray since x-ray barely see the structure of the bladder so imagine it as the bladder got "highlighted" and can be see like a normal object through the body)

I look at my sister's bladder. It's still almost empty since she just took a bath. I try creating water inside it but I can't just violate 1st law of thermodynamic, I can't just create matter. So I slowly transfer water from a bottle to her bladder. I filled it to like 50%(I don't know cause the bladder volume is not absolute) she's still acting normal, so I press on. The bottle is empty, I can now tell that there's at least 500ml of water in her bladder. She starts acting restless but still on her seat. Her bladder is surely at around 80%.

I gonna keep filling her bladder until she can't endure the urge anymore.

She stand up "I need to go to the bathroom". Shame, her bladder still isn't full yet but she's going out of my sight. As last wave I put more into her bladder.

"MOM! I CAN'T OPEN THE BATHROOM DOOR" my sister shouted.

I remembered I closed the door without unlocking so the door just lock with no one inside. I rushed to her knowing that last wave might make her wet herself. I see her bladder filled with water and her hand gripping her urethra. I'd admit it was arousing

I act like I'm fixing the lock for half a minute then unlock it with magic. She shove me to the side, rushed in and take off her pants. After a while I hear her sights followed by noise of urine hissing out her bladder

END

*001*2024-07-27 06:07

Chapter 2: testing out

@@in the next morning. I came to school early ,buy a big bottle of water and sit on the bench next to the field's bathroom. I wave at my friend who's playing baseball, and use watching him play as a reason why I'm here. While looking for some girls to tease.

I found a girl with straigth brown hair drinking a can of orange soda with bladder at around 70%. She is talking with her friends and act very normal.

I start transferring water into her bladder until her posture changed at 95% she started moving around while talking.

At 100% she clearly very desperate and excuses herself to the bathroom.

@@as she run pass me I fill her bladder up to 120%. But that's seems to be way too much. She stops moving falls the the ground and grips her crotch. I quickly pull the water back before she lose control. then she sprints to the bathroom while leaking a little. She came out patting her bladder with relief.

Next, in the Math class at 10:30 am. I see Sarah, a girl next to me. sitting next to me with a full bladder. She is a good student and shy girl. I know she never ask to go to the bathroom before, but she's really pushing her limit here, 99% with 30 whole minutes to go. This is not an omo fiction with "full bladder" from day to night. Her bladder couldn't possibly endure that much pee.

I ask her "do you have to use the bathroom really bad or something? you're shaking too much"

"N-No! I'm just...cold..." nice job, this is in the middle of April. Her decision is already getting stale.

After a while, I don't know how much exactly but her bladder is stretching very bad. She finally admitted she have to pee and ask me to help. I have an idea and tell her to massage her bladder in a circle.

"Isn't that will just put more pressure into my- you know? Bladder...". Yes it does, but I convince her to try.

Finally, with desperation she start lightly rub her hand on her bladder. I cast heal on her bladder and reduce the pain of her bladder wall being stretched. Though the urge still present intensely. I could tell from her face that if it wasn't for 40 people in this room she'll absolutely let lose here and now.

After 15 minutes. she can't write a single word on her note, lay on her desk, holding her urine in tears. I saw a leak with x-ray vision, it's not just the urge gets the better of her. It's literally the pressure of her internal organ pushing against the bladder. Her white panties dampen with concentrated urine. She shudder with every drop leaked.

I start the feel pity so I help her by slowly relieving her bladder into my water bottle until the class ends. Then she barely walk to the bathroom.

End

The changes will happen in the chapter 3 it's not just going to be a slice of life with pee magic

*003*2024-07-28 12:22

Chapter 3: assassin from another world

@@in the afternoon, I was enjoy thinking about my next experiment. Until a knife came flying my way and almost hit me in the back.

"Is this a revenge from some girl?" I thought to myself, Before I got cut off by the second knife, this time it was aim to my head. I turned to the source of the incoming projectiles to see a person in hood.

With 2 knives throwing my way I assume this person is coming for my head. I stalled out into the open field where there's no people to possibly get caught in the crossfire. While running I inspect the assassin for more information but the assassin's hood interfere with my inspection magic.

As soon as I got out into the open, the assassin leap at me with knives on both hands. I panicked and gush a burst of wind at them... or her. The hood flipped open, revealing a black hair girl... Wait, is that... animal ears? Probably see me distracted, She leaps at me again.

I'm no sword master so I just cover myself with barrier, But it shattered. Taken aback I force her body to not move. But after some time she override my magic and go straight for my neck, I doged it. In panic I shouted

"What do you want from me!? We can talk!"

"You're not worthy of the ring, give it to me" that gave me such a strong bad guy vibes

"Even if I give it to you, you're still gonna kill to silence me anyway aren't you?"

"Tch"

With that, I concluded giving her the ring is not a good option. I cover myself with an earth dome to buy some time while I think about a way to stop her.

I can't stop her with effect magic since she can override it. I'm not prepared to kill a person, so fire and lightning are out. A burst of wind can effect her though. I figure a sudden wave of matter can effect her. Then I heard a voice from the outside.

"Coward! Get out and fight like a man!"

"If I get out I would be dead like a fool, I'd rather be a Coward"

"You'll regret this"

Then she starts speaking gibberish. Am I that annoying she gives up speaking English? Wait, is she chanting spells?

Whatever that spell is, I'm not willing to take it. I remove my earth dome and splash a water ball on her, hoping to disrupt her chanting but failed. Then I got an idea

Before she could release whatever she's casting, I turn on my x-ray vision and flooded her bladder with every molecule of water available near me. Filling it to full on bursting within seconds

"Huh... hey, hey, what's happening. A! Ahhh"

@@she slowly lose her balance and fall on the ground. Overloaded, her bladder lost control and wet herself on the spot. Humiliated, she threatened me.

"You're going to pay once I finished"

"No You're not"

"What?"

I create a magic circle on the ground that teleport pee and water that's touching the ground back into her bladder. the puddle on the ground dissapear, then appear back at the base of her bladder, filling it back up. She became an endless water fall for a few minutes.

"You're gonna- haaanhg!"

"Stop it- Ahh!"

"I can't- a- take it... anymore"

"Stop!"

"Please!"

"Ahhnngh"

"I'm Sorry! I'm sorry!"

"I- I'll do anything! Stop it PLEASE!"

Her way of talking become more of a victim now.

"Answer my questions"

"Yes!"

"Who are you, where are you from, how did you got here, why do you want the ring, why can't I put a spell on you, which type of animals are you, what is this ring---"

"STOPPP- that's too much questions! My tummy hurts! Stop it first! Please!"

I cancel my spells and watch her bladder deflate back into a little pouch in her pelvis. She's sitting in a big puddle of water and pee.

"Now Answer me"

"Grouwlrs- hhg"

She shudder after I fill her bladder right back up.

"I- I'm Julia doldora. I- I'm from the other side. I crossed the ruin gate to here. I- I need the ring to get home and- and" shudder

Julia: I'm going to burst..

"Continue"

Julia: Trust me, I'm sorry, I mean no harm... I- I just want to get home

"You were going to kill me, now Answer why won't my magic work on you"

Julia: Maybe it's because I have more intelligent that you- ahhh! I- I don't mean that way I- I mean the stats of your ring

"stats?"

Julia: yes, m- my cloak has magic resistance. And I belive I'm close to a cats so please let me pee!

"go on"

Julia: Ehh!?

Julia's bladder reaches its limit and she wets herself once again.

Julia: ahhh... such a mess...

End

@@drawing of Julia:

Spoiler

*004*2024-08-13 18:05

Chapter 4: the otherside

Julia is now in such a mess basically everything below her waist is covered in urine. I have no intention walking around with pee drenched weirdly dress girl and become a topic at school. I shove her pee puddle into the ground soil.

"Take of your wet clothes" I can do it while they're still on but I'm more interested in bare pussy than using x-ray vision to see...

Julia: eh!? can't you just dry it while I'm wearing?

"Are you suggesting I dry your internal organ along with it?" extreme consequence to make her cut the choice

Julia: I'd rather not... but! I don't wanna undress... her pee still drip down the crotch of her shorts

"I don't wanna go around with a pee drenched girl"

Julia: I guess... just hear me

Julia proceed to tell me about the conflict on the other side, she doesn't know very much but apparently her village got attack by a demon army like a stereotypical isekai anime

@@after being Informed about the other side. I got carried away by my imagination. Dungeon looting, magic academy, Adventure, What might I Find in a World of magic and fantasy.

Julia: Waves, Hello...Hello? Are you listening?

@@her ear point my way and her tail tail wag around in impulse, With 3 Years experience of have a Cat. I guess she's curious about me.

"I am, I am, what about it?"

Julia: since you're soo good at magic, how about you come and help as a same demon opposing species?

@@all thing considered, I'd rather not use my day on that, I can't just ditch school and I just wanna chill in the weekend... though I wanna check something out. Maybe just a little peek.

"I don't promise but show me the way"

Julia: why can't you? The world need you and you just gonna do nothing?

"can you stay here for 10 year after I helped defeat the army?"

Julia: I don't wanna...

"Well I don't wanna get dragged into another world either, I can help but I'm not going to be your hero"

Julia: but... sigh I understand...

"Where's the portal?"

Julia: it's not a portal! It's a ruin gate. It can't just be cross in and out like a door! That's why I asked you to open it!

"You mean trying to kill me and use my ring?"

Julia: I'm sorry... the gate is this way...

Julia lead me into the depth of forest near my school. I've never knew it's this deep or it's just the ruin gate or whatever hiding it. I can't manage to get a sense of direction in this area. However Julia seems to be good at this.

I let her lead until we arrive at stone structure resemble a portal frame on a foundation.

"How do I turn it on exactly?"

Julia: just supply your mana to it

"TF you mean supply mana"

Julia: um... uhhh. it can't really be explain with word on this side's language... just try, your imagination already strong enough I think

"You don't speak English? What should I imagine?"

Julia: the gate just kinda temporary give you ability to understand the language while in the other side... How about something flow in you flow into the gate?

With that I just imagine a stereotypical fluid-like mana flow into the frame of the portal, power up each ruin. To my surprise it actually work really well. Turn out my imagination can just make up things

Julia look at the portal with sparkly eyes

Julia: Let's go!

It's 16:21 pm, I don't have problem taking a walking in the world of fantasy for couple hours.

"Sure"

Both of us crossed the gate, I was met with noon sun and green forest

"You know a way to your village right?"

Julia: of course! Why won't I

"how far is it?"

Julia: about 20 minutes ish maybe

I follow Julia along the path, looking at sceneries. A huge thing flying by far above in the sky, abnormally tall mountain range.

"What's about it, the intelligence stats thingy"

Julia: I don't know much but stats are property of things. And if Clashes the dominant stats will win

"so I can't use magic on you cause apparently my intelligence is lower than your robe's magic resistance?"

Julia: p- please don't take offense! Intelligence is the casting authority of your equipment, n-not your actual intelligence

"okay okay, don't be so scared"

I think I'm being mean to her... But i prefer this power dynamics than getting stabbed so I'll keep acting like this until I feel comfortable enough.

I checked my ring's stats. My ring have value of intelligence are 1/7 of Julia's robe

"Do you perhaps know how much your robe's magic resistance is?"

Julia: my dad says it's seven

Good, I have intelligence in total of 1...

After a while I notice Julia's ears pointing around, I just trust my imagination and made up a search magic. I sensed a pack of canine based animal slowly split and surrounded us.

"Something's following us and it's going surround us"

Julia: huh, how'd you know?

"Magic"

Julia: we better be prepared for whatever comes

A group of wolf block our path, the rest is hiding around in every direction, probably waiting for a chance to take us by surprise. The group that confronting us seems to be old wolf using itself as bait for younger wolf to hunt.

"They surrounded us"

Julia: I know, I'll take the front

"What? Hey! Don't just leave me with the rest!?"

Without replying, Julia leaps at the old wolves in the front.

As soon as she leaves my side lot of wolf jumps out at me. I didn't quite followed the pace of all this actions so I was stunned. Just stand there surrounded by wolves

They all leap at me, probably with the intention of incapacitate and eat me alive.

I surround myself with packed earth dome and explode it out into shrapnel, then the wolf changed into taking turn jump out at me. I'm able to fend this off easily by throwing random magic at them. After things don't go along the plan. The alpha itself lunges at me.

With the fear of getting killed. I panicked and launch a stone spike at it with more mana than I should have.

It blows though the skull of the wolf and shred both itself and the wolf's head in to mist

After seeing their pack leader killed the remaining wolves flees. Julia turn back at me. I can tell from her paled face. She's horrified by the scene of me standing upon the blood and corpses. She's stunlocked for a while before asking me.

Julia: How are you going to eat that?

"You eat wolves?"

Julia: You don't?

We stare confusely at each other for a moment...

Julia: What do you eat then?

"Pork, beef, chicken or something like that"

Julia: Deer? Moose?

"If I need to... sheep, rabbit... well, a lot. But not wolves or cat"

Julia: where do you draw the line actually?

"We don't eat pets"

Julia: ok...

Julia: mumbles how are they able to surround us without me noticing...

"they followed us from afar before closing in"

Julia: huh? How they and do that without losing us

Point at her crotch "your pee"

Julia: blush wait...I smell?

"Yes"

Julia breaks eye contact and look around in embarrassment

"I don't mind"

Julia: Ha ha... we should hurry before um... something else come.

She seems to be awkward

"I can wash your pee"

Julia: watch me what!?

"wash wash, you don't wanna take off your clothes so I can run water through your clothes instead. though you'll be wet"

Julia: I- I prefer being wet than smell...

With that, I the it as a green light and start from her robe. I bunch the pee stained area together and run water through them while Julia try to keep her tail from wetting.

Next is her butt, she jerk a little when I run the water through her pants. Maybe from the cold of water. I make the water warmer. Her tail wag in a happy way. I pulled her shorts and panties back reveal a little of her butt. then I ran warm water into the inside of her shorts. The water flow pass her butt all the way to the bottom of her vulva. She jumped and turned to face me. Her face is in mix of angry and embarrassed.

"I'm just washing inside your shorts..."

Julia: enough with my back!

She's facing me. This time she have her hand grabbing the edge of her shorts, keeping me from opening it. I grab her waist and run warm water through her crotch area. She blush and move her legs together. I noticed it and figured it may be the sign of a need to pee.

I turn on my x-ray vision and to my surprise, her bladder is full. She must have been holding some of her pee in since she wet herself. I want to tease her so bad...

I match the temperature of the water with the piss inside her bladder and run it through her shorts into the fabric of her panties. I makesure to make her feels like her pussy is in a warm body of water that she can empty her bladder into whenever she wants. Her bladder sphincter relaxes, letting her pee to flow just to the tip of her urethra waiting to be let out.

Before she pees, I stop the flow and went to wash her boots by cool water. With the coldness from below, her pelvic tense up.

"Done, They shouldn't be able to smell you now"

Julia: look away T-thanks

With a full bladder and previous stimuli. She must be feeling an intense urge to pee. She acts like there's nothing and lead the way but after a while her legs squeezed together on its own. She resisted it for about a minute before giving up.

Julia: P-please wait here, I will be back

"why though"

Julia: N-nothing

Julia separate herself into the forest. I follow her Just for her to notice. She keep waking to get away but I just follow her around. She eventually reaches her limit.

Will she keep holding and wet herself or squat down despite me in proximity?

Julia take off her underwear and squats down panting. But her bladder won't relax. My present make her unable to urinate naturally. I approach her, Julia hurriedly puts her shorts and panties back on. Her bladder bulging. her body frailing and shaking. Look at me pleadly.

I back away to let her do her business. As I retreat her bladder slowly relax. I wanted to confront her again but I feel like I can't betray that eyes

After I'm somewhat far enough she start to pee. And let out a half moan half exhale noise that's unmatched by any sound I've heard

End

*005*2024-08-16 16:15

Chapter 5: demon invasion

While waiting for Julia to finish her business. I keep my distance to not interrupt her wonderful time peeing while still keep my sensing magic on the surrounding... well mostly her bladder emptying. I wanted go on every detail on how she water that patch of grass with her pent up urine. I'll save that for later.

She finishes her shot, puts her clothes back on and sniffed to my location. I was about to confront her about pee but she beats me to it

Julia: um, thanks for understanding...

"wdym"

I was teasing her and now she thanks me?

Julia: you know what I was doing right? If, If you didn't walk away my bladder would hurt really bad

"Aight, I know when to stop"

"Wait with the way you saying. You can't really let it out or you just try really hard to not let me see?"

Julia: blush I really can't do it while I'm nervous

"You can't bring yourself to let it out or it just doesn't come out"

Julia: latter one...

"Is this genetic?"

Julia: most of animals folks share this same traits...nod

"How about the other thing?..."

?

"P-Poop?"

Julia: frown You too? why do human always associate us with animals?

"Huh? Wait wait what? What did I say? I didn't mean anything offensive, what? I poop too!"

Julia: you do?

"you don't?"

@@again, both of us look at eachother in confusion.

"Every living organism do it over at my side"

Julia: didn't know that...

Sorry

Both of us apologize at the same time, I'm starting to question our dynamic... I'm going to stop asking about this topic.

A while later. I arrived at what Julia calls "Nora" I'm actually speaking this Julia's language right now and this confuses me. I don't know if Nora means village or this village is name Nora. She just refer to this place as Nora.

Anyway, we look into the Nora and see no citizen roaming around. Soldiers guarding in front of some buildings that I think holds people. I concluded the war is near.

Julia: they're already fighting!

"where are we going? shouldn't we either join the war or hide"

Julia: we're going to Yaha to get jamar first

"what?"

Julia: you need to wear it so they recognize you as allies.

"o-ok"

I think when a word can't be translate into English it just transliterate the word instead

We arrived at the headquarter of some sort, guess this is Yaha. Inside people start looking at me but with Julia together, they don't question much. At the front desk Julia ask about bringing me to the Frontline and request them a jamar for me.

I thought they'd say something like don't bring outsider or something about my equipment but apparently they just want as much force as they can so they happily give me a jamar. It's a colorful piece of cloth that you tie on your arm so they know I'm an ally.

I do wonder won't demons just easily figure it out and wear one too. But staff uncle tell me "I'm the first boy to wear this in a while" so I guess the demons would just think I'm some random adventurers with fancy clothing.

Julia and I arrived first at the backline. Where there're wounded and reinforcement. I ask around for information. People were very cooperative but not surprisingly, my pronunciation was bad. The information I got was the leader is a "muscular beast that flatten earth with its fist and regenerate indefinitely".

I don't think I can defeat something that regenerate indefinitely, but I'll try. Me and Julia gathered with next reinforcement line and delta together.

At the field. There're army of low level demon creating chaos while a 10 meters tall gorilla flaten soldiers with its fists. Minions aren't what soldiers worry about and can be defeat easily. The real pain in the ass is this Beast. It doesn't really tanky but due to its big size arrow tips just barely penetrate to its dermis and anyone who dare use melee weapon will just be crushed with its fists. This make magic the only reliable source of damage.

I borrow Julia's staff and start throwing random magic at it like the rest of beast folks mages. Then I remember the spell I cast at the alpha wolf. The Beast and the wolf made from the same stuff, just a bit bigger. The spell should go through it just fine.

So I form a cone shaped stone and spin it really fast to give it gyroscopicstability and put as much mana as the staff would allow me to put in a single spell into its velocity effectively turn it into artillery shell.

The spell end up launched out at mach 2. Generating a deafening sound that shock everyone including me, obliterate through the beast's body and scattered into pieces inside its guts. Even if this thing's organ regenerate from that, the pieces will rupture it again. I don't think it's going to definitely work tho so I shoot it repeatedly a bunch of time until it stop moving.

"That should be it"

@@soldier: I'm afraid no, the real concern is what happen after we killed it...

Then It just melt and emerged from the pool of its own blood... just like the ghouls summoned by dark mages. something tells me this isn't right, can something so simple-minded like this lead an army?

I killed the beast again. This time I make sure to trace the origin of the mana used to reassemble it. Turns out the real army leader is disguised as a dark mage and manipulate everything from behind.

I form multiple artillery shells high above in the sky and bombarded the whole army with it. This time however. The Beast does not emerge. The lake of blood flow back to the real leader and the moment of silence take place. The whole army have been reduced into one single entity standing in the middle of the field. Its cloak dispersed, revealing a woman with silver hair, red eyes, pink dress and black underwear. The last one was anticlimactic but was it unneeded? You decide. Anyway back to the fight.

Demon leader: I am Ivary Varory the third, the leader of the west army. Witness my majesty!

@@her mana unleashes fainted all people but me

My guts tell me to be ready for whatever she may unleash. So I do just that and shield myself with all mana Julie's staff allow me to manipulate. And I'm glad I did that. Ivary struck my shield with a scythe and it perfectly shattered and stopped the blade from stabbing my skull. I quickly counter with the earth cannon spell but it can't penetrate her barrier.

Ivary: I've seen enough of that!

She fire a ray of black flame in my direction. I tried blocking it with earth dome or ice wall. But the flame melt through everything I put against it path.

I compressed the air in the surrounding area to a single point and let it rebound. Create a pressure wave that should extinguish the flame but it disperses the flame everywhere instead, Burning down nearby forest and melting rocks. I pressure sprayed steam into the bruning area to calm things down. But I shouldn't have focused on something other than ivary. She slapped me with invisible hand and send me flying.

I sustained savere injuries just from the slap so I heal myself. My magic doesn't work on her...

My magic...doesn't work?

I remember my fight with Julia.telepot magic can send anything anywhere as long as I can see the desired location. However I can't teleport things into the body of those who have more magic resistance than my intelligence. But apparently the volume inside the bladder doesn't count as the body as long as it isn't completely empty so her magic resistance won't be a factor.

I turn on my x-ray vision again. Jackpot, her bladder wasn't empty, it was quite full in fact. After seeing her bladder muscle slightly stretched from urine she was holding since who could know when. I stop taking her seriously and let my instinct do the task.

I began filling her slightly full bladder with artificial pee like the original in her bladder. Making it expand bigger and bigger. Her expression however, doesn't change much. I keep filling, now it stopped expanding. She's still attacking me but i doesn't care at at all this point.

Now with volume fixed when I fill it it just all increases the pressure inside her bladder. Her expression still pretty much the same. I afraid she may not feel the urge to pee but I'll do what I can. I fill it a lot more. A sweat run down her cheek and she's definitely gritting her teeth.

I keep putting pee in her bladder. Now she move a lot less, her projectiles look more like she's throwing random stuff now. At some point she stop all her actions. Her bladder is pressurized with pee. Her urethra fill up as her bladder relaxes. She's about to pee. I quickly seal her bladder shut. Surprise her.

Ivary: what are you doing!? Stop it!

I keep shoving pee inside her bladder

Ivary: wait wait we can talk

The pressure receptors lining her bladder surface are firing like crazy, Ivary lost her abilities to control mana. Her mind is too obstructed by these receptors telling her to pee. Her attack completely stopped. I pick up a dagger from one of many dead soldiers and approach her. Her pupils dilates, the limbs crawling trying to escape from what she interpretates as her impending doom.

Ivary: Chill chill! I'm sorry, I didn't think this through. I know I can't undo what have been done. But I swear I'll make it up! Shivers Please I don't wanna die. I can live thousands of years, I-I haven't experienced things I wanna try. I-

"You know these soldiers have the same thoughts right? You aren't just doing any bad things, You are killing."

Even after I say somting like that, I can't bring myself to kill someone I aready toy with.

"I don't kill, be relieved... or afraid"

I drag the stained dagger across her dress. I'm not being cautious, cutting some of her skin along with it. Her wound heal up fast. This is probably the thing keep her bladder from popping like a balloon inside her pelvic. I pushed down on the bulge above her crotch, it was hard as a rock literally. Her bladder was so pressurized I can barely distinguish it from a read-to-explode tire.

I infuse my hand with mana and push it down anyway. Her bladder is now felt like balloon to the touch. The demon that lead an army of thousands was screaming for me just from a little movement of my hand.

Ivary: stop! Ahhhh! My bladder is gonna- eekkk

I cut her panties strings off and let it fall off her legs, revealing her pinkish pussy squeeze in between her thighs. It's twitching as her bladder being shifted around by my hand

Ivary: This is definitely sexual harassment!

"You don't deserve dignity"

Ivary: You're not hiding it at this point! you sadistic pee fetish scum!

"Oh? first time someone call me that. Can you say that again?"

I start filling her bladder again, all whole rubbing, pushing and squeezing her bladder. I let some of her pee lose into the urethra and use mana string to tie her urethra shut from the inside. Muscle tube filled with high pressure golden liquid.

I open the outer squish of her pussy to see her vagina, and her urethra opening slightly pushed outward by the pressure. She finally reaches her limit.

Ivary: Stop it! I can't take it anymore! I'll do whatever you want! Just let me- ...WAIT!! I take that back! no, nonononono. Not like this. Noooo!

"What?"

A complex magic ring appear around her neck and collapses down into a collar. I sensed her bladder gonna explode so I released the seal and let her pee burst out.

She falls to her knees, very concerned. Both her hands on her collar, seems doesn't care a bit about the fact that she's peeing like a pressure washer. She looks like her souls left her body, looking around desperately. She let go of the collar looking down at her hand shaking then at me terrified.

"What happened?"

Ivary: I have unique ability that turn anyone promissing everything their everything in front of me into my slave. This time it work against myself and turn me into your slave-

@@she puts her hand on her mouth looks surprised. I guess she's forced to explain because apparently I'm now her master and she must do what I say

"Did you just say you turn yourself into my SLAVE?"

Ivary: Nods

I'm confused as fuck right now. I accidentally make a demon my slave and I don't know what to do.

I feel a sense of strength.

"What happened?"

Ivary: what?

"I'm feeling stronger"

Ivary: Slave passively have their stats halves to their master

I checked, and it's really shoot up. My intelligence goes from one to 50

"What's your name again?"

Ivary: Ivary Varory...

"I remember there's the third in your name, who are the other 2?"

Ivary: there's no one. I-I just thought it would be cool...

"I'm just gonna call you Ivy then"

Ivy: nods

I don't have anything to say, I'm so confused at this situation.

"To be honest, I'm so lost right now. What do I do"

Ivy: it would be really great if you let me go...

"Not so fast. What are your plans..."

She's still peeing nonstop from the amount of urine I shove inside her

"wait first of all, stop pissing"

Ivy: uh umph nods

Her pee stream stopped. She shift her legs around a bit. She's still have to pee but stop due to my command. I continue.

"What are your plan actually?"

People start waking up from unconscious state due to Ivy's mana that keep them unconscious have been halves. Julia's ears also twitching. This isn't time for interrogation. They might execute me because I talk with demon and I'm not in for that.

"You know what? It doesn't matter now just leave before someone found out and hang me or whatever"

Ivy: Thankyou sooo much!

Ivy cloak her bare bottom parts and fly off in to the sky with speed. Leaving a trail of sparkling yellow liquid that drenched her legs and anything below her crotch.

I raised Julia's staff at her, pretending to be fighting her but she gets away. After soldiers witnessed my act I fake fainted to avoid questioning.

End

*007*2024-08-19 18:03

Chapter 6: aftermath

The rest of the soldiers slowly wake up one by one. Once enough of them have waken up, the commander assistant take lead of the troops in place of the dead commander.

He order the soldiers to carry wounded and name tags of the unfortunate if they can to the the back line. To reform and return to Nora.

Julia wakes up and try to carry me, but ultimately failed so she decided to drag me instead. Luckily couple of soldiers scolded her and carry me with rescue stretcher, and let Julia follow them. Her body language seems to be in distress.

I feel bed for the two soldiers carrying me even with their own wounds and fracture still untreated. I can't just wake up and treat them like nothing happened cause it's too suspicious. I instead pretend to cast heal in my sleep. I don't know how it's actually cast so it's just me mumbling and make up shit. Luckily, they don't know a thing about healing magic.

I got carried to a tent in the backline for treatment. Everybody is in distress calling for healer and everything, very busy I'd say. I seems to be too natural about this, especially when we just fight a demon.

The soldiers informed the medical team I'm capable of healing magic. I immediately get promoted to be the top priority. They probably really need more healer right now. I can't wake up but I feel bad so I radiate healing aura to help them out a little.

A priestess come to my bed and start inspecting me. She can't find what's causing me to become unconscious. cause obviously, there isn't. I'm just pretending to be unconscious. She freaks out thinking I've been cursed. I also quietly freaked out hoping she won't make it a big deal.

In desperation I move around and pretend I'm sleep talking. Having no idea what should I use as a cause that won't freak out people but understandable.

A- ahhhgh "Ma...na..." arghhh

I settle with mana poisoning and moan it out in sleep. The priestess immediately take the hint, She fumbles around try to find a mana potion. But due to the amout of wounded soldiers all the mana supplies have been consumed by anybody that able to cast healing magic.

I can transfer mana to someone but I don't think she can. The priestess stare at me with desperation, she have full mana but she can't transfer it to the patient.

The priestess walks in circle. Finally she stop. She walks up to me with her face blush red. She take a deep breath and sigh. I hear a sound of clothes moving. And she climb onto my bed

I smell a little bit of urine and figured she was up to no good, so I slowly open my eye to scare her away before I have to put piss drinking into the tags.

She jumps off the bed and stand on the side of me and pretend nothing happened.

"Uhh what's happened?"

Priestess: ahh-uh ummm... you was carried here unconscious and I'm hear to treat you

"Thankyou... I thought I'm going to die..."

Priestess: I uhhh I didn't do anything... in fact you wake up on your own like miracle...

"Oh... Thankyou for watching me I guess"

I get up, sitting on the bed. I see her panties lying under between her legs. It might be bad if someone saw this.

"What's that on the ground?"

Priestess: OH MY! IT'S- IT'S NOTHING! It's just a piece of cloth... N-nothing special

@@she picked it up, hides it in her hand. Look around blushing.

Priestess: Ah Yes! I was informed you are capable of using healing magic.

"yes, to a certain degrees"

Priestess: once you recovered please help us heal other patients, we're really short of medics.

"I can do that right now actually"

Priestess: didn't you just pass out from mana deficiency? Won't you need at least like 1 or 2 days to recover?

"Oh, right... but do we need to wait that long? When are we going back to Nora?"

Priestess: couple of months?

"really?"

Priestess: we do need to wait for some soldiers to recover until we go back...

"Isn't it like 30 minutes to Nora?"

Priestess: did you fly here!? It take at best an hour, and with this much stuff... we need a week to fully clear everything back to Nora.

"That's understandable"

I don't wanna delay the soldiers in need of her presence any further so I'll just dismiss her

"I'm fine, please go see another patient in need. I'm going to wander around the camp"

Priestess: then please excuse me

@@the priestess goes behind a curtain and put her panties back on before she left.

I wait a little before I goes out using the same exit. Julia is siting on the outside waiting for me. Her ears flatten, her tail flicking, looking down. Clearly in worry. Maybe about me, maybe not. I don't know.

"Hey"

Julia: hmm? AHH! You're OK!?

"Yep"

Julia: sigh I thought I had bring someone to their death...

"Oi, that's a flag!"

Julia: sorry sorry haha. you do cheer me up, thanks.

"I'll go help the soldiers so we could go back to Nora faster"

Julia: they're tell me you got mana deficiency though...

"have you ever seen me reciting a spell?"

Julia: when I think about it... no.

"My magic seems to not work like yours. I don't have mana deficiency, I just don't want them to freak out"

Julia: Ah umph, that's understandable... I heard you fend off the demon lord.

"I couldn't get her in the end..."

Julia: What do you mean? We're expecting to lose. To fend off that monster you've proven yourself!

"Oh, ok"

I walk around the camp site, every body is rushing to treat who they could save. The critically wounded would be treated just so they wouldn't die on the spot and gathered in a tent waiting for their death. I go in and met with two priests continously switching maintaining the operation of the heal magic circle engraved on the floor.

I try to intervened but got block by guards. I tell them I wanted to help but they told me to go save the someone that can be saved. I saw soldiers with heavy wound, detached limb, savere brain damage and more. I understand why they decided to use their medixal personnel for someone else. But these people can't just be left waiting for death. Not when I can help them.

I show them my ultimatum. I pull out Julia's wand and concentrate mana on it. Julia try to stop me. Luckily They don't want more chaos more than they already have. The guards let me in.

I power the heal circle myself and start curing. I have no idea how healing magic work. All I do when I heal is imagine the damage parts repair itself, so I do just that. Limbs growing back, a hole in their chest filling up. Fractured bones going back into its place. I know the limbs growed back doesn't 100% match the original but no one complained so I'll take it.

Julia look at me in surprise. I proceed to the other tent. It's been 3 hours now and If I don't get home soon I'll be in trouble.

Main medical tent

I see hundreds of soldiers lying on mattresses, ranging from light to heavily wounded with most injured near the entrance.

I saw a priestess treating bulky soldiers with his ribs poking out. The hem of her skirt stained with urine. It caught me off guard.

"In distress of war a priestess must hold their pee to treat patients"

I get really excited and activate my x-ray vision once more. Her pee leaking out in a small stream. Her bladder is overloaded with pee, ready to explode. Her underwear drenched. The wet patch on the ground indicates she has been bursting for a long time. And another priestess and another one. They all really need a break.

I look at Julia. To my surprise, her bladder is actually full. Not crazy full like the priestess or the last times, but definitely have a hard time holding.

"have you gone to the bathroom recently?"

Julia: there's no bathroom...

"the bush?"

Julia: blush I'm too nervous to go...

"should I take you to one?"

Julia: n-no thanks, you stay and help these soldiers. I'll hold it in.

"isn't that really uncomfortable?"

Julia: if I really can't hold in I'll go on my own... having someone take me to the bush is really embarrassing.

With that I start healing the patients. Start from the entrance to the back end. I ask the priestess to help the patient in her care. She struggles to process with her bladder in constant red alert but ultimately thanks me and ran out to the nearest bush to relive herself. I quickly puts the guy's rib back into its place and continues.

Seeing hope, the other priestess focus on their jobs hoping to relieve themselves too. There's a lot of injuries but I won't detail on it too much.

Here's the list of female patients who have pee involved in their healing

- a girl who have her bladder ruptured in battle.

Cure: gather the urine in the abdomen back into the bladder and heal it back together. This resulted in her bursting all over her mattress once I released the seal cause there's so much pee stored.

- a girl who refused to use a urinal pot.

She ultimately reaches her limit and ask for it, but she doesn't put it on in time and leaked a lot.

- a girl with poison. Her bladder was so big it's able to stop the poison to reaches her heart

Cure: I have to seal her urethra shut because it was already leaking and I fear she might loses control and let the poison reaches her heart. Her bladder was stretching really badly I have to constantly heal it to stop it from rupturing. She was tearing and shaking while I extract the poison. Once I'm done she got that huge bladder bulge and was given extra big urinal. The final volume was 1039ml really impressive

- a mage with mana poisoning. She drank too much mana potion and have a seizure while I'm treating her

Cure: I let the kidneys do its job while maintaining her vitals. Her bladder was small but I don't allow her to pee cause it would drop her pressure. I need to let her pee 2 times because her bladder was really going to explode. Her pee also glows

- a girl without genital. You heard it right. Some demon decided to mend her pussy lips together. Her crotch became a smooth reddish skin without any opening. Her bladder was also bloated really bad

Cure: luckily the inside are still there I ask for a female participant to show their genital to me for me to carve it back into her. The participant was a priestess that taking care of her. She have her crotch drench in pee but I was able to model it into the girl. Once urethra opened. A lot of urine flow out.

That's most of it, Other than this is either just male or light wetting

HELP! SOMEONE HELP!

I heard someone screaming. A priestess had fall unconscious. My immediate diagnosis was from tiredness or mana poisoning but it turned out being bladder failure.

She have dried stains on her skirt and panties but no wetness present. It was quite heresy stripping a priestess clothes but I need to see her abdomen. I tell the crowd to stop watching. I quickly undress her leaving on the bandage people in this world use for bras and a cloth covering her genital.

Her bladder is bloated like every priestess but after I checked, her pussy is dry with a salt crystallize on it.

Leaking is what allow them to not explode their bladder. But this priestess stopped leaking. She have been holding for too long her bladder lost it elasticity and failed to contract. The urine builds up too much and caused her the fell unconscious.

I was thinking of giving a nudge on her bulge and let the urine be pushed out, but her bladder wall was so thinned out just a touch would burst it

I put a glass urinal against the salt coated vulva of her and start massaging her waist. I wanted to make her let out the natural way. After nothing has changed for uncomfortably too long, I open her urethra and push down her bladder while casting heal on it. Forcing the pee out. The volume was crazy. It filled up untire urinal pot and there's a lot left. She would wake up dying to pee but she's fine now.

I turn back to Julia who have been holding it in for a while now. She have a patch of pee on her shorts and rubbing her thighs together.

"why won't you go pee?"

Julia: sweat when I think about it, having you with me wouldn't be that bad...

"what?"

Julia: I'm scared...

"why suddenly? There is no demon left... is there?"

Julia: there's a lot of death soldiers right? When I was going to um... use the bush shake I hear the sounds just like in the camp but deep in the woods. Where there's nothing but corpses.

"They wanted you..."

Julia: I got really scared and ran away.

"That's terrifying... have you tried finding a quiet corner in the camp?"

Julia: I can't! The sound isn't there anymore, but it's still echoes in my head when I'm alone. I can't!

She starts hyperventilating.

"Breathe Julia BREATHE"

Julia: I'm sorry... I...

"please calm down, try thinking about Magic or something"

Julia: I don't think I can concentrate...

She's shaking both her body and voice, she's trying to act fine but I can sense she's going to have a panic attack.

I push down her bladder to distract her. Her pee won't come out tho.

Julia: hggh! AHH! Stop! Stop! It's bad! It's really uncomfortable!

"How are you going to empty this?"

Julia: I want you to go with me... to the bush.

"I don't wanna be salty, but can you let out pee in front of me?"

Julia: N-no... but it's definitely better than alone... I have better chances together...

"how about holding hands?"

Julia: nods please hurry, I really want to pee...

"can't you go in a pot?"

Julia: I can't, I'm only comfortable with toilets and bushes

"hold on, I need to tell everyone first"

Julia: Nods

Julia is holding her crotch, waiting for me to announce the importance to everyone. She's patient, but her limit is coming

APPARENTLY THERE'RE CALLING FROM THE WOODS. DON'T GO INTO THEM. IF YOU REALLY WANT TO GO, JUST USE A POT!

I rushed into the bush near the camp for Julia to finally relieve herself. She squeeze my hand really hard almost to the point of hurting. When we're at certain point that can't been seem,

I heard it...

The sound of a camp, from the depth of forest. It definitely NOT an echo. It sends chills down my spine. I never believed in ghost. But THIS, makes me. I only hear it faintly. But Julia would be able to hear it clearly.

She isn't able to control her urge to pee anymore and want to get it done with. She un botton her shorts. While her hand busy undressing I hold her arm. Ensures her I'm still here. She popped a squat and trying to pee. She make sure I won't see hers down there.

Julia: I- I can't

"I don't think I can either, wanna go back"

Julia: I can't take it anymore! If I go back to camp I'm gonna...

I understand, I feel so pity for her. I'll just let her get it done and go back. Easy, Easy! I heighten my senses to sense what's the actual sound is.

I listen to the sound from the depth of the forest. There's sound of soldiers. One group of soldiers talking. I listen to their conversations. Until I wasn't the only side listening...

Hey little bro,

The soldiers talk in my direction, then whispered in my ear

Come join us

"AHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!"

The loudest scream I ever let out. I explode mana outward. yes, explode! I push every bit of mana outward, flatten the trees around. I picked Julia up and carry her, ascends up and slam down at the camp.

Both of us still screaming but Julia was able to frantically puts her pants back on in time. I sit on the ground shaking.

"Nahhh na na na nahhh, I'm not going there again"

Julia: I'm sorry- I'm sorry! That was a bad idea

"Worst idea"

Julia: I'm sorry!

With that sight, the commander order to forbids anyone to go into the woods

Julia haven't empty her bladder and curfew has started.

End

*008*2024-08-21 16:20

Chapter 7: back to Nora

I sit there hyperventilating for a while. Eventually I was able to calm myself. It was sure scary, but they couldn't do a thing to me.

After I stop panicking I start to calm Julia down before she gets serious panic attack.

She have too much stress from both her mental and body. She was not responding... she was scared to her core and with a full bladder in her body, She's overwhelmed by the pressures. I know she's trying her best but her heart rate doesn't decrease, I cant just let her be like this.

@@i honestly don't know what to do to calm her down, so I just go with petting. Nothing crazy, just me stroking her hair back and fourth gently with my hand. It was not quite effective at first but after sometimes she calm down

Her heart beats slowly drop to normal and she breathe more rhythmically. She open her teary eyes.

Julia: Pet me more...

"ok... I guess"

She calm down from a panic to slightly frightened.

Then I feel warmth on my leg.

I look what's causing it and it was Julia. A small stream of pee was able to leak out from her shorts. She's panting quietly, Must have been holding it in for a really long time.

Her bladder is relieved. It looked almost exploded but after a while it's just really full. Julia get a hold of herself and stop. She's embarrassed.

Julia: I-I want a more private place...

"that's right... sure"

I take her into a small tent and put her down, she looks at me. I sigh and start petting her head. She closes her eyes.

Julia: I can't... it's so embarrassing...

"heyyyy! Stop messing with meeee"

Julia: It can't be help! I'm so nervous!

A moment of silence later...

Julia: I want the warm water like when you wash me last time...

"Oh? You liked that one?"

Julia: don't tease meeeeee!

"ok ok"

Julia stands up, I kneel in front of her. Her crotch was so close to my face I can smell her pee, She backed away... I position my hand and ready

"I'm gonna start, ok?,"

Julia: Nods

I look into her bladder, there's a lot of pee stored in it, waiting to come out. I match my water temperature with it and start letting it flow through her crotch.

Her ears and tail stand up straight as the warm water run down through her stomach down onto her crotch.

She started to go with the water. Her bladder sphincter relaxes. The pent up urine filled her urethra, She blushes.

She relaxes her final floodgate, her pee starts to come out.

I stop the water and let her pee down her shorts.

Julia: heyyy! Don't stop! It's feeling like I'm just wetting myself!

"Well, you're peeing yourself either way"

Julia: but I feel better peeing into the stream!

"you can't stop, can you?"

Julia: Nghhhh... no... blush

@@help out

After Julia was done, I thought I should go help them clean up the camp. The soldiers are healed. There's no reason to stay longer.

I go out the tent to met the sight of many girl, I mean tons of them really desperate to pee but couldn't find private spot inside the camp.

Some of them already have stained on their robe(most of people here wears it) some wet themselves already.

I ask Julia to write "female bathroom" on a sign and put it up over the entrance of the tent we just use. In there I gathered buckets and cloths for them to use.

They would pee into the buckets. Use the cloths to wipe their private and cover the urine filled bucket, allowing them to carry it without too much embarrassment and dump to the outside of the camp

The girls are delighted by the bathroom and form a line waiting to use it. After a while there's pool of pee where they decide to dump it.

I moved on and help clean up the tents. I would let the soldiers take care of the tent cloth and things inside it. Until all it left was Pilars and supports.

I would unearth them thrm telekinesis and lay them on the wagons. Peoples in the came they look at me with too much amazement, so I tune it down only lifting only one at a time. Until it's all done.

Since that's what takes the most time clearing, we're now only need to March back. It's takes 2 hours with wagons but it's already evening. I was asked to help escort the army but I declined.

Farewell to the fallen

Before I leave I walk into the forest one more time, this time with confidence. I hear the same uncanny sound but I continue. I reached the sea of blood, The area where the war take place. I hear the same spirit talking to me.

It's you! Are you here to join us?

The soldier spirit joking to me, smiling. I take a deep breath and sigh.

I cast a large magic circle and send every spirit to heaven.

@@guess not haha! wave

I stick out my tongue as they dissapear. That's what you get for teasing me.

After that I reunite with the army.

I'm here for like 4 hours already. if time pass at the same rate it would be 8 pm by now.

It's not like my house is strict, but they would be worried. I don't think my parents care very much but I don't wanna leave my little sister alone.

I excuse myself and Julia to the commander and go ahead to Nora.

Nora

By the time I'm at Nora, the sun is already setting. I ask Julia if she could lead me to the gate so I can go home.

"can you take me to the gate?"

Julia: it's already late, how about you just stay the night here?

"I need to go home"

Julia: Can we go tommorow?

"I need to go today"

Julia: why do you want to go home that bad?

"I have little sister to take care of"

Julia: OH... I...I- I understand B-But! Sweats

"What are you hiding?"

Julia: Nothing?

I let the silence judge her

Julia: I'm scared of darkness...

I sighed. think about it, if I were to force her to take me to the gate, she would have to walk 30 minutes back to Nora in darkness. I'm not that cruel... maybe.

"I'll go there myself then"

Julia: just so you know... the gate can't be open at night...

"heyyyyy~! Just say that in the beginning!"

Julia: sorry...

"Where should I stay... I got no money"

Julia: My Tuma?

"Excuse me, the fuck is a Tuma?"

She's shocked, her ear flatten, her tail drop, closing her eyes. She's look scared and upset. I suspect it was the translation.

"sorry, I think that's a mistranslation. I mean I don't understand what is "Tuma""

Julia: You aren't mad at me? Look up

"Nonono, not at all. I think I used sensitive words and it translate literally"

Julia: so you're not gonna beat me up?

"no!"

Julia: It's- It's where people rent a room and lives... I can give you money for that...

"an apartment?"

Julia: fire?grass?

"Nothing"

I think it transliterate "apartment" to her and she tried to make sense of it by saying words that sound alike and then translate back to me in English. Now I know "fire" and "grass" sounds like "apartment".

"anyway, what I said back there was that scary?"

Julia: you suddenly say a bad word and sounded angry...

"Fuck you"

Julia: blush what!? That's- that's embarrassing! I'm not ready!

Oh... it just translate that literally...

I grinned

"What did I say?"

Julia: I- I don't wanna say it out... blush

"it's fine, I wanna know how bad was that"

Julia: It's- it's not rude but...

"come on, say it"

Julia: s- se- sexual i- Intercouse with... me...

"WHOA!"

Julia: it's so embarrassing!

"pussy"

Julia: little cat? You're so random...

It's translating literally...

"vulva"

Julia: EEKKK! What!? WHAT? Why did you say that!!?

"Both of those words can mean the same thing" point at her crotch "one is a slang one is the actual word"

Julia: blush you... you are so perverted

"ok ok, move on. I'm gonna call Tuma "apartment" ok?"

Julia: o-ok

"Where is it? your apartment,"

Julia: follow me... don't say that again, ok?

"vagina"

Julia: I- I guess you could say that instead, but it's still... very straight...

Huh? I guess apparently in this world they decide vulva was more valued as feminine part? I guess once she's comfortable to let you see it you might as well see the vagina.

Julia leads me to the Tuma, where she tried to rent a room next to her for me but it's all filled tonight. The keeper said the room next to her will be available tommorow.

Julia sighed and order 2 dinner. the keeper's eyes sparkles, she ask Julia if she finally finds a boyfriend. Julia blushes and say I'm just foreigner friend visiting, a Good cover up!

Julia lead me to her room, she takes of her robe and the dagger strap on her right thigh. She said I should wander around the Tuma. I think she's going to undress and bath. So I walked out the room and wander around.

I say hi to our neighbor who lives in the opposite room next to ours. She looks very kind, she also have brown dog ears and a tail. I talk to her a little and get asked if I'm Julia's boyfriend. I said "no, I'm a foreigner friend came to visit" then she stop asking further and tell me have a nice day.

I go down to the dining hall but get told to take a bath first. I understand, People would have their body full of sweat by this time of the day, so if they just all gather here it would absolutely smell like sweat. I figure it was a good time to recreate a little service scene.

I went up the stairs, and go into Julia's room. I see her clothes on the floor, time for a service scene I guess.

I walk to the front of the door, grip the handle.... and finally, the bathroom scene.....

Julia: I'm using the bathroom!

"Oh! Ok"

I backed up. How could this be? she said it before a could open the door. Maybe it's her ears that able to hear better. "Dammit" I thought to myself.

Julia: I'm coming out! Let me put on my clothes first!

"ok"

Julia walk out the bathroom, there's steam around her.

Julia: you can use it now...

"sure"

Julia: you can use my clothes if you want

"I'll just clean mine with magic"

Julia: if you said so...

I went in the bathroom, splash myself with bucket of water and go in the bath. Julia's bath water... I wander what the norm in this world is. I won't complain tho. It smells nice.

After I'm done. I dry myself, wash my clothes and put it on. Coming out in like 5 minutes. Julia look at me and tell me to the dining hall together.

I got stopped by guards telling me to go bath, I tell them I bathed. They don't believe me since I'm wearing the same clothes. But I tell them to smell me. They hesitate but do it eventually. They apologize and let me through.

When me and Julia came in. A waitress escorts us to the table, There were 2 plates of dinner ready. We sit and started eating.

Julia: I'm sorry about dragging you here

"it's okay"

Julia: What about your little sister?

"if she can microwave the food it should be fine"

Julia: spice cloth?

"mi-cro-wave, it's how we warm food up"

Julia: microwave? ...Why do you need to warm the food? Shouldn't it be hot when it's made?

"I made them this morning"

Julia: it would have rotted by now... there's no saving it

"I put it in the "fridge""

Julia: ice?

"if you hear something strange just assume it's my language"

Julia: Nods Fridge... what does it do?

"it's a cold cabinet and when the foods are cold, they don't rot. But it makes food really cold, That's why we warm it up before eat"

Julia: ohhh I see.

After we finished our meal we go to our room to go to sleep.

"can I borrow your robe?"

Julia: why?

"I'm gonna use it as pillow"

Julia: nonono I already asked them for a mattress

"Oh okay, then I'll wait. You go to sleep I'll go help them bring it up"

Julia: You can have the bed, I'll wait

"having the person who pays for my place to sleep sleep on the mattress? No..."

Julia: it's fine when that person brings you to another world to save their village and you did a good job.

"this is awkward..."

Julia: Nods

I go down to see 2 room service carrying a mattress upstairs, that's probably mine... I tell them it's fine and lift it up using telekinesis.

When everything is set. I and Julia decide who should sleep on the bed by rock paper scissor. It was Julia.

Then we sleep.

End

*009*2024-08-23 17:58

@@illustration of chapter 4's water scene, will update more later

Spoiler

@@when mc runs warm water through Julia's pants, heavily induce her urge to pee

&&

*010*2024-09-01 16:16

Chapter 8: back home

I wake up, slowly open my eyes.

"Huh?"

I was surprised that the sight I see isn't Julia's room... It's mine.

I also feel refreshing even though I think we sleep at like 11pm. I checked my alarm clock, it's 6 am. I skip my alarm clock so that it won't went off at 6:30, my usual wake up time.

I checked my calendar, it's the next day after I went into the portal. It must've send me back while I was sleeping.

Anyways, I go do my stuff in the bathroom, come out, dry myself and wear my uniform, ready for school.

I pick up my bag and head downstairs. I see my little sister cooking and I smell curry.

"morning Yuki"

Yuki: morning, ...wait! don't look!

I looked and see Yuki blushing, one hand stirring the curry, another covering her chest. She is wearing her pajamas and an apron though.

"didn't wear bras?'

Yuki: I didn't think you are going to wake up early!

"it's fineee, I see you naked like a thousand times already. And you're wearing an apron, it's not like anything is gonna poke out"

Yuki: you- you pervert! ...yeah you're right. Sigh

"But like, You? Cooking? Curry? In the morning? Everything is wrong here"

Yuki: What? I can cook too!

"OK, two things left, curry? In the morning? You're gonna be late and smell like curry..."

Yuki: Well... I didn't think about that...

"but why are you cooking anyway?"

Yuki: I see you come home last night and went straight to bed, didn't even bother having dinner. So I thought something happened and make you something in the morning could sheer you up.

"Nothing happened tho..."

Yuki: I know, no depress people singing downstairs and talk about my nipples

"bruh"

Wait... I came home last night? Did I walk home unconsciously while sleeping? Anyway, the curry is like 50% done, by the time she's done making she wouldn't have time to prepare for school.

"You wanna like, switch?"

Yuki: Nono it's fine.

"let me help, we're gonna be late"

Yuki: I can it this alone, go do something.

With that I'll happily take her advice. Aright I'll do something. That is of course... I turn on my x-ray vision again.

I take a peek on her bladder. it was near empty, obviously. Yuki always wake up because she have to pee, that's how she wake up. It's happen so often her alarm clock becomes useless at this point. And she would take a longgggg piss in the morning. I know this cause when we're still sleeping in the same room Yuki is most likely to wake me up at 6 am where she would shake me violently until I wake up to take her to the bathroom.

She's a big girl and have her own room now. But her habits doesn't seem to change.

Anyways, Back to the present where I try to make her want to pee. It's the same strategy, I copied and put more pee inside her bladder. Yuki feels her growing need to pee but she still keep it in. I keep the filling subtle and not so questionable, making sure she thinks it's her own pee.

She keep it to herself dispite her body language and the bladder I see suggests she need to relieve herself. She hold it in until she starts to leak then she's forced to ask me. (Nii is form of "Ani:兄" means older brother, kinda like "big bro")

Yuki: nii, Can you help me stir for a while?

"Why"

Yuki: I want to pee...

"can't you hold it? I'm kinda lazy"

Yuki: I woudn't bother you if I can, I want to pee really bad!

"how bad are we talking about?"

Yuki: can you stop? ...I'm gonna wet myself!

"ok ok"

I switched with her and let her go pee.

Yuki: Ah ah, it's gonna come out...

While she's still in the bathroom. I take the chance to accelerate the cooking process with my magic. After it's cooked. I tasted it and fix the saltiness by literally pull out the salt. By the time she finished her business and came out, I was done.

"Do You wanna serve?"

Yuki: It's done? I thought It would need to be cook for longer... wait, hold on. What kind of nonsense did you pulled this time?

"I just crank up the heat so it cook faster?"

Yuki: doesn't that just make the food burn? Look ...What? Sigh You know what? I'll just stop thinking about it.

"Sure, are you serving? You're the one making it"

Yuki: Yes, I'm gonna serve just sit and wait.

"it's 6:50 am, won't you go shower and dress for school? I'll take care of this so we won't be late"

Yuki: No, I cam manage that. I don't wanna be taken care all the time...

"Sure"

I let her serve the plates she's been doing, she brought the plates to the table then lay it down. She's standing at the side of the table her crotch is just a little lower than the table level, it's also have a wet spot between her legs.

"you peed yourself?"

Yuki: I didn't! It leaks because you're so slow!

Yuki cover the wet spot with her hand and blush. She sigh and sit at the other side of the table. Then we both enjoy the curry.

Yuki: ...It's really good! What did you do to it?

"hmm?"

Yuki: I messed up and put in too much salt, how did you fix that?

"I pull the salt out"

Yuki: What? How did you do that exactly?

"too much chemistry I don't wanna explain"

Yuki: eh? ...wait is there chemicals in here?

"I neutralized all of them"

Yuki: So there was!

After we finished the meal, Yuki go upstairs to prepare for school. I just sit snd watch some YouTube videos about the game I play.

After sometimes Yuki rush downstairs with all her stuff, she ask me if we're late. I check my watch and it's 7:44 am. If we run we can make it.

We both grab our bags and leave. Running through any shortcut we know and arrived at the school it time. Yuki is huffing, exhausted. I wait for her and go through the gate together. Where I wave to her because we study in different buildings, We separated.

I walk to my class, open the door and says hi to my friends. Then I sit next to Sarah cause thats my seat. She's drinking her morning coffee I guess. I said morning to her, she look at me and seems embarrassed. I forgot what had just happened yesterday since I'm all busy with the other side. We sit awkwardly.

Sarah: Thanks for the yesterday, I don't think I could made it without your advice

"You're welcome I guess"

Sarah: Keep it a secret, okay?

"Sure, how did it goes?"

Sarah: Eh? What should I say If you ask like that? ...I went in the bathroom just in tine I guess. Afterwards it felt really relieved, I thought my bladder would burst...

"Is your bladder okay?"

Sarah: it's kinda ache a little but I'm fine now. How do you know about this pee holding technique?

"I have little sister who always have pee emergency, I just remember her holding techniques"

Sarah: Oh, your little sister...

I perk up a little when she mentioned her bladder. I always was a fan of girl bringing up their pee desperation.

"What's the next period anyway?"

Sarah: homeroom?

"No, I mean the next one"

Sarah: math?

"Bruh, I forgot the book"

Sarah: You can watch with me, Let's put our desk together in math class.

"Oh, thanks."

We have the homeroom teacher telling us about the field trip next Monday to some ancient city and market at the other city. Sarah ask if she could sit with me since she isn't able to fit in with other girl, to which I said Sure. Do you know how much I can brag my friend with that? And omo situation I might encounter? It's win win Boi.

We have another 20 minute of my homeroom teacher absolutely destroyed us about the cleanliness and the work we haven't finished. But after that it's break before math.

Sarah: Should we do it now?

"okay" moves my desk to hers

Sarah: Umph! Brings out math books

We arrange the stuff on the tables so the book is on the middle between the tables. Then not so long after the math teacher comes in, she looked at us then she squint her eyes. She noticed we're sitting together because we're sharing a book so she continues walking in and starts the class like normal and let us be.

After the lesson was over. I checked the schedule, It was biology. I moved my table back to place and pack my stuff to move to the lab.

Sarah followed me to the biology lab and sit with me. My friends are in the front so they don't look back to talk much since biology teacher is a dick ...well just strict but we hate him for that. We learn about urology which is kinda awkward for me and Sarah But I enjoyed the slides.

1 hour has passed and Sarah started shifting her body around. Then I remember the coffer she had this morning and how she didn't visit the toilet a single time. She probably have to pee but chose to follow me around. But now her bladder is full

Sarah: Alex(yeah that'smy name), I really want to pee... what should I do?

"Eh? So suddenly. How bad? In scale of 1 to 10"

Sarah: 7, it's not like last time but I don't think I could hold it in for another hour...

"try don't move much, compress your bladder down until you barely hold it in"

Sarah: how would that help me? I might pee myself!

"just hold it, it tricks your body to think your bladder is full so it slow down the urine production "

Sarah: I see... tries Ahh nnngh it's worse than I thought...

"keep it in, it's kind of bladder training"

Sarah: Ahh, I-Is this good?

"I don't know, if you really need to pee like it's bursting it should be okay"

Sarah crossed her legs and bent down to squeeze her bladder. Seeing her bladder squish in x-ray it's kinda cute. I don't know how much coffee did she have but her bladder fill up pretty fast. Not too long it's start making her body jolts a little.

Sarah: I can't take it anymore! What should I do?

"release the pressure you're putting on your bladder, gives your bladder back the capacity"

Sarah: puts legs down Hahhh, i feel so much better...

"Now you know how it feels when you really about to pee right? Keep the pressure steady"

Sarah: I don't wanna push it in anymore! It felt so overwhelming....

"okay"

She keep it in for sometime but she drank too much coffee that the gained capacity filled in no time. I can see her bladder bulging out a little. But with x-ray vision her bladder was not a little. It's bloating because of the pee she's been holding.

Sarah: I can't hold it anymore! I'm gonna ask the teacher!

"don't! You know how Mr. Lockwood is. He's not gonna let you go"

Sarah: but it's the students right to use the bathroom!

"he didn't let us bring water in, how do you think he would let us let our water out?"

Sarah: B-but I'm gonna pee myself!

"he's teaching about the bladder. If you go up to him telling him your bladder is full, what do you think will happen? He probably gonna get you to be the subject"

Sarah: ...I don't wanna be his subject... what should I do? I can't posdibly hold it in for more 40 minutes!

"keep holding it steady, when he turn around we sneak out. His old ass won't notice a thing!"

Sarah: I don't know how long I can wait... every seconds I feel like it's gonna come out.

"I know, but it's the only way I can think of"

We waited for the professor to look away from us. While doing so I watch Sarah trying to not leak but after sometime has passed and teacher still looking she starts to lost her control. I can't help her relieve since we're not allow to bring water so she have to store every drop of urine in her own bladder. At some point she leak out some because her bladder was too full it might burst.

Finally that old dick turn around to find something. I get up and pull Sarah's hand. Turned out she have passed her limit to the point she can't move normally anymore. I figure there's no time so I carry her out before the professor turn around.

After we got out Sarah squeeze my hand. I might have put too much pressure on her bladder she can't help but telling me to stop. Her skirt start dampening.

Sarah: it's coming out Alex, I can't take it anymore.

"hold on just keep it in a little longer"

Her mind and bladder give up halfway to the bathroom. Her bladder was so big I hesitate but at last I decide to lock her urethra with magic before she could start peeing in my arms.

I got to the bathroom, where I don't know which gender should I go in. Sarah can't stand on her own so I can't just let her down and wait. She begged me so I carried her inside the women's bathroom and sit her on the stall then leave to wait outside.

Sarah bunches up her skirt and take off her panties, ready to relieve her aching bladder. But then I hear her shouts for help

Sarah: I can't pee!

"what!?"

Sarah: I can't pee!! It won't come out!!

Shit, I forgot to release the seal I put on her urethra

"try do a gentle push around your bladder!"

Sarah hold the breath and push on the area around the bulge. She did not dare to push down directly because it might burst. She give her bladder a jump start to start voiding all her pee. I unlock her urethra so she could finally pee.

I hear her pee coming out her urethra and splash down onto the toilet bowl. It was a long and strong stream. If I wasn't continuously healing her bladder wall it would have tear and rupture so that was expected. She keep peeing hard for sometime eventually the pressure went down. Her stream start slowing down and became a trickle. Then I heard a big sigh from her, I guess She's done.

I hear the sound of Sarah bunching toilet paper and wipe her delicate part, maybe it's because she held too much in There's actually significant amount of urine left in her so I give her bladder a little nudge to push it out. It flow out onto her hand and the tissue she's been holding. I let Sarah clean herself and wait for her to come back out.

We walked back to the biology lab together, Now comes the hard part. as well as going out, Going in also need good timing. Accept this time we can't see the professor, atleast not sarah.

I use my x-ray vision but this time tuned to see Mr Lockwood. When he look back I grab her hand and run to the seat. Luckily we made it without him noticing. When Sarah sat down I heard a faint "jab" sound of her wet panties contact with the chair.

Sarah: Thankyou soooo much! I almost become a laugh stock for the class if I was just a little bit late!

"our classmates aren't that cruel, are they? They won't make fun of you. We understand your suffering. Most of us also need to hold it in. You just happen to reach your limit"

Sarah: Are you sure?

"Noticed how no one snitches?"

Sarah: You're right... thankyou, I could never made it without you.

"You're very welcome!"

Sarah: it's kinda embarrassing, but my bladder still aching like I need to pee, what should I do?

"If you allow me I can massage your bladder for that"

Sarah: I guess it's fine, just my tummy okay?

"ok"

Her bladder is bloated by the large amout of pee she held earlier so it feels like there's pee inside and ache because the bladder wall is damaged.

I intrude my hand into her shirt and rub on her bladder, of course it does nothing. It's just an excuse to touch her belly. I heal her bladder to its original shape and done.

We kinda sit awkwardly after that.

End

*011*2024-09-07 08:46

Chapter 9: living in both dimension

After Mr Lockwood finish reaching us. he gave presentation due Tuesday, the day after both weekend and Monday that we go to the school trip, A total dick move if you ask me trying to steal our sweet weekend.

We pack our stuff and head to the cafeteria since it's lunch time now. Sarah followed behind my back to the table but she seems too nervous to ask, So I'll be the one to start.

"wanna join? We have some seat left"

Sarah: is that so? ...will I be bothering you guys?

"we chill, right dudes?"

My friends make noises that indicate affirmation ranging from yep, yup to monkey noise

Sarah: if that's the case, excuse my intrude. Sit

"You're welcome"

Most of us including Sarah put their stuff down on the table to free their hand and go buy food. But today I have curry Yuki made this morning so I just bring out my lunch box then wait for my friends to come back and eat together. Couple of my friends who's back on the table or didn't go buy food ask me about Sarah and I if we're going out or something, I guess it's because we suddenly become close together. I denied their assumption and just say "she's chill" then everyone just stop asking

When all of my friends are at the table we start eating together. Me and my friends start having some gossips about that grumpy old man but in the end we can do nothing about it. Sarah sit awkwardly listening to me and my friends absolutely destroying Mr Lockwood, trying to fit in conversation. I notice her and change the direction of the conversation to match the type she is familiar with, then I nod at her. Sarah blush a little and nod back. she in now able to join our group.

We eat and talk until all of us finished our lunch. I go walking with Matthew and Sarah, we talk about the next class, it was history class. While we were walking we walk past a lady bathroom, Sarah was a little shy but she excused herself. It was such a moment, is this character development?

She went in and does her business, when she comes out I asked her. She replied "when I really weight it out, telling someone I need to use the bathroom is better than holding it in". I almost clapped, but It's now gonna be harder for me to tease her which is kinda make it more rewarding... Eh,whatever. I'll just walk to the next class

In the history class the lesson was usual. I starts to feel really sleepy, like too sleepy. It's boring yes, but It's not the same as I Always feel. I try to fight it but ultimately failed and fell asleep on the spot

Familiar room

I Open my Eyes to a total darkness, I'm a little afraid but I composed myself and give Myself a night vision. I'm laying on a mattress, I also see a wooden ceiling and stone brick walls just like in Julia's room.

Was I being teleported again? But then something hit me. I feel like I have to pee really bad, That's probably why I wake up.

I try to get up but there's something holding onto my legs, something feline...

And here she is, Julia's hugging my legs like it's her body pillow ...Am I now the victim of this story? Nope, no way.

I turn on my x-ray vision with intention of throwing my burden onto her bladder. To my surprise It was already full. She's sleeping with that much pee? She's gonna wet the bed sooner or later... but then I got an idea. I teleport my pee into her bladder just enough to make her want to pee really bad and get up slowly so she doesn't wake up.

I got into the bathroom make sure she could hear the door shut. With my see though vision, I see her ears perk up a little but Julia didn't wake up. I get somewhat confused, her bladder was THAT full but she didn't budge sleeping like nothing is going on. I nudge her bladder a little so she could feel the desperation and wake up. And she did.

Julia Open her eyes and sniff a little before she slowly put one of her hand on her crotch.

I can see her middle finger guide along the cleavage of her pussy to see if she leaked, fortunately she didn't. So Julia do what people do when they want to pee really bad, she comes to the bathroom which I'm in. I intentionally leave the lock on for this moment.

Julia Open the bathroom door to see me standing in front of the toilet peeing, I'm sure I was standing just in the right angle she wasn't able to see mine so it's all calculated.

Julia take a moment for her eepy brain to process, she blush and immediately close the door while apologizing.

Julia: I- I'm sorry! I just have to pee really bad I didn't notice you're here! I swear didn't go in on purpose!

"It's okay, girls also have curiosities too"

Julia: No! I'm really not peeking, I just wanted to pee!

"Don't mind Don't mind, I know, I'm just teasing you"

Julia: nggh! don't mess with me!

It was getting too comedic so I let my pee out to make her remember what have we been doing.

Julia: ah! I forgot, sorry. Let me just cover my ear. Blush

I keep peeing for a very long time, I start to get confused my self. I've never peed since I crossed the gate and now I'm peeing a lot.

I think Ivy's stats also boost my bladder capacity or something... I keep on peeing for somtime Julia have to call me out.

Julia: i don't want to be pressing but are you done yet? I start to feel like it's going to leak...

"I'm trying"

I see Julia clutching her middle finger between her slit. Her bladder got really big storing that much inside. She hasn't been waiting really long but she very desperate.

Julia: Pease come out soon, I can't wait for long... it's- it's very urgent!

After seeing Julia struggle to hold her pee for sometime I ran out of pee, I almost finished. I don't want to let her pee yet so I create water to fall into the toilet.

Julia: a-are you teasing me?

"No? I'm trying my best, have you noticed I didn't pee all day?"

Julia: I'm sorry...

At this point Julia just want to empty her bladder. She have been holding it for very long her bladder is reaching its limit. She feel rude and embarrassed to ask but she needs to, both of her hands supporting the base of her bulge bladder.

Julia: I'm sorry for asking this but do you perhaps able to stop mid s-stream? I really need to use to toilet...

"hold on... just a second"

I fake zipped my pants and pretend to do some stuff just to make her more desperate, then I Open the door to let her in

Julia: Thank you so much!

I feel like it would be a waste if she just let it all out when she's already holding this much in her bladder but nothing I can do....or can I? I now have more intelligent stat than her magic resistance.

I tie a little string of mana around her bladder neck, deny anything that try to come out.

Julia is confused why she can't pee she double check her crotch multiple time before conclude it was because she's nervous, The only thing making her unable to pee so far.

Julia: I-I can't pee... can you give me a little privacy?

"I'm waiting for you to finish"

Julia: I'm really sorry to interrupt, I can't take it anymore and I must pee so...

"it's okay, just start pissing already"

Julia: ngggh... mmmh... ahhh... I can't it won't come out.

She tried to pee. her bladder contracting multiple time but the way out is blocked so her pee can't come out no matter what. I let her try a little.

"How about we switch? I really need to continue. And you'll be able to pee with ease once there's no one pressing you"

Julia: b-but! ...I understand....

Julia puts her pants and underwear back on before coming out. I go in and make some pee noise for a moment and come back out. Immediately Julia rush back in and sit on the toilet.

Julia: I can't hold it anymore!

I let her try to pee but now her bladder start to become overloaded. I thought it would be a good time to let her pee. But before that I have to find a good explanation.

Julia: Help me! My belly hurts! I want to pee but it won't come out!

"Eh? Why?"

Julia: don't know! Can you help me? It hurts!

"like running water down your crotch?"

Julia: I want to pee! I don't know why can't I! Anything is fine! Just make me pee!

"okay okay"

I pull the door handle a little to get her attention.

"I can't use magic through walls y'know?"

Julia: But- it's embarrassing if you're inside! Ngggh... fine, help me!

I go in to see her bottom still fully clothed despite going to release something from there.

"why won't you take off your pants?"

Julia: i-it's embarrassing I rather leave it on than be naked down under...

"aright"

I create a stream of warm water and let it flow onto the crotch of her pants, make sure it runs through her ladies part. I originally gonna release the string tying on her bladder neck to let her pee at this point but I realized I already did this.

I keep the string secure, blocking Julia from releasing her pee causing her to shake from desperation.

"did you pee?"

Julia: I can't when you're in front of me!... What if you smell It... or hear it?

"I kinda already did both..."

Julia blushes out of embarrassment and we look at each other awkwardly. Her reservoir start to become bloated, stretching to contain a whole flood she've been hiding inside. God I want to stroke that cat girl's bulging bladder.

...wait I don't need to ask God for that, I'll just do it myself.

Julia: it's hurting really bad...

"if you want I can massage your bladder"

Julia: b-l-a-d-d-e-r?

"that's where you store your pee when you're holding it"

Julia: just do whatever! I want to let it out!

I start by running my right hand across her lower abdomen, I can clearly feel a bump on there, created by the bursting bladder lying inside her pelvic area, it's a big bulge. I can see Julia is having a goosebumps in response.

I dig my thumb in the bulge, poking her bladder. This seems to cause a sudden spike of pressure that cand be detected on her bladder's receptor making It sends emergency signal to the brain that the muscle bag holding her pee is going to rip apart.

Julia: Stopppp! My tummy is gonna explode! I can't handle this!

"it's necessary, bare with it"

Julia: ahhhg! ngggh! It's- ahh

Even when her hip jolt up every time I put any pressure on it, I still massaging her bladder. The feeling of need to expell the waste liquid bloating her lower abdomen is starting to overwhelms Julia. Her bladder expand and contract following the pressure I put on it. Before her bladder can't handle it, I take the chance to dig my thumb in that bulge, she gasped.

Then right after Julia's bladder almost exploded. I untie the knot on it. Allowing the immense pressure to be released through her urethra out her pee hole and down the toilet.

I denied her every attempt to urinate and now she's actually peeing, a stream came flow out steady. Not small but not big either, she was stretching it too much her bladder went weak. All she can do was sit there letting all her pent up pee flow down the drain, Her pain was lifted.

Julia: I'm peeing, I'm peeing ahhhh~ It's heaven~

Her legs is restless, moving around. She must feel so relieving passing that much pee. After 47 seconds I counted, it stopped. She let out a huge sigh as her bladder deflated back into a little pouch in its place.

Julia: I'm done... Thankyou. My belly almost burst...

"You mean your bladder?"

Julia: I guess... if that where pee is in. It hurts really bad i I thought it was going to break.

"you mean it literally or..."

Julia: Nods

"ouch... I can feel that...."

Julia: You can go to sleep, I'll take care of my... wet clothes

"just take it off and I'll wash it with my magic"

Julia: I don't want you to see my p-panties...

"oh"

Julia: are you going out or?

"oh right"

Julia: c-can you bring me a t-towel?

"Why?"

Julia: I forgot I have nothing to wear you know? Underneath...

"I'll just bring it to you, where is it?"

Julia: No No No you can't! I'll get it on my own!

"Why tho"

Julia: It's where my clothes are and there're... no you can't look!

"What? Pads?"

Julia: Pads? What's that? Whatever just give me the towel!

"here you go"

Julia: you can go sleep now, I need to change

"aright"

I went to bed and continue my sleep. It was so easy my conscious left my body the moment my head touched the pillow. Then I wake up in my classroom. I look up to see Sarah waking me

Sarah: hey, Alex, hey! Wake up! We need to go to the chemistry lab! We're running late!

"I-I guess"

Joe: see? He just need his crush to wake him up

Matthew: dude is down bad

"shut up"

Joe: is simpy boy mad? Am I making you mad simpy boy?

"fuck you, you peepee boy on the bus, you broken leg boy at the sleep over, you tripped into the bush boy at the park, you rejected boy in the highschool, you-"

Joe: fuck you too!

Sarah: are you guys really friends?

Us:yeah, besties actually

Sarah: you guys are so...complicated...

"why?"

Sarah: if someone tell me that, I'm gonna be crying in the bathroom

"oh... we meant nothing! It's just funny to do! There's no hate! Right, Joe?"

Joe: yeah, fuck you!

"fuck you too!"

Sarah: can we not... throwing profanities at each other right now?

Us: okay ma'am.

We moved on and go to the chemistry lab. On the way Sarah take a quick visit to the ladies room, probably to let out all the tea she had at lunch. Me and my friends also think it's a good time to take a piss too since we're already waiting for Sarah, might as well just do something. We got out and waited a little before Sarah comes out. Daniel check his watch and oh shit, we're all late.

We run to the lab as fast as we could and managed to be only 7 minutes late, luckily the teacher isn't here yet. When she's in, she start the class. we studied about biochemistry, which I wish I understand. We guys collectively acting like a drying fish as our shared single brain cell struggles to comprehend what's going on.

We got assigned to do group reports on... what's that again? Whatever. All we know is we're doomed. But God still have mercy for us, it was 6 person assignment.

There's me, Matthew, Joe, Daniel and Peter who called in sick today, There's a place left for one person.

We all look at Sarah, holding her note.

Joe: Ms Sarah, our lord and savior. Would you be so kind and carry our humble group?

Sarah: u-uhh what?

"you wanna join our group and carry us? We're doomed here"

Sarah: s-sure, if you wanted me to.

Matthew: oh we do, we're begging you actually.

Sarah: then I'll join

Us: yippee!

After the class it'll be the end of today's school. Since there's not much happening I won't be going into detail on this part but we all said goodbye and head home.

Sarah house is on a different path I use to walk home. speaking of which I have to go the other route than the one with emergency alley because I have groceries to buy. Shame, I can't see a girl pissing there today. But I figured I watch enough already.

I go to the market to buy potatoes, carrot, onion, garlic and so on. Then I go buy meat. We also have just little butter left so I'll go to the supermarket as well.

I arrived at the supermarket, I go straight to butter and pick one up. there's a row of pudding Yuki likes nearby so I picked one up as well. Before there're thousands of item in my cart I went straight to the cashier. There's a line but It probably won't take long to be my turn.

I was humming songs while waiting before a small girl park her cart behind me. I look at her and at first I thought she was a middle school girl but then I see the bow on her uniform. Is she in the same year as me?

I see her looking around nervously and shifting her legs around. Is this destiny? To find people who have to pee at the time? Thank God? I turn my x-ray vision on and see what I'm not expecting.

Not only her bladder but her whole urinary track is filled with pee. Her urethra, bladder, ureter were brimming with urine but she show such little desperation for that much held in. Hell, her panties still dry.

"Are you in a hurry Ms? Here, go ahead"

@@girl: Thank you, I really need to get home right now.

"You're welcome"

I let her go ahead since I have had enough for today. A queue later and it's her turn. She bring out a little cute bunny wallet, use a membership card to pay her purchase and rushed off. I checked out and walk home wondering how long have she been holding her piss.

When I got home I just put everything in the fridge and go to my room to play video games. Unlike me, My sister is in a club. Which make her return more late than me.

I turn on my pc and plays a couple round of fps game with my friends before Yuki get home. She came shouting upstairs

Yuki: Nii! The dinner! I'm hungry!

"Let mom cook! I'm tired!"

Yuki: mom and dad won't be home today!

"Then wait! I'm playing in a match!"

Yuki: I'm hungryyyyy!

"pudding's in the fridge!"

Yuki: okay, love you!

"love you too!"

Daniel: bro, you talk to your little sister like that?

"yeah why?"

Daniel: I could never

"Yuki's chill"

Daniel: damn, switch sister?

"nah"

Even if Yuki's only my half blood related sibling, she's a good siblings and I adore her with my heart. I wouldn't trade her for anyone.

Oh yeah, quick back story. My dad got a Japanese girl who's now my stepmother pregnant while I'm like 5 and divorced with my real mom. That's why our name are totally different. My step mom love me tho, so no drama. When I say mom, it means her. Not my actual mother.

"Imma go now, Yuki's hungry"

Joe: just one more round

"you know last Saturday you said that and we sleep at like 6 in the morning, right?"

Matthew: just let Alex go, you're starving his sister

Joe: when you're back I'll be In diamond

"is that what's bronze called nowadays?"

Joe: Hey!

I take off my headset and go downstairs. when I went down the stairs, Yuki was gone. I think she already went up to her room, but that doesn't trouble me.

I checked the ingredients available and think steak might be a good so I start season the meat, chop up the garlic and throw that in the buttered pan. I liked medium well so I have to wait 4 minutes. While waiting I chop the carrots and broccoli. When I'm done chopping the vegetable it was time to flip, so I flipped the steaks and prepare the table. When it's done cooking I take the steaks out and throw in the vegetable to cook in that meat juices.

When the plates all set, I feel like something is missing. I think it's too empty so I throw peeled potatoes and milk in the blender because I'm a moron and proceed to make mashed potatoes in the worst way possible.

Then I call Yuki to dinner by shouting upstairs.

"dinner's ready!"

Yuki: I'm coming!

After some time, Yuki came down, we sat on the table and began eating.

"hehe, you came"

Yuki: ? ...Neeeee! Stop acting like a kid! You know I said coming!

"Oh God, the dinner I ready but my little sister is masturbating what do I do?"

Yuki: Neeeeeeeeee! I'm nooootttt!

"did you have a good time?"

Yuki: yes- you idiot, I didn't!

"at this point the food would turn cold"

Yuki take a single bite and mumble while eating

Yuki: 兄ちゃんバカ [big brother, you idiot]

"おい、わかるぞ"[Oi, I understand that]

Yuki: 何でもない...[Nothing...]

After being with her and her mother I picked up some Japanese, so I understand when she's talking like this.

Anyway, we eat the dinner while watching TV until we're done.

Yuki: thanks for the meal

"You're welcome"

Yuki: tch

"oi"

Yuki: I'm going bed

"You do the dish"

Yuki: fine

"sweet dreams!"

Yuki: you-

I went upstairs and continue playing with my friends, before stopping early and go to sleep.

@@with all that happened, I concluded that my conscious will go to the other side when I'm sleeping in this and return when I sleep in that side like wise. I also notice the time dilation in both side. It compressed my entire day I was awake into 6 hours of sleep. And my bodies at each side are separated, I don't experience sleepiness because my body at this side is sleeping while I was gone.

Great I'm experiencing 3 times more life.

End

*012*2024-09-19 17:43

Chapter 10: sin of lust

I wake up on the mattress with loud noise of banging on the wooden window.

I looked around but I can't find Julia. I panicked a little fearing Julia might have abandoned me. I check around the room but she's gone, There's only a note on the door.

However eventhough i can understand this side language but I cannot read them, I tried to read but the banging noise was getting on my nerves. So I shoved the window open to scare whatever banging it. But then I recognized a familiar torn pink dress.

Ivy: master! I need to pee!

"Huh?"

Ivy is levitating outside the window with her hands shoved between her legs. Holding her pee in.

"what's going on?"

Ivy: you need to let me pee! I can't hold it anymore!

"why do you need my permission to pee?"

Ivy: last time you order me to hold my pee in, so if you don't cancel the order I can't pee!

"why would I do that?"

Ivy: my bladder is going to explode and I'm gonna die! Please!

"With this much kill you probably deserve every death known"

Ivy: I'm sorry... but if I die, I wouldn't be able to make up for my sin! I'll make it up! Just let me pee and I'll... Hahn~ p-pee...

"Okay, Come down"

Ivy complied and descends down onto the floor of Julia's room, of course I turn on my x-ray vision and check her bladder out. It's pressurized with pee she've been holding since last time but none managed to leak since it's an order. I wonder how she slept while her bladder's full?

Ivy: master... the toilet...

Ivy hurriedly reminds me of her desperate need before I fell into a deep thought.

"before that, read this note for me" point at Julia's note

Ivy: nggh... to Mr. Hero, I have left early to report our experience in the last demon war at the Yaha. I have left you 3 gold under you bed, forgive my lack of wealth but that's all I have. I will be home at noon -from Julia doldora

"I see, so we're together until noon"

Ivy: master, I really really have to pee... can I use the toilet now?

"go into the bathroom"

Ivy: yes sir...

"take off your underwear"

Ivy: nggh... haah...

"bunch up your dress and sit on the toilet"

Ivy: allow me, let me pee!

"hold it in"

Ivy: I knew it! You pee fetish bastard! ...I-I take that back, please don't hurt me...

"Push on your bladder"

Ivy is shocked by the order. Did I just tell her to push her distended bladder down? It would be torturous to play with her sensitive urine container like that, she tried to stop her hand but there's noting she can do against order

Ivy: forgive me! That's not what I meant! Don't make me do this!

Ivy try to stop but her hand doesn't. She can only brace herself for what is to comes. Her right hand dig it's thumb into the bladder bulge, Ivy screamed but the other hand is keeping her mouth shut. Her legs curl up and shrivel to cope with her bursting bladder being compress.

Ivy: ugh hggugh Ahhhh!! Master! I want to pee! Ahhhh!!!

"harder"

Ivy: nonono arghhhh!!! My bladder's gonna explode! Master!!

I see her bladder stretching while getting squished around by its owner's hand. If it has a feeling it must be cursing at its owner's ungratefulness

I still would like to make her hold more so I didn't said anything.

"put up your underwear"

Ivy: But I haven't pee yet... I can't take it anymore!!!

"I can't just let you use Julia's toilet, you'll have to piss outside"

Ivy: I won't make it, my bladder's already... it's stretching so bad I can feels every drop of pee in it!

"I can't let you walk around like this either, act like a normal girl as if you have no urine in your bladder, this is order"

Ivy: Yes Master! Where should we go? The forest?

"we should visit Julia first, shall we? Oh right, your bladder won't be able to stand it"

Ivy have no choice but to do what I said and suppress her urge.

She acted like a normal girl despite her bladder bulging out. I tease her a little before I go outside. Where I see the dog lady from yesterday again and greet her

Dog lady: Ah! You from yesterday. I've heard your legend~ thanks Mr. hero

"it's my pleasure, My name is Alex. I might stay here for a while, figure I should introduce myself"

Dog lady: Nice to meet you mister Alex~ my name is Anna yofuma. The girl behind your back is?

I stumbled around trying to find explanation

"she's um... my friend, Ivy"

Ms Anna: Nice to meet you Ivy~

Ivy: N- Nice to meet you, miss Anna...

Ivy greet Ms Anna with no sign of what's happening inside her full bladder. She continued to store her waste liquid into her... oh, there's no room to fit.

I take her out to walk, until I notice it starts to become dangerous with bladder wall stretch as thin as a few millimeters. I walk her out the town.

While we walked through the forest Ivy suddenly tug on my shirt.

When she bend down to ease her urge, she felt a sharp pain like someone stabbed her in the bladder. She know her container Har just broke

Ivy: Master, I believe my bladder has just ruptured...

"really? Oh..."

Ivy: If it wasn't for you and your stupid time buying I wouldn't be dying like this!

"what you mean dying, I can just heal your bladder back"

Ivy: what? Nonono not the healing magic, it'll burn, No!!!

Her bladder really ruptured due to hypertension, So I have to repair it. She is very scared because she probably burns in devine magic. but I my healing doesn't come from God's, so her bladder is repaired without a problem.

Ivy: what happened? I didn't burn?

"my healing is not sacred, I don't even know gods here"

I saved her from blood poisoning and infection but she didn't seems happy. Maybe because that made her be subjected to the overloaded bladder again.

Her bladder is holding so much urine it's actively pushing other organs out the way and make a huge bulge above her crotch, she continued to hold her pee walking seemingly endlessly to her without hope to relieve her dying need for urination

Ivy: it hurts, my bladder hurts... I want to die...

Die? Last time she still ask for mercy and now... I guess she's in so much pain she think it's better to die?

I don't like that... what I like is desperation not the pain so I'm gonna fix that

"should have just told me"

Ivy: ?! Ah ah ah! pee! I want to pee! My bladder feels so tight! I want to let it out!

"No, not right now"

I fix the problem by messing with her nerves and make all pain receptor sends desperation signals instead. The result is her pain ease and her urge to pee sky rocketed.

Her posture changed from almost crawling in the agony into fidgeting around desperate to let her urine be free.

"Master, you like pee right? I'll let you watch, I'll pee on you, I'll pee like a dog, I'll do anything. Let me do it please!

"if I wanted to I can just order you though..."

Ivy: Ahhhhh, just let me pee!

"Let's go deeper, you don't wanna be seen by wandering adventurers are do You?"

Ivy: At this points, I'll happily pee in the middle of the town square if I get to relieve my bladder...

"Nope, you're doing it like a lady"

Ivy: hah, it's ironic how you're acting nothing like gentleman

"Oh? Good comeback I see, but do you know? I'm holding back... squat down."

Ivy: I'm sorry! It's a bad habit! My mouth go on its own!

"Ok sure, you can pee now... only on my right hand"

I thought it was going to be easy waving my hand around and let her chase it around like a pet chasing a toy but oh man, how wrong am I

Never once in my life have I been this startled, she lunges to my face so fast I could say she teleported, pin me down to the ground then start pissing on my hand without even taking her panties off.

Have you ever pour water on your hand? I guess that's how you probably imagined a girl pee on your hand feels, but this is not the case. It's like being sprayed with a warm water in summer from a pressurized hose.

Can I fight back? Yep, I have half of her strength plus mine. Should I do it? Nah, girl is having the best piss of her life. Ivy huffs and moans under her breath while unleashing her bladder contents on my hand. Her pussy is just barely above my right hand to pee on it so I reach my fingers up a little to touch it and tease her a little.

I can feels her puffy vulva under her drenched panties fabric. Her reaction was to jolts her hip upward just as much so I can't touch her private part, other than that she just keep peeing.

Her demon body seems to be able to hold much more than human could ever have. After a solid 2 minutes her stream calm down into a trickle then it stopped.

Ivy: haah that was the greatest relief I ever felt~ ...Master?

"I'm good... just go"

Ivy: won't you bring me back to your place?

"I can't just walk a wet demon around, and that apartment is not mine. This evening I'm gonna rent the room next to it, so just come when I'm there"

I fix her torn dress, clean her up, heal her bladder and let her fly away. Then I just walk back to Nora.

When I'm back at Julia's apartment I go to get the gold coin Julia gave me and prepare to go to the Yaha. The building I get Jamar, the cloth thingy that tell the soldiers I'm on their side. I think it's kinda like knights office or something like that

When I put the money in my pocket i heard a knock on the door.

Anna: Mr. Hero, are you in there?

"yeah, I'm here"

When I Open the door Ms Anna come in and proceed to lock the door I just opened and greed me with a sexy short skirt dress and a freaky smile. despite it being just a white dress her posture makes me wonder if she is wearing anything under it.

Before I could say anything Ms Anna shocked me

Anna: can I pee on you?

"Ms Anna?"

Anna: you know? I haven't use the restroom since you departed, my bladder is packed~

"What!?"

Anna: Ahhn~ my bladder's full, May I empty it on you, Mr hero?~

"what is going on!?"

Anna: You like this, don't you? C'mon look at my belly~ don't you like it when my bladder is pat pat this full?~

She proceeded to run her hand down from her chest, along her belly and stop just above the crotch of her skirt then pat down on where I assume is her bladder.

"I don't know what you're talking about, Ms Anna. Really!"

Anna: But it's ready to come out~~ don't you wanna have some fun with it until I burst? I won't tell anyone, oh shy boy~

I look around in panic, trying to find what the fuck is going on and then I see Ivy out the window, smiling suspiciously

"Y-Y-You You know Ivy, didn't you!? Don't come near me with that gaze! No!?"

She pinned me on the bed and sit on my legs just so her wedge is pressed on my dick. Though it have 3 or 2 if she didn't wear panties layers of fabric in between I can still feel my buddy getting squeeze between her pussy

Anna: It's ready to come out~ don't you wanna control it boy? Don't you want to take control of my piss filled bladder?

"What the fuck Ivy? Why is she trying to seduce me!?"

I turn my head and yelled at the mastermind who planned this situation but Ms Anna use her hand to tilt my head back to face her

Anna: Oh, don't be so cold. I'm on top of you, look at me.

Then she proceeds to leak a little on my dick

"my- my... //"

I was flustered from her behavior and the little piss patch on my pants. But I decided to try gain the control back.

Anna: Oh? My pussy is telling me there's something hard poking her lips, do you happen to know what is it~?

"ahh, that would by my buddy waiting to poke into a girl with bigggg bladder"

Anna: haah~ is my bladder big enough?

"I have to see"

Anna: Ah, it's coming out! Mr Hero, I'm leaking!

"Tch, is that how you wanna play? Hold it in!"

Anna: But! But my bladder is bursting!

I turn on my x-ray vision and look at her bladder to find that it's barely full, she just act it out. I feel kinda disappointed but given the little time I walk Ivy to piss it wouldn't fill that much.

The fact pull me out of my fantasy and make me think of the situation more critically. I figure Ivy is mind controlling her or Ms Anna is also a demon and is under Ivy's command. Either way I'm not gonna fall for her plan

"don't fake it, it's turning me off. Besides don't pee on Julia's bed"

Anna: ...you sure adapted fast...

"I hate fake feelings, since you want to seduce me so bad, how about you go drink some water and come back when you really feel it? Then maybe you can continue your stupid plan"

Anna: hmph, you're gonna be drenched when I'm back!

"I'd like to see you try"

Look at the reaction she gave me plus her actions. I concluded Ms Anna is just a pervert demon.

I watched Anna leaves the room then I turn to Ivy and give her a "punishment" for this situation.

"Ivy, drink a lot of water and hold your pee until I'm back"

Ivy: I'm in trouble...

I grab the coins and went out immediately, disappointed at them. I clean the patch of pee Anna has left on me and went down stairs to the lobby, asking where is the Yaha Julia went to. The answer they gave me was to turn right when I'm out the door and go straight down the path until I see the building with teal roof and armed soldier guarding the entrance. I thanked them and go

I follow the directions given and it leads me through the lively streets of Nora to the building I've been looking for, a building with teal roof and armed soldier guarding the entrance. This must be Yaha

Yaha

I walk up to the building and try to go in but the guards ask for my ID when I tell them i don't have one, they warn me not to come close or I'll be in trouble.

I feels offended, but they're just doing their job and I don't wanna trouble Julia inside so I'll just wait. Counting horse carriages passes by in the mean time. After a while I feel so bored I decided to create a water ball and throw it against the wall. The guards yelled at me to stop, but after the ball does nothing and just bounced back. They get that I'm just bored.

I waited a long while until finally a pretty cat girl walk out the entrance of The building, it was Julia.

I went straight to greet her

"hey, Julia~"

Julia: Oh, hi! Mister... um uh... hero?

"My name is Alex, just call me Alex"

Julia: sorry, Alex... I don't remember your name

"I don't remember telling you either, so it's not your fault. What were you doing?"

Julia: I was filling out forms and interviewed about our participation in the war

"you been gone for like from 5 am and you just finished?"

Julia: they ask me a lot...

"it was about me wasn't it?"

Julia: ...ahhh... not it's not like they view you in a bad way....

"I'm not that sensitive, just tell me"

Julia: they- they were... you need to know we don't have a lot of visitors okay?

"uh huh"

Julia: they wanted to investigate you...

"ahhh, I see"

Julia: it's all fine now, I did the paperwork and you just need to report to the town office... are you okay with that?

"sure, let's go"

I heard the deal, she did all this work for it to be this easy for me. All I have to do is going to the town office, I don't wanna trouble her more and that’s the least I can do. So I let Julia guide me there.

On the way I smell a very nice scent of cooked meat and spice, then I heard Julia sniff and her stomach growl.

Wait, she left since when I was still sleeping and that's like 6 in the morning, did she eat?

"Have you eaten something? Don't tell me you didn't eat since morning"

Julia: don't worry, I have some porridge this morning.

"are you hungry?"

Julia: um... we should rather hurry, I don't think it's good to have the mayor waiting.

"I don't think it's good to starve either, we're going to somewhere with food"

Julia: But-

"What would you do if I say I'm hungry?"

Julia: go to the market...

"then let's go grab some food first"

I don't know why she puts me before herself and the mayor but at least that make her listen to me. She need to have some meal or I'll be to blame. I have no idea if she's actualy older than me or not but my big brother instinct won't forgive me if she starves.

I thought it would be much closer guessing from the smell turns out it's actually mildly time consuming to walk to but at last we're at the market filled with food vendors. The food smell is so overwhelmingly good I'd actually drool.

"What do you want to eat?"

Julia: I mean I can't eat but if you're looking for recommendations-

"the fuck you mean you can't eat?"

Julia's ears flatten and her tail curled around her legs, she closed her eyes like she's ready to take a blow. People around me gasp as I said the F word.

I forgot people here don't swear often. so now they think I'm in so much rage and going to hit this poor cat girl.

"I'm not angry! I'm not angry! I'm sorry, I don't mean it. I forgot it's not normal here"

I explain myself while trying to be as less threatening as possible. People sigh out of relief and continue their doing. Then Julia Open one of her eye and see if I'm hitting her, which I'm not.

"Sorry, I was just wondering why you can't eat"

Julia: so no angry?

"no angry"

Julia: I don't have money...

"but you give me-"

...

"when you me give money I don't expect you to give me ALL your money!"

Julia: But- but that's what I can offer...

"No! I'm not taking it!"

Julia: B- But... do you want me as your wife instead?

"huh? Whattttt!?"

Julia: when- when a warrior saves a girl that's what she could offer... I- I'm not ready... but if you wanted to...

Julia blushes and poking her fingers together, then I realized she wasn't joking. She can be my wife I wanted to!? That's how much my authority I hold?

"I mean it's not a bad offer, but I mean I'm not taking any of your stuff!"

Julia: not a bad offer... blushes

"we're eating! we're eating! Where should we go?"

Julia: Ahhh! Sorry! ...should we buy from street vendors? Like on-stick food?

"on stick food?"

Julia: yes, you can eat while walking, so it won't take much time compare to a restaurant... or we could get fruit...

I was trying hard not to laugh but then I remembered, There's no cup or plastic bag to carry food in this world yet... It's start making sense and I apologize to her in my mind.

"Let's go with on-stick food, what do you like?"

Julia: I like chicken kemwan stick, it's easy to make on stick too so it's easy to find.

"kemwan stick?"

Julia: it's a stick version of traditional kemwan, a dish made with meats, vegetables and gar sauce. It's sweet, salty and smell very nice.

"gar?"

Julia: it's a very very nice smelling fruit.

"yeah, why not? Let's find it"

Julia leads me through the crowded market, it's kinda very very hot so I use my magic to make a cold breeze to blows through the market. When it comes, lot's of people sigh of relief. We keep searching for a while until Julia finds it. It's a market stall with doggy uncle as the vendor.

The food on the grill and plate are meats and vegetables skewered on a wood stick. It look a lot like barbecue which I see everywhere. I guess it's a popular food but Julia like chicken kemwan at this stall specifically.

I give back all the gold coins she gave me and tell her to buy for herself and I. She comes back after little while with like, 10 of them in each hands. Then she proceeds to feed me one

Julia: here's, aaaa~

"Bites, uhmm! Hat's hevy hoot! [That's very good]"

It's so good I'll tell you, it's like barbecue but more sweet and fruity, I don't know about gar but it's sure a delicious fruit.

She hand me half of them and I fucking devoured it. I shove one after another into my mouth untill it's all gone and I'm left with a bunch of sticks. Julia tells me to throw it in fire place at the town office since it's burnable.

I ask her if that would be rude and she answered "giving someone heat isn't rude" I now know how positive these people view is.

We keep walking and It turns out shoving the kemwan sticks in one go wasn't the best of ideas, now my throat feels all dry up...

"Do we have water? It's kinda salty and make me dehydrated"

Julia: I'm sorry, we should have go to a restaurant...

"what? No! I mean it's great. I just want to drink water"

Julia: we need to either go into a restaurant or to a well for that...

"There's no water vendors?"

Julia: No? Washing a cup is too much work for a vendor...

"Glass?"

Julia: isn't that for vine? It's expensive...

"right, let me just..."

I use my magic to collect and condense the water vapor in the air into water and drink it

Julia: No! You can't drink water from magic!

"why not?"

Julia: it's just gonna give you false sense of hydration and turn back into mana inside your body!

"Oh, my water is real, don't worry"

Julia: is that so? Then fine... just tell me if you feel sick, okay?

I don't think she understands but she either trust me or seen enough of my nonsense she just let it go.

After I was hydrated I continue following Julia's lead to the town office.

Town office

Julia: here it is, The town office.

"so we just go in?"

Julia: Nods

I go through the giant front door and stop to throw my stick into the fire place, it quickly burn into ashes and it really hit me. These people is so positive, it didn't actually give off that much warmth, it's just a way they view the action. Rather than view us as rude and careless they look at the positive part. I was humbled how different our society is.

Enough with the compliment. Anyways, Julia go to ask the lady at the counter where the mayor is. When she's done she return to me and ask me to follow her, She was very polite. I did follow her and then we arrived at the mayor office.

He look at us and smile

Mayor: Please sit down, It's nice to see you Ms Julia and Mr...

Julia: Alex, sir. His name is Alex.

Mayor: greeting Mr Alex, it is a honor to meet our war hero. Reach out

Shake hands "nice to meet you to Mr Mayor"

Mayor: Oh, didn't know you have my name, haha!

I'm confused, I don't know his name? What is he onto? I look at Julia and she whisper the explanation

Julia: His name is "Mayor clifht"

"I apologize, Mayor means mayor in my language"

Mayor: it's fine, now shall we make you an ID?

"Oh, that's nice. I thought you're going to interrogate me or something"

Mayor: Why would we do that? The defeat of demon army already show enough evidence, You're a good person!

"what if I'm just benefiting on you guys with the title hero?"

Mayor: even if that's not as heroic, you still saved our life nevertheless! What make you think we're gonna interrogate our savior like a criminal?

"I remember someone told Julia they wanted to interrogate me..."

Mayor: our folks may sometimes be xenophobic, but It's just cause they like Nora. I apologize on their behalf

"OK..."

Mayor: Ahem, let's make you a certified civilian shall we?

Xenophobic? Yeah, definitely something to expect. Nora civilians are very positive. If someone come and take advantage of them I would be mad too.

Mayor lead me to a room where I was placed on a table with someone who draw me while I need to write my personal information, which I obviously can't do since I can't read this side's language yet. I ask if Julia could write it for me, They don't have a problem with that so Julia start asking me the question and write down my answer. Luckily there were no awkward questions.

When it's all done the staff take the paper away, then the mayor speak

Mayor: Now let's get you a chest of gold... here!

"Oh thanks. just to make sure, you didn't give me like... all you money, right?"

I glance at Julia who's blushing out of embarrassment over her overgenerous actions.

Mayor: Oh Mr Alex, the town needs money to run. This is what you save us in damages. We saved these money to repair the town If it got destroyed, but since you save us from that whose money shall it be if it wasn't yours? haha!

Inside the chest there're thousands of gold coins. I got overwhelmed by the amount of money and look like Julia has the same reaction.

Honestly, I don't want it. I don't wanna be millionaire at the start of my journey, it's not fun. And what if they're another threat to Nora? What money would they use to recover from that if I take all of this?

"Julia, how much a gold coin worth in food?"

Julia: what? Um uhhh,I'm bad at thinking numbers...

"How much do you eat per day in terms of money?"

Julia: 40 to 60 copper... maybe 20 if i eat only rice...

"20 isn't divisible by three, how many meals do you eat each day?"

Julia: 2 breakfast and dinner... what's wrong? You eat three?

"yeah?"

I'm about to scold her out of my brother instinct but remember due to her job's nature, she probably be out in the wild at noon. So I just accepted it

"Anyway, how much copper coins is a gold coin?"

Julia: uhhhh, 10×10×10×10×10×10... one million?

"so you can live for almost 3 years while spending 1000 coppers a day?"

Julia: I- I can't think that much number...

"this is way too much to be comfortable sleeping at night..."

Julia: we don't have a lot of crime here...

"can I like, give you ten and give away the rest to the dead soldiers family?"

Julia: t-that's so kind of you, yes you can. I don't have control over your money...

I was also bothered by the guilt. Maybe if I act faster some of them wouldn't have died. So at least I could do is make sure their family can afford to live without them providing. So I decided to give this money to the dead soldiers's family.

I reach into the chest and pull out 20 gold coins. Ten for me ten for Julia.

"Mayor, I'll take just this. Give the rest to the fallen soldiers's family and keep the rest to protect the town"

Mayor: ...that's generous of you... Sure! I'll make sure they live a comfortable life and improve this town!⁵

"Deal, Then me and Julia are going home"

Mayor: Hope you'll be safe

We leave the town office and start walking back to the apartments building. On the way I decided to bring up the question I've been thinking of for a while since last night

"Hey, By the way last night you said you don't know what pads are, right?"

Julia: ah sorry, last night I was very embarrassed. they're the thick pieces of leather soldiers wears under their armor, right? I do not own them

"No, I mean the one you wear on your period"

Julia: period? What period? My time? I don't understand...

"uhhh, the time when you blood comes out from your vagina?"

Julia: that's terrifying! I've never experienced such horrible curse... I would bleed to death!

"You don't? ...Well it's not a curse, every mature girl in my world go through it every month. They experience pain in their abdomen, fluctuate emotions and the bleeding"

Julia: I do experience mood swings every month... other than that is just nightmarish... they are so tough able to going through that...

"it's part of their reproductive system. yeah I agree, my little sister is tough going through that every month"

Julia: do you bleed too?

"no, I don't. I don't think I even capable"

Julia: why?

"there're like blood clots also and I don't think it can fit through- wait...Julia, have you ever seen a penis?"

Julia: blushes eeeeh!? huh!? I- I've never seen one before...

Well that explains a lot...

"not even your dad's?"

Julia: n-no

"wanna see mine?"

Julia: haaah!?

"just kidding"

Julia: I thought you're gonna...

She has such legit reaction I think she actually belive me. Maybe this is not a great joke to these people...

"If there's no pads to hide, Then what make you embarrassed when I try to open your closet?"

Julia: blushes m-my underwear...

"oh, that's right"

Just like that? I'm struggling to find where the lines is...

Anyway we made it to Julia's apartment building or Tuma as Julia calls it. I don't wanna bother her room again and wanna have a bed of my own now that I have money, so I ask Julia to help me rent a room.

Julia Nodded and walk to the counter

Receptionist: hello, how can I help you?

Julia: I'm looking to rent a room for this person

"It'd be great if it's near Julia's"

Receptionist: how comes? did you guys fight?

"no, we're not. I just wanna have my own room and not bother her"

Receptionist: that'll be 2 iron per night- what?

"a month please"

I pull out one of the gold coins I just got from the mayor and put it on the counter. Julia and the receptionist seems surprised by my action, then Julia shake my arm and speak to me like I'm a toddler

Julia: No! You can't just give her a gold coin! It's hard to get the changes!

"sorry, I only have gold coins..."

Receptionist: it's fine, it's fine. I have the changes.

"and two dinner also"

Receptionist: that'll be 60 iron and 60 copper... here is your key and changes

She took my gold coins and give me the key, she turns back and take a long time finding changes. Then she turns back and give me a huge bag of coins which I assume is 9 big silver 9 silver 9 big iron 39 iron and 4 big copper by my academic calculations.

After we're done Julia turn to me with desperate looks

Julia: I'll go use the bathroom in my room first, is that okay?

"No"

Julia: But I have to pee...

"I'm just joking. go, before you hurt your bladder again"

Julia: it's not that bad yet... if you have anything to say-

Her bladder is full, she try to act normal but her tail was curling around her left thigh hugging it tightly. Her body language all tell me she's in a pinch, I don't want to tease her too much and make her associate me with her pee desperation so I'll let her go this time

"I have nothing to say and I'm not your boss to listen, just do yourself a favor and go pee"

Julia: okay...

"Let's meet again when we're done bathing shall we?"

Julia: fidgets sure

Then Julia went up the stairs to her room followed by me. She walk normally to not rush me but her curling tail tighten around her thigh as she walk. In response I walk faster so she won't have to worry about me.

When we're outside of our respective apartments. despite her full bladder wanting to be releases, Julia proceeds to stop qnd tell me to notify her anytime if there's a problem. Then she go inside her apartment. I wanted to be less of a creep but in the end I can't stop myself and spy on her

I see her desperately trying to put everything down and remove her clothing, Then she sit on the toilet and take a deep breath multiple time before she calm enough to pee. When she's done, I sighed and stop watching her doing her business.

I go to adjust the room to my liking. I sit on the bed and relaxed for a while until there's a knock on my door.

I opened to find the same dog girl from this morning, It was Anna.

Anna: Alex~ where have you been? You think you could escape?

She knows my name now...

Anna: you know how long I've been holding it in, waiting for you to come back?

"you haven't peed? ...for 6 hours?"

Anna: You bad bad boy making me wait this long, c'mon~ be still and let this dog mark her master~

Ah, I see. She's still determined to pee on me. I wanted check but her lower abdomen where her bladder is is poking out showing enough already.

She proceeds to rubs on the bulge and pad it, showing off her big bladder before speaking to me again

Anna: my bladder is all tighty now... Don't you wonder how long can this girl last?~

"I do~ good girl don't pee right?"

Anna: yes master~ I've been holding it in since you left~

Since she has done as told I'll just go her way and play this game. I want to make her hold her pee till the very last second so I'll just make it clear what I wanted

"Good girl hold it in"

Anna: But it's ready master~ my bladder is telling me it's time to mark my territory~~♡

"Oh? This bladder?"

@@pushes

Anna: hyangh!♡ Master~ don't treat it so roughly.

"after all it's been keeping all your pee in right?"

Anna: It's coming out master~

"oh no~ a good girl hold it in, don't you wanna be a good girl?"

Anna: I do master, I do!

She's pretty good at playing both bottom and top I'd say. She can both suppress me with her strength and be gentle and listening when I wanted

Anna: what can I do to put your meat in me, Master?♡

"Oh? You want this? How about you hold it in some more and let me poke your bladder from your vag?"

Anna: I'll do anything for you master~

...A-

The familiar magic circle appears on Anna's neck and collapse into a collar. Hah, that's strange. I wonder what this could be lol~

Ivy shove herself through the window and yell at Anna for her carelessness that failed their plan

Ivy: Anna you stupid dog! Didn't I just tell you to-

"rookies"

Anna: Master?

"Ivy, I told you to hold it in a lot right?"

Ivy: I'm gonna be able to pee once the plan success if it wasn't for this stupid dog!!

Anna: master~ Ivy blame me for her mistakes~

Ivy: Hey! Don't ask enemy for help!

"Both of you, sit immediately"

@@them: yes sir

"care to explain this "plan" to me?"

Ivy: first can I go to the toilet? Squirm

"no"

Anna: hah! good girl hold it in!

Ivy: you fucking-

"Ivy, shut up or I'll make you hold it in until tomorrow"

Ivy: why am I the one who get bullied? ...Hmph! whatever!

"Anna, what did your guys plan to do?"

Anna: When I see master with Ivy this morning, I see her bladder reaaally big. So I think master like big bladder girl, so I hold my pee for master~♡

"why me?"

Anna: master smell reaaally good, that's why

"huh?"

Ivy: she means your mana, she smells mana from you.

"So why were you trying to smash me?"

Anna: Ivy tell me to make master cry for mercy, telling me Master will give up everything for me

"ahh, so that's why. Do you really like me for real or just doing what your boss said?"

Ivy: I'm not her boss... we're on the same rank...

Anna: Master's smell make me feels itchy in certain place~

"so what's your ability then?"

Anna: when I make babies with someone I get their mana~!

"that's... fitting I guess"

Anna: if Ivy didn't get in the way I would have got master's cu- mana* hehe~

Ivy: shut up you lustfull creature!

Anna: I'm the sin of lust after all~♡

"wait, if Anna is the sin of lust so what are you? Sin of stupidity?"

Ivy: You- Fucking insolent Bastard! I'm gonna rip your head-

"I'm gonna make you tear yourself into millions of pieces and feed your own fragments to cows"

Ivy: I'm sorry, please don't....

Anna: master, that's cruel...

"Jeez, I'm just joking! So which sin are you exactly?"

Ivy: S-sloth...

"yeah.. guess from your ability that's probably it"

Ivy: please don't hurt me...

"I'm sorry, OK? I don't mean it! I thought with that attitude you'd be able to take it well"

Ivy: I-It's different when you are capable to do that...

"I swear it's just an empty thread, Just move on okay?"

Ivy: Nods

I feels like I'm like a monster in Ivy's eyes and that doesn't bring me joy. I kinda feel bad saying that. But like, how could I know she'd be all shaking terrified like this?

Before I fell into the bad thoughts, Anna pull me out. I don't know if she knows what I think about or it's just a good timing. But she saved me from having a mental crisis.

Anna: Master, pee...

"you two just go use my bathroom, I'm not in the mood anymore"

Anna: are you going to watch?

"Anna, act more like just a needy girl and not pet sex slave please"

Anna: Master like that more?

"Honestly you're so committed it's kinda take away the fun. Is this your real self? If not, be yourself. it's not the same if you're acting"

Anna: I just want my partner in bed to be happy...

"that's sweet (if not considering the part she basically kill them by having sex) but I want you to be yourself, not what you think I wanted you to be"

Anna: I understand... but I didn't lie when I said I want to do it with you. Know that, okay?

"next time"

I turned to Ivy who's gripping her crotch and sit on the floor. Wondering where would she go that now her title have been stripped away

"so where are you going to sleep, Ivy?"

Ivy: Lust's room...

Anna: I'm gonna take your virginity Sloth~!

Ivy: please don't

Honestly, with her personality I've seen so far. I couldn't tell if she's serious or not

"You good with girls too?"

Anna: I'm fine with them too yes, but this time I was just joking

"Why you two call each other by sin?"

Ivy: it's more comfortable for me...

Anna: Miss Ivary is kinda...

"just call each other Ivy and Anna or something?"

Ivy: we're not close... actually. You just casually start calling me that but if the other sin refer to me with that name... it's gonna be embarrassing

Anna: I'm fine either way. But I prefer being called a good girl too

"When I think about it, isn't that racist?"

Anna: some would be offended, yes. but I actually do enjoy being called a good girl~

"okay, we should stop talking before Ivy burst her bladder. You two are dismissed"

They got up and rush to the bathroom. I just turn around and sit on my bed

Not a moment can I relax, I hear Ivy screaming from the bathroom. When I went to check on them, I see Ivy trying to close the door and Anna shoving herself halfway through the door.

Ivy: master! Anna is teasing me!

Anna: I need to pee too!!

"Anna, just let her pee"

Anna: um! Yes sir!

Anna get out from between the door and stand up straight like a soldier, it was funny. She then wait for a while until she can't. Anna can't keep her her calm any more and start walking in circle in front of the bathroom. Just like I told, She did drink some water and hold it in and I think she have been holding for too long.

Her bladder is keeping too much pee in beyond the safe level, it's bulging and leaking into her urethra tube. Her tail wags around in desperation... or excitement, I can't tell... her lower body twisting and curling to compensate for the pressure in her reservoir.

"How about you go use the toilet in your room, Anna?"

Anna: I can do it! I can hold it in until she's done... ahh!

"did you just leaked?"

Anna: do you like it-? Hahh... ngggh...

"so this is your limit... yep, I do like it"

Anna: Then I'm happy- to- pee... my... self... haaa~♡

After waiting for too long she gives up holding her pee against the urge. Her tail jumped straight and she bend down, her bladder spasmed and caused her to leak. It take her roughly 10 seconds until she lost all control of her urinary muscles. Her bladder squeezes, her urethral sphincter relaxes and her pee burst out of the confinement of her urinary track.

"You know this is MY room right? Don't wet yourself on the floor!"

Anna tried to block her pee hole with her fingers, but it seems like she cannot handle the level of desperation she's asking for from stopping her body's emergency protocol. After a moment of the flood being stop the dam broke. Anna emptied her entire bladder on the floor in front of the bathroom, She created a very large puddle of steaming pee where she stand.

Anna: I can't stop! I can't stop~♡

"fine, piss as much as you want. I'll clean it up"

When Ivy comes out she and see Anna with her mess has a shocked reaction. It was to be expected, but she look more shocked than I expected. I was curious, Until Anna turn to face me. I see her blushing and look embarrassed. Now I know why Ivy is shocked, I shocked too. Anna seems to be the shameless beast type of girl, seeing her blushing from embarrassment is quite a sight.

"Yo, you're blushing"

Ivy: Lust?

Anna: I've- I've never wet myself before... it-It's very exciting huff huff

Her hand previously used to seal her pee hole start moving around on her crotch, Anyone would say she's rubbing herself. The other hand is closing her mouth from letting out any moans

Anna: hah hah hahhh

"Oi, don't touch yourself in my room"

Ivy: Lust!

Anna: I'm just catching my breath! ><

"hands girl, hands"

Anna: I-It's doing on it's own!

I look at the massive puddle and sigh then I use telekinesis to collect Anna's pee into a floating ball that's actually larger than her bladder, I don't exactly know why but I think their demonic power gives their bladder more durability. Both girl look surprise and blushes as I walk pass them to the toilet and dump the ball of steaming piss in it.

I also use my magic to dry and clean their wet clothes. Due to the fighting of who's using the bathroom first Ivy wetted her panties a little, it's just a tiny patch so I just dry it. Anna however, I need to pull all her piss from her skirt and panties and throw it into the toilet.

When everything is dry all it left is stench of urea. I figure I should just clean the smell by collecting the smell molecules and shove them down the drain. So I'll just do it when I'm done bathing along with my clothes. Julia could be done when I'm finished bathing and see these two come out of my room, so I'll just make them leave before she's done.

"Imma go bath and have dinner with Julia then I'm going straight to sleep after. You guys go to your room and do your stuff okay?"

Ivy: yes sir

Anna: okay~

Both demon is more comply than I thought and that's a good thing. Anna leaves to her room with Ivy following her. Though I don't know what would Anna do to her, It's not my problem.

I filled the bathtub with warm water and take of my clothes. Then I go in and sigh out of relief, it's a heaven on land after a long day~

After I enjoyed my bath, I clean up my clothes along with the smell by my magic and get ready to eat the dinner.

I got outside and see Julia waiting. Her hair still moist so I don't think she waited that long. I tell her to come closer and tilt her head down. She's confused but does it anyway. That's when I start blowing warm wind out of my hand onto her head like a hair dryer. Her ears wiggle as I move my hand around her head to dry all her hair.

In the end her hair become fluffy and has much more volume than before

Julia: What was that?

"It's drying, so you don't have to wait for your hair to dry on its own and clumps together"

Julia: Oh thanks, are you ready for dinner?

"sniff my clothes"

Julia: blushes Eh!? ...OK sniff sniff

"How is it?"

Julia: it smell great! ...and kinda like Ms Anna

"Oh? You can tell? Yep I talked to her"

Glad I clean the pee smell, I don't wanna think about how would she react if she smells Anna's pee all over my clothes

"should we go?"

@@julia: um! Nods

We went down to the cafeteria to a table. The waitress seeing us yelled into the kitchen and in a short time they bring out our meal. And laid it on the table.

I start the conversation by thanking her for doing 6 hours of paper work for me.

"thanks for the hardwork"

Julia: ?

"this morning when you cleared my paperwork and your help in the town office"

Julia: Oh, it's nothing. Me and Nora could never thank you enough for your help.

"glad to hear that"

Julia: so should we go to the gate now that you're done with this side

"huh?"

Julia: Nonono! I don't mean to tell you to go away, just that wouldn't your family be worried? You mentioned your sister would starve and everything so I-

"no need for the explanation, I know. But even If I'm not back home my little sister would buy something to eat anyway"

Thinking about it Yuki would be happy actually, having no one cook for her means she have an excuse to buy convenient store food as much as she likes and blame it on me lol.

Julia: But don't you miss your family? I don't wanna keep you around against your will...

"Actually, I'm about to tell you"

Julia: ?

"I live in both world at once"

Julia: what? How does that work?

"it turn out my original body is still on that side. When I sleep in one body, the other one wakes up. So I can still cook for my sister"

Julia: ...wouldn't that make you very fatigue?

"No? My body in each side have sleep. Just that I won't be in the sleeping one"

Julia: ...I don't wanna be rude, but don't your mind need sleep?

"it's the other way around, mind don't need sleep. It's the body who make you feels sleepy when it's tired"

Julia: ...but it's the feeling! You feel it in your mind!

"tell me Julia, when you really need to pee is it the mind telling you to pee because you given do so or your body needs to let it out?"

Julia: my body...

"yep, just like sleep"

Julia: I thought it was because I was thinking all day my mind wanted a break

"might be... We're not the same after all."

Julia: So you don't have to leave?

"yep"

Julia: sigh

"I do wonder if we have kids which side would they belong to"

Julia: Haaah!?? K-kids?

Julia cough out her dinner and look at me then everybody turned to me.

"Sorry, I didn't think before I said that..."

Julia: I don't think I'm ready to be a mother...

"I'm just talking about it hypothetically!"

Julia: hypothetically?

"I mean If it were to happen, not that I'm gonna just put kids in you tonight, God dammit"

Everyone gasped. then I realized I cursed again. This time however, Julia seems to be just scared not terrified. Maybe she's adapting to my way of talking

"Sorry about that, I'm not angry"

Julia: ...No divine imprisonment?

"I don't think I can do that..."

Julia: you seems capable...

"I swear no one is getting damned this night"

Julia: ...that's reassuring

"I'm not a prideful heroes who's not to mess with. I'm just a guy! you don't have to be afraid"

Julia: I don't think you are one! It's just my reflex I swear!

"You're telling me if someone swear, you would react the same?"

Julia: If someone curse at me, I would cry...

"so why aren't you crying"

Julia: you wouldn't fo that to me.. would you?

Julia peek at me with pleading eyes

"no..."

We sit awkwardly after that. I find it uncomfortable so I wanna start a conversation. I look around, searching for a topic and my eyes landed on the weird clump on my plate. Because I just say 2 dinner when I ordered. Me and Julia have the exact same dish served.

Julia seems to be enjoying this part of the plate so I think I can use it as a topic

"Wanna have my uh... this?"

Julia: it's diced gar and cream, it's a dessert. you can have it, I'm fine

"I don't think I like how it looks..."

Julia: No! That's rude to the chef! Besides, you haven't tasted it yet!

"sorry"

I thought I got a good topic but it backfired, mostly because I was careless Julia talked to me like a toddler again.

Now knowing what it was I was more confident to taste the thing. And she was right, it's delicious. I have worry with dairy products since there's no fridge here, but it turns out okay. The cream is... well creamy but gar is what makes it very delicious. It have chewy texture and fruity scent like a gummy. I ended up shoving the whole thing down in seconds

"Hmm! It's delicious!"

Julia: see?

Julia then speak to me with the most smug face I've seen her do, She looks cute. Then I see some of the cream left on the corner of her mouth

"You have a little on your mouth..."

I reach my hand out and wipe the cream from her mouth with my thumb then proceeded to lick it out of habit.

Julia: thanks~

I thought I messed up and make her embarrassed, but turns out everything is okay. She was happy to be cleaned and fine with food not being wasted.

We have the rest of the dinner together while talking about my sister. When we're done I turn to ask Julia of what to do next

"should we go?"

Julia: to sleep? Probably...

"Let's go then"

Julia: Nods

With the affirmation we get up and head to the stairs closest to our room. When we leave I see the waitress quickly clean up the table as we leave.

Me and Julia walk to the second ant to our respective room. Julia turn her head to me and smile

Julia: goodnight, Alex

"goodnight, Julia"

That was captivating

I grip my chest from her cuteness. Then I sigh, I should probably go to sleep...

I go to lay on my bed, watching to ceiling until I was able to sleep. Before I dose off I blow out the candle with my magic.

END

*013*2024-11-01 13:47

Chapter 11: road trip

I wake up in my room, refreshed. ready like I'm not just been dosing off a few seconds ago, where my mind faded. I'm still not used to this sudden changes of mood but that kinda proves my point, it's the body that makes us go insane when we don't sleep. I think I can operate normally without my mind sleep since when I wake up at the side I feel as if I just wake up from a full sleep cause I did sleep in this side.

It's getting unnecessary complicated so I'll just say. Because I switch to a fully rested body when I sleep in the other side, I am not experiencing any fatigue.

Anyways, I get up and do what a gamer does, open their pc. Once it's on I boot up the RPG game and let my character go farm some XP before I go do anything else. Then it's just a normal morning routine brush my teeth, shower, dry myself, get clothed in my comfy t-shirt I bought a year ago or so and continue my XP farming.

It's just another relaxing weekend... at least until my little sister knock my door and presents herself with the most going out clothes I see her wear this month

It's a short black T-shirt with jeans short, pink socks, sun glasses and a white cap. Definitely the classiest outfit she wears recently

"Where are you going?"

Yuki: Grandma's house, don't you remember?

"Pffft, of course I do!"

Yuki: so... you're gonna go to your grandparents with that outfit?

"c'mon, what's wrong with this one?"

Yuki: you're wearing shorts...

"well, you're wearing even shorter one"

Yuki: I'm a girl...

"that's the point, it's like... too short and tight"

Yuki: yeah?

"I can see the wedge, change"

Yuki: wedge? Ah... ////// don't look...

She shy out and quickly cover her crotch, It's doesn't reveal so much like she's on panties but the shorts kinda tugs between what one would think was her pussy. And I don't want my little sister walk around with that wedge on her crotch so I called it out.

She also wearing that type of shirt where the collar is unnecessary wide revealing collar bones and her bra strap. And the fact that she's wearing pink frilly one is making it worst. I don't think she knows she shouldn't show off that type of bra...

"also, I can see your bra. if you insist to wear this shirt, wear a sports bra or something"

Yuki: I'll wear a sports bra...

"where have you been getting this sense of fashion anyway?"

Yuki: my friends?

"next time be more careful, don't clothes too revealing"

Yuki: it's not like I'm gonna get-

"I just don't like you wearing revealing outfits, brother instinct"

Yuki: fine...

"Good, I'll treat you something sweet"

Yuki: promised? 😄

"if it's not too expensive..."

Yuki: 😠

"Just kidding, just kidding. I promise"

Yuki: smiles

Then Yuki step out of my room and closes the door, I go to my computer and prepare for the trip. After I got my character into the safe zone, logged out and shut my PC. Then I changed my outfit to look less effortless

I checked if I forget something and I don't think I do so I came downstairs to mom dad and Yuki. Then we go to the garage and get on dad's car.

I put on my headphones and On the road we go~

When we got to the main road dad make a stop at a gas station

Yuki: papa, why the gas station?

Dad: mom and I need some coffee

"wdym? this is almost noon"

Mom: I gotta pack stuff for you kids since early morning, and momma feel so sleeepy~

Dad: You heard her, we're getting coffee

Dad park the car in the gas station then went to get some coffee with mom. Since Both Me and Yuki don't prefer coffee(at least this late), I asked if I could take her to café instead and well, they said yes so I take her to the place near where my parents go get their coffee.

The reason I take Yuki here is that there isn't a single thing that isn't coffee there, they have amazing coffee I give them that. But as far as I know Yuki doesn't like coffee so I bring her here where there're lots of drinks and desserts.

I swear I saw a twikle in her eyes as soon as she sees the sweets on the glass display. Then she drags me to the counter

Yuki: Nii, I want this~

She pointed to a piece of chocolate cake in the display

"Sure, anything else?"

Yuki: really? Then I'll have the strawberry one, and cupcakes, and brownies, and~

She proceeded to list the entire menu

"I'm starting to think you gonna get diabetes..."

Yuki: I'll have just the brownies...

"It's fine, just please don't eat it all in one go"

Yuki: mouu, My little stomach can only fit so much~

I pinch her cheeks

"You ate 4 puddings in one go last Tuesday, you little pudding thief~"

Yuki: Awahwah, I'm just hungry~!

After I paid $27.50 for all the sweets she wants, the cashier box it and put it in a plastic bag for us. When she finishes packing all them sweets I see a mountain of pink boxes in a plastic bag

Yuki: Ah~ Is this the joy of dragon on the pile of gold~

"You know, the pile of gold won't carry itself to the car"

Yuki: well, I can count on you right? Onii~chan~

"cringe, carry it yourself"

Yuki: C'mon~ Help your little sister!

"I got you the sweets, the rest is your problem"

Yuki: I can't possibly carry all this!

"Deal with it"

Yuki: Nii, I'm sorry~ I won't be greedy again~ help~

Sigh

"fine"

Yuki: love you too, muah~♡

"you-"

Sigh

Yuki giggles at me as I try to carry the boxes. She took 3 of them and carry it out the café with grinning face

I took the bags and split them by weight. I carry it with both my hand and walk to the car. at start I carry it normally, but after a while my hands get tired so I use levitation to make these bags weightless

Mom: Oh my, is this all Yuki's?

"hah, you guessed it"

Mom: so where is she?

"she's carrying another 3 box of 'em sweets"

Mom: there's more? Where'd she get all this money?

"it's my treat, that's why I'm carrying 10 boxes"

Mom: Ahhhh~ so that's why. Your papa is in the bathroom, you two make sure to empty your bladders for the trip 'kay?

"sure ma"

Yuki: hai~ mama

I went to the bathroom with yuki and we separate at the front, each going to our respective genders' bathroom.

I took a quick piss, wash my hands and that's all. I come out waiting on a nearby bench, It took her a minute or so to come out. And when she approached me with a wet hand I knew it

Splash

"Oi! don't splash your piss at me"

Yuki: that's not my pee ////

"joking joking"

I splash water magic on her face

Yuki: ah! Mmpfah what?

"you mess with the wrong wizard little girl"

Yuki: hahah just wait until I got my hand on a water bottle

We laughed and walk to the car

Mom: C'mon, on the car.

Us: Yes mom~

Dad: I've heard from your mom, but you two are really packing those sweet. Where'd you got that much money from Alex?

"Oh, I've been doing part time job. But since you guys all come home much later than me you probably didn't notice"

Yuki: I came home to see you on your pc everyday you couldn't possibly-

I pulled out a hand full of $20 bills I've been saving for a new game

"Huhu"

Yuki: Woah, I... I take that back

Mom: wow, I'm impressed

Dad: What? You start selling drugs now?

"How'd you know?"

Dad: Hah! Nagisa, we've got ourselves a drug dealer son, should we call you Jesse now?

"Nah, I like my name"

Mom: you didn't actually sell those stuff right?

"of course, I'm actually working at a café near my university"

Yuki: really? That means you can give me free treats right?

"I'm a waiter not the owner, but sure I'll treat you some if you managed to find where I'm working"

Yuki: ohhhh~ I like this game already

No I haven't got a partime job, that's just the money I saved up. WelI, I think it's a good time for me to find a job then. I'd rather be working than to disappoint my little sister.

Mom: wait, if you have this much money it means you're saving for something right? Doesn't buy all these sweet trouble you?

"Actually, Not at all. If I didn't buy for her, this little gremlin is gonna raid my stuff in the fridge anyway"

Yuki: T- that's ...not true!

Yuki looks both embarrassed and offended at the same time.

"yesterday at 2 pm, you snuck two piece of brownies at the 2nd shelf from the top of the fridge"

Yuki: wah!? How could you possibly- wait... I only took one!

"That doesn't help you with this argument one bit"

Yuki: I fell right into the trap...

Mom: so who eats the other one?

Dad: me, got hungry in the middle of the night so I took a piece

"like father like daughter huh?"

We all laughed, joking about every bit of day to day life we wanna share, that's how our family are so close together despite not quite being on the same schedule.

When we're done sharing our stories mom and dad go back to focus on driving and we kids pull out our phone and scroll on social media like little Gen z we are

Then I put my phone down

While resting my eyes from my phone I was on almost the whole ride My eyes stumbled apon my little sister

Yuki have been sitting very quietly for quite a while now, her eye brows are pushing together, her eyes narrow and her lips pursing together. Overall she looks distressed, I tried to find the car sickness pill for her. But then I remembered none of our family have car sickness, including Yuki.

And then I have a light bulb moment.

I turn on my x-ray vision, looking at her lower stomach from the side. And there it is, her bladder filled with clear pee. Probably from the buble tea and soda she drank earlier. The muscle wall of her bladder is stretched because she probably has been holding it in since she stopped talking, i guess that's where she it feels the desperation.

Yuki's bladder is not a small one, but I'm sure it's close to its limit. I think she's embarrassed to say she have to pee despite using the toilet just a few minutes ago

Though I'm sure they're some room left in there, her bladder would explode way before we reach grandma house so I gotta help

"Ma! Yuki have to pee!"

Yuki: I-I don't!

Mom: Honey, you don't have to be shy~ we're families

Dad: I told you not to drink so much

Yuki: It's- It's just that I... I was watching the sceneries!

"we're on the high way, what are you saying?"

Yuki: gulp we're on... highway?

"Why? You already can't wait?"

Yuki: blush ...dad... how long until the next stop?

Dad: we're going straight to worthwood with this high way...

Yuki: how far is that?

"an hour I guess"

Yuki: Oh...

Yuki look down, disappointed. Her bladder looks filled, it's not just full of pee but it's significantly stretched also. Her full bladder is getting bigger and bigger every second I look at it. honestly, at this rate I don't think she'd make it to worthwood, not even halfway there.

Not a minute after, her bladder become around 10% bigger. Yuki start shuffling her legs and look around desperately, probably her body's little emergency protocol when there's a little too much pee in her belly. She looks for a way to relieve herself, knowing there's not but she's still urge to do it by the overwhelming desire to release her pent up waste.

"So you do have to pee right?"

Yuki: Nods

"you have to pee right?"

Yuki: Mama! Alex tease me again!

Mom: Don't poke on ladies, Alex. we all know Yuki is bursting. Darling, would you mind finding a stop for our daughter?

Dad: I have no problem, but the nearest exit is 30 minutes away. You can do this Sweetheart!

At that moment I see my little sister's face lost its color. Yuki's bladder is starting to become bloated with her diluted pee, the result of the liquid she intake. I think she's feeling hopeless already having to pee very badly and she still need to wait 30 more minutes

"Is 30 minutes is too much?"

Yuki: I can hold it...

With no trace of confidence, Yuki still trying to act like it's not a big deal. her body though, twitching around the full bladder, trying to find a more comfortable pose to sit in

Yuki: Dad~ how long until the exit now?

Dad: about 25 minutes honey!

Yuki: 25?! Uuuuuu~ I have to pee so bad...

Her bladder is stretched tight, I don't know how long she can hold on but it's gotta be less than how much it takes to the exit

Yuki: Dad... How long until the exit?

Dad: still 25 minutes honey!

Yuki: Ehhh!? But!

Mom: Yuki, Are you okay?

"I have a bottle"

Yuki: 兄ちゃんバカ！ボトルはダメ！

"Mom?"

Mom: she said she can't use a bottle. Alex, you can't just tell a girl to pee in a bottle~ she'll be embarrassed

"but she looks like she's going to wet herself"

Yuki: I... can... hold... it...

"see?"

Mom: maybe I still have the plastic bag from yesterday here... uh... where was it?

Dad: if you mean the blue plastic bag from the convenient store I already throw that into the bin at home

Mom: Why did you fo that? What if we need that thing? Like this!

Dad: We have cloth bag and I didn't think our daughter would be needing to pee in on the highway!

"Mom, Dad, Stop. even if we have a bag, Yuki would still refuse to use it"

Mom: Umm, that's true

Dad: She's the shy one after all

After a while of keeping everything inside her body, Yuki starts spacing out and hold the crotch tight. Her bladder is holding way more liquid that it is build for and now it's effecting her mind, I tapped her shoulder to bring some sense back

"膀胱大丈夫?" 「your bladder's okay?」

Yuki: !?

Yuki despite having to pee really bad she still manage to be surprised that my Japanese vocabulary includes a word for bladder

Yuki: だっ大丈夫... 「I- it's okay...」

"本当に?" 「Really?」

Yuki: 本当、何で?「Really, why?」

"いや、ボテしてるでしょ?"「well, the thing's kinda bulging out」

Yuki: えーと、これは... 「ummm this is...」

"太ってた? www" 「did you gain weight? Lol」

Yuki: Hey, I'm not gaining weight!

"I'm just joking hahaha"

Mom: that's not nice, Alex

"sorry Yuki..."

Yuki held her puffed cheeks for a while, but at last she couldn't help but giggled

"Did you feel better?"

Yuki: a little... but it would be much better if I can use the bathroom

Dad: on scale of one to ten, how bad do you want to pee?

Yuki: 9? Maybe 10...

Mom: let's put it this way, how close are you to peeing?

Yuki: I think 8...

"no, that's too low"

Yuki: Eh!? H-how did you know?

"You're sweating too much"

Yuki: honestly... I think I can't wait anymore

"keep it in, I know you can do this"

After a few moments of sigh and cute noises, her bladder spasmed. It probably starting to overstretched so it's trying to stop her from holding in her pee.

Yuki visibly change her posture from sitting up straight to curling in front of her, it doesn't help her bladder from the pressure one bit and seems to make it worse by crushing her weight into the dome of her bladder but i guess it's more comfortable somehow or it's just an instinct

Yuki's bladder keep squeezing her urine into the urethra trying to make her pee. She feels the intense to let her bladder contents out but due to pressure from everyone she still hold on, keeping her sphincter shut

Yuki: Uuuu~ Dad... How long until the exit?

Dad: 20 minutes I guess, There's some traffic

Yuki: my bladder hurts...

"hey, are you okay? You look like you're very stressed"

Yuki: I need to pee so bad but I gotta hold it... my bladder is aching...

"Fighting, my sister"

Yuki: uuu~

I think Yuki's bladder wasn't happy about her refusing to pee even after her urethra been flooded, it starts to squeeze even harder. With her mind on the verge of giving up and the pressure pushing against her sphincter

Yuki: Dad... c-can we park for a while?

Dad: we're on the highway honey, I can't park.

Mom: Yuki, are you okay?

Yuki: Mama, I want to pee really bad... I can't take it anymore...

"Don't pee yourself Yuki, please"

Yuki: I know... Uuuu~ but it's aching so bad

Her bladder keep expanding bigger and bigger it's look like it's really gonna pop, I'm starting to feel as restless a Yuki herself seeing that giant ballon stretched.

Yuki: please... my bladder is gonna explode...

"wait a sec, I'll find something for you to pee in"

Yuki: sorry... I can't hold it anymore...

Dad: HAAAALT! Yuki, my girl, you can do this. Don't pee in my car

Yuki: haahngh I... I can't

Dad: Alex will find something for you, so please hold on

Mom: But she look so desperate, I don't want her bladder to burst

Yuki: hnghhh sniff Alex.. sniff did you find something yet? Sniff

"hold on, I think I found something"

Ratles Ratles

Yuki: it's coming out!

I take all the dessert box out from the bag and quickly hand the empty plastic bag to Yuki. When I look at her, Yuki is bottom naked. Understandably because with that much in her bladder if she were to take it off later it's either wet herself or let her bladder explode

Yuki: quick! Look away!

"Ok"

She doesn't have nearly enough time to get the bag into the position, her pee is already leaking out by the time she grab the bag from my hand. I turn my head away and didn't bother to peek. I'd say she was peeing for far too long for it to be healthy.

After the sound of her pee quiet down to a trikle then a drop then stops mom give her a pack of tissue I guess. Then Yuki start wiping. After tidying up I heard a zipper so I turn around.

I secretly help her by taking the pee in the seat and teleport it in the huge bag filled with her pee. It was a solid ~800 ml in that bag, no wonder she bouncing that much before to relief

"That's a lot"

Yuki: Don't look at it!

Mom: you finished?

Yuki: umph

Dad: then we don't need to stop right?

"well, if you okay with the smell. I don't have a problem"

Dad: if we go out next exit it's gonna take a while until we're on track

"then don't, we can dump it into the toilet somewhere later"

Mom: Mommy still remember when changing little Yuki's diaper~

Yuki: ///// please forget that /////

It get awkward quickly having dangling bag full of your sister's pale yellow urine

"you sure got a lot of pee pent up huh"

I poked the bag filled with Yuki's pee, it jiggle a little as I stuff my hand into it and It's still warm

Yuki: Nii! don't poke on it!

"how did you manages to fit all this in your bladder?"

Yuki: I don't know! Everyone keep telling me to hold it so I held it in!

Dad: sorry, I really don't want your pee on the seat, it's really hard to clean up

Mom: where did you find this bag anyway? I thought you father clean it all up

"the secret money sack"

Dad: heyyo!? I have no such things

"I'm just joking, it's the sweets' bag. I totally forgot it existed before Yuki start to leak in her pants"

Yuki: I didn't leak any!

I pat on her crotch where her pee probably comes out and I'm not surprised it's soaked

"this is surely wet"

Yuki: Yanh!? /////

Mom: Alex! Don't touch her like that

"I'm just checking~ she's wearing pants and all, it's not like I touch her p- I'll stop"

Yuki: this is so embarrassing...

"next time you don't need to wait until you're very desperate to tell"

Yuki: but saying I need to pee is so embarrassing...

"C'mon, don't act like we don't see each other using the bathroom"

Yuki: just watching me go into the bathroom isn't the same as watch me pee >~<

Well, I can see through wall... not that I watch her pee but it's kinda the same if I'm able to watch

"Ahem, the point I'm trying to make is you don't need to be embarrassed when it's us"

Yuki: But!

"what's make you try so hard to go against peeing in front of your own family?"

Yuki: you make fun of me all the time! You would bring it up every time we talk and laugh at me...

"okay, but that's what we do all the time"

Yuki: What? So if you do it every time it's became normal and justified?

"I'm not saying you shouldn't be mad, but I'm saying you shouldn't be worry"

Yuki: ?

"We keep the jokes inside the family, the only one know is us. I'm not gonna bring this up in public or to your friends"

Yuki: ...

"I know you're afraid but I won't just ruin your life over a laughter. So be honest with us okay?"

Yuki: Nods

Mom&Dad: Nice job, Alex

Yuki: Don't tell grandpa and grandma... okay?

"Yup, I won't"

Yuki: Mama, when until the the stop?

Mom: around 20 minutes and we'll be out this highway sweetie, what make you ask?

Dad: don't tell me you need to pee again...

Yuki: ...kinda... but that's not the point, I feel kinda embarrassed about the smell and everything... my pants also wet and uncomfortable...

"don't worry, ya' pee doesn't smell that bad"

Yuki: what does that even suppose to mean? //////_

Mom: there's a change in the back, I bring 2 spares for you. If you want to

Yuki: ahh, it's fine. Nii-chan still sitting here after all...

"I'll look away, it'll get itchy if you don't change"

Yuki: itchy? ///// still, I'm kinda shy...

"I've seen it already, just go. Here's a tissue"

Yuki: but- Ehhh!? W-What do you mean you seen it already!?////

Mom: Alex?

"I'm not peeking 'kay? When I came up with the bag you were bottom naked"

Yuki: I need to take it off because I'm gonna wet myself!!

"We've seen each other naked all the time, it's not so bad right?"

Yuki: the last time I'm willingly let you see is when I'm still 12!

"yeah, but... okay I'm sorry aright? I'm just gonna turn away and let you change"

Yuki: ...

"Okay fine, hit me until you feel better"

Yuki: ...a- are you sure?

"what? It make you feel less embarrassing right?"

Yuki: but it's been a while...

"C'mon, I've had worst, I'm kinda missing it too"

Yuki: you pervert! Ngggh! Yah! Yah! Yah!

Yuki repeatedly hit me with her fists, I can tell she didn't put any significant force into them. She would often punch me like this when I bring up too-lewd-jokes and get her flustered

Couple of punch later she stopped

"better?"

Yuki: yeah...

"will you change now?"

Yuki: okay... I'll change. Don't peek, okay?

"I won't"

Yuki: promise?

"pinky promise"

Yuki: liars pants on fire, okay?

"I'll set myself on fire"

Mom: please don't be absurd. Yuki, change already. Alex, I'll be very disappointed if you peek

"Sure ma"

I hear Yuki unbutton her pants, slide it off, a sound of her panties string slab back on her thigh because it slipped out of her grip, sound the seat when she change her posture to take off her panties, the sound of the tissue box and the sound of the tissue sliding between her pussy to dry off any pee left

Then I heard Yuki putting on new pairs of panties and pants. When she told me she's done I look at her and the new pants was a blue long one

It look good, kinda lean into cool side more than sexy now

Around 20 minutes later, as soon as we got out of highway and arrived at worthwood. Dad finds a gas station to stop by to take care of Yuki's piss

Dad: we're about to stop at a gas station, get ready.

Yuki: hurry hurry, I have to pee

"you really had too much tea huh"

Mom: well, Mama's gonna pee herself too. hurry up, papa

Dad: Alex, you gonna tell me you gotta piss too?

"I'm good, don't have no tea or small bladder"

Mom: hey!

I'm kinda curious but I'd rather not use the x-ray on my mom

After a while not enough to make my mom nor sister wet themselves, we arrive at the gas station

Mom: Mommy gonna go to the bathroom, okay?

Yuki: I'll go too, I'll go too! Ah, Ow!

She banged her head against the ceiling...

Yuki quickly move to the door and when she about to open it, she sees the plastic bag filled with her slightly yellow pee she just expelled half an hour ago

She look at the bathroom and then back at me with a blush on her face

Yuki: Nii... can you... take care this for me?

She hold the urine filled bag and hands it to me

"It's your own piss, you dump it"

Yuki: it's... kinda embarrassing holding this in the queue...

"what about me!?"

Yuki: men's bathroom don't have much people... does it?

"I don't wanna..."

Yuki: please I'm gonna wet my pants again if you don't hurry!

"hold it for 30 more seconds and I'll go"

Yuki: that's... But I really need to pee!

Dad: don't tease you little sister, come on just help her

"I'm trying to teach her I won't just do anything for free"

Dad: For free? What does making Yuki hold her pee for longer gets you?

"I'm just want her to do something for it"

Dad: you just risking her pee her pants

Yuki: Okay okay, I'll hold it. Stop arguing!

Dad: sigh whatever

"starting from now"

When I started Yuki stands up straight, trying to hold it but after 12 she grabs her crotch and crouch down. Seeing her bladder bloating like that I don't have to guess she's gonna pee herself anytime soon. Luckily I already shut off her urethra by pinching it with magic so her panties is still dry.

When I got back my senses it's already 30 seconds

Yuki: so, you are really going to...

"yep"

Yuki: Thanks!

She runs off to the bathroom with hands between her crotch

Yuki: Bathroom~~~！

I picked up the bag... it's kinda heavy when I'm grabbing it with my index finger. I have an evil idea of shoving all this piss back into her bladder but I figured I should do that later since she already experienced enough pee desperation today.

I take the bag to the bathroom. Luckily, like Yuki said, there's no one except some in the stall. I take the opportunity and go dump the thing into the urinal at the back. I don't mind some pee on my hands since I'm gonna wash it anyway when I'm done, so I just untie the knot and turn it upside down.

I just remembered some urinal have a hard time letting pee flow in so I slow down, Fortunately this one was clean enough so it didn't spill.

When I'm done. Firstly, I use magic to run water through the bag and my hands before washing them again at the sink. Why? I don't like turning the faucet on with dirty hand and I don't want anyone walk by to see me holding an emptied piss bag

I don't bother peeking at Yuki because I'm not that interested, plus there're other woman in there too including my mom. So I just return to the car

Dad: why bringing the bag?

"who knows Yuki is not gonna have to use it again?"

Dad: good point, convenient store?

"won't you wait for the girls?"

Dad: heh, yo Mama's not a girl no more.

"she's gonna be furious if she heard that, haha. just like Yuki if we go to the konbini(shortened from convenient store) without her"

Dad: She already got dozen box of sweet for her own

"Her crave for sugar is insatiable"

Dad: haha, you know? your mama used to like sweets too, well...she still is but not like the old days.

"can guess, but how bad was it?"

Dad: at your uncle wedding a long time ago, she took a table full of dessert for her own

"At a wedding? Lol"

Dad: and when she gain weight, she's gonna look as grumpy as your little sister on her period.

"so why is it that she suddenly stop eating eating except for some special occasion"

Dad: at this age, yo mama gon' get diabetes lol

"so the curse got pass down huh..."

"how was mom when she was younger?"

Dad: huh, ummm... all I remember is that she has a really big bouncy tits

I felt a powerful present behind me...

Mom: Why was my chest become a topic. huh?

Bonk

Dad: Ow! That's not nice! You could've given me a concussion

Mom: knock in off with this lewd talk with our son

Dad: but he asked it!

"am asking dad to tell me about you in the old days"

Mom: So out of thousands of memories you managed to tell our son about my boobs?

Dad: Yep, and I'm proud of it

"dang, he's a chad"

Mom just pounted, I'm sure she isn't angry but definitely embarrassed. I laughed then I heard a voice from behind me

Yuki: what are you guys doing?

"not much, mom and dad's flirting again"

Yuki: huhu~

Mom: I'm not flirting~!

"wanna grab some pudding?"

Yuki: you really have to ask? Let's go!

"anything you guys?"

Dad: could use some beers! Two, no three of 'em

Mom: you can't drink, You have to drive!

Dad: Alex

"no, I'm not driving"

Dad: TT

"Ok, let's go Yuki"

Yuki: lalala~ pudding~

"what cha wanna eat?"

Yuki: hehe, puddings

"no no, I mean the meals"

Yuki: I'll just have the sweets we bought?

"You can't, that's just pure carbohydrates!"

Yuki: isn't carbohydrates what gives your body energy? It should do the job

"what about other nutrients?"

Yuki: I wanna eat treats...

"you gotta have some meal... get some tacos or something I'll pay for it"

Yuki: euuuhhhh I don't wanna~

"C'mon, eating only sweets can't be healthy"

Yuki: I'll just all eat the sweets first then meal later...

"You gonna have a massive sugar crash and don't wanna eat anything..."

Yuki: fine...

"good girl"

Pat pat

Yuki: Don't treat me like a kid! >~<

"I'm treating you like my sister and you can't grown out of that"

Yuki: nggnhh... Hmph!

"so what are you going to eat"

Yuki: sandwich I guess.

"sure, let's go grab some"

We got to a sandwich place and go straight to the counter, there was no line so we got to order right away. But Yuki doesn't seem to like it that much because she is bad when dealing with pressure. She seem very hesitant to choose the filling.

I order the sidelights and vegetables for her while she's choosing for the main filling. Lastly she choose tunamayo

Waiter: it'll be $11.30

Umph, Not a bad price for a foot long sandwich

After I pay for the sandwich, I take the thing and hand I to Yuki, she look at me somewhat awkwardly

"what?"

Yuki: I can't finish all that...

"I'll eat the other half"

Yuki: but didn't you hate fish?

"I'm not allergic, if I can shove it in my mouth I can eat it"

Yuki: ahhh... I should have picked something else...

"It's fine~ don't mind about it. Let's go to the car, mama gonna be mad if we keep her waiting"

Yuki: umph, okay

End

There was supposed to be another part for this chapter but I keep having to bold the text all over everytime I turn off my pc I figured I cut it into 2 part

*017*2024-11-07 13:48

{{On 11/6/2024 at 6:40 AM, おやすみ said:

This is a great story so far, do you have plans to keep writing it?

}}

Yep, I have all kind of senario pop up in my head all the time.

*018*2024-11-17 05:26

Chapter 12: Grandma's house and hot spring hotel

Chomp

Yuki take a Bite off the sandwich, She make a pleasant sound as she eat the thing, It sound really good so it shouldn't be that bad I Guess.

So I take a bite off mine too

Urrgh-

I didn't mean to make that sound but as soon as I chewed into the tuna part I felt a slimy along with sand like textures. I know it's just turn in mayonnaise but I can't stop myself from making sound like I wanna throw up

Yuki: Nii, You okay?

I force the sandwich down my throat and reply to her real quick

Cough

"I am, I think... I guess"

Mom: you don't sound so good, do you have car sickness?

"no, I've never had one"

Mom: maybe it's because you usually don't edonbefore the ride?

"I'm just choking on the sandwich, that's all"

Mom: My, have some water, here

She handed me a bottle of water

"thanks"

Yuki: you sure it's really just choking?

"I'm fine, Yuki. I can eat it"

Urg-

I managed to hold my mouth shut before any of the sandwich bits come out

Mom: You really don't sound very good Alex. You should stop eating that sandwich...

Yuki: Nii-chan, I'm sorry. I'll eat it, I'll eat it. Stop forcing it in

Mom: really, what's the matter? Yuki, what's in the sandwich

Yuki: tunamayo...

Mom: Tuna- your brother doesn't eat fish does he?

Yuki: when I ordered I didn't think it would be that big... Nii-chan tell me he'll have half...

"I don't really got anything thing else to eat"

Mom: you bought only the sandwich?

"I thought I could eat it..."

Yuki: You can have the sweets, it's your money right? I'll eat the sandwich. Please stop eating it.

"meh, I'll pass on the sweets. I need to get used to fish or I'll never be able to eat it"

Yuki: But-

"I know my limits sis. If I can't eat it I'll stop"

Mom: Don't push yourself too hard okay?

"I won't"

Dad: he will

"Dad~ just let me act cool~"

With Yuki periodically glancing over, I slowly nibble on the sandwich and cope. Apologies to fish lovers but having this thing in my mouth feels like I'm chewing on sand, I'm gonna cry. I have learned about acquired taste but I don't think I can like this... I'll try though

After a few more bite and half an hour later I get used to getting it down my throat but At some point it stop getting better, the thing still feels like sand but it's kinda edible now. In the other side I may need to survive off fish someday so I gotta prepare for that

When I finished the sandwich. Yuki that have been looking at me with concern for a while now break the silence

Yuki: are you okay?

"yeah, take me some time but I don't think I'm going to throw up anymore"

Dad: when I think about it, can't Alex just give the fish to Yuki and eat just the other fillings?

"Yep, I'm just stubborn"

Dad: thanks for 20 minutes of your choking sound then

"sry"

After the hell's gone I look outside the window cause my phone battery is low. We're going through some kind of field with trees once in a while.

Yuki: Papa, I think I need to pee...

Dad: just a few minutes we'll be at Grandma's house, can you wait a little?

Yuki: ah umph, I'm okay

I think she really did have too much water, it's 3 times already... I don't feel like having her holding it so I occasionally teleport her pee out the window when she's about to leak

A few kilometers of field later we arrived at grandma's house. It's in a village in the middle of a field, very natural. When we're about to enter the village, I pull a lot of pee out since I won't be able to do it after this and hope Yuki makes it to the bathroom in time

When we're in front of the house, I get out of the car, ring the door bell and wait for grand ma to answer the door. She open the door and put on her glasses before coming out to unlock the gate for our car to go in

I open the gate, let the car in and close it before going back to my family.

Grandma: Ah! Jhonny, bring your family to visit mama? Come, come

"Pssh, Johnny"

Yuki: papa Johnny, hehe~

Dad: my name is Jonathan...

No one cares and we go in as grandma gesture into the house

Granma: Welcome, welcome. Nagisa and kids

"Dad, did you eat the sugar ?"

Dad: hahhh, Stop with the jokes. You kids giggles everytime we're here

Mom: ma~ma~ darling~ you need to let the kids be kids

Dad: Honey, Alex is in university and Yuki is about to graduate high school, they need to stop laughing over these jokes

Mom: you know age can't take away their fun~

Okay, we're all against Dad lol. Anyway we walk to the dining room and sit around the table. Yuki, however didn't sit. She's been fidgeting for a while now and we know what's she been up to since in the car.

Yuki: grandma, I need to use the toilet... may I?

Grandma: sure thing sweetie, it's at the end of the hallway over to the right if you don't remember~

Yuki calmly walk off before we hear her running in the hallway as soon as she's out the room

"grandma, got some cookies?"

Grandma: ah, sure thing Alex

She reach into the food cabinet, I'm sure she can reach it but it's so high up it couldn't be good for her back

"no need, I can get it myself"

Grandma: I'm still able to help myself, I'm not that old am I?

"Thanks grandma"

Dad: we're just here and you ask for cookies already?

"What? Yuki would've asked it anyway. Gotta secure some pieces before the girl come"

Dad&Mom: fair

After a little less than 5 minutes Yuki come back, she was blushing a little but as soon as she sees the cookies jar. I- We know all of them was now hers

I hand the cookie jar to her, shame I only have one...

Yuki: Sorry for the wait ><

Grandma: come sit, near me

Yuki: umph, grandma

Yuki sit at the chair next to grandma and she start playing with Yuki's hair

Grandma: grew a bit huh, kids?

"It's just barely a month since our last visit, so couldn't be that much"

Grandma: Yuki change shampoo?

Yuki: Yah~ grandma remember my shampoo~!

Grandma: gotta train for when alzheimer kicks in

Dad: ma, that's a concerning topic to bring up!

Grandma: is it? I'm not that afraid, I gotta meet my husband one day.

"why is this getting dramatic?"

Grandma: sikes, I'll be kicking till I'm 200 baby

Dad: Hah, just your grandma

Yuki: do concerning jokes runs in family?

Mom: your daddy told me he has terminal heart illness one day?

"terminally for you?"

Mom: Wow, Alex you got it right~

"that's not even a 50 cents jokes, Dad you own me money"

Dad: C'mon, that's not half bad~

Yuki: Don't look at me, I'm siding with Nii-chan

Dad: TT

We keep bullying Dad for a while then the topic changes to day to day life and what happens between visit. I didn't tell grandma about Yuki's accident since she ask me too but I'm forced to tell her I have a job now...

Look like I really have to find the job

The topic came around to who's taking care of grandma. Turn out that since aunt Daisy go to lives with her new husband grandma is living with nobody

"Wait, Grandma lives alone?"

Grandma: no, no. I have my kids and grandkids visiting me all the time. Also I got Susan next door to talk with and Richard and other neighbors.

"If you say so"

Grandma: will you and family stay the nights?

Dad: No need ma, Nagisa and I will take the kids to a trip

Grandma: have a great travel then

"what trip?"

Mom: haven't Yuki told you yet?

Yuki: we're going to onsen~ (hot spring)

"What? Is there any around here?"

Mom: there's a hotel newly open just a few hours from here. We'll stay the night and go home tomorrow evening.

Yuki: ahh, onsen~ I always wanna go to one~

So we said goodbye to grandma and get back on the car

Once on the car I called Matthew to ask him if he could take care of my game dailies for me and he's fine as long as I can do that for him too, should the time comes(Yes we have each other account).

My worries are gone now so I'll just look forward to the trip

Yuki probably heard what we've been talking about but she just ignored our noises. My phone I basically on life support so I have to put it down. I've had an idea about charging it with magic but I'd rather not mess with this complicated circuit.

Yuki pulled out her tablet to draw, I don't know if she's just bored of Instagram or ran low on phone battery. It's impressive how she still managed to draw even on the road since Dad's car doesn't have an impressive suppression.

Finally we're at the hotel. After Dad park the car we go into the hotel and I fell into the state of awe. The decorations is very impressive. it's a Japan style hotel no wonder there's hot spring bath here.

"Dad, how much is this?"

Dad: hey, don't underestimate my salary. I can afford a trip!

"If it wasn't for Yuki's daily treats, mine would've afford this too"

Yuki: Nee~~ I don't eat that much!

"You're right, you devour"

Yuki: Nee~!

"joking joking"

Yuki: hmph!

While Dad talk with the counter I and Yuki goes around to explore stuff around the lobby with mom occasionally glance over us from where she is. I found a fly paper about the hotel and get a bit disappointed when I found out the hotsprings are artificial but it's still exciting to try it out.

When dad is done with the stuff at the counter he call for me and Yuki, then lead us to the room. Looking at the decorations I expected it to be full Japanese style room but when we got into the room there's a bed, bed table, closet and what you'd expect from a western hotel. Which is kinda disappointing but understandable since not many people here would enjoy sleeping on a futon(mattress) on the floor.

Our room are divided into two sections by a thin wall with a lockable door just like in Japanese traditional housing. Dad told me we'll be sleeping separately from mom and Yuki. Then there's like a garden outside with the hot tub we're looking for.

The door separating the room have to be shut shortly after sice the girls wanna change. I pretty much just change my t-shirt to another t-shirt and call it done my dad didn't even bother changing. Yep boys in this family are mood ruiner.

After unpacking all the stuff lying on the floor dad just left for absolutely no explanation and left me doing nothing in the room. Since my phone is charging, I got so bored I might have just started counting sheep out of nowhere

At the 336th sheep or whatever I was counting when I got tired of sheep there was a double knock on the front door, then Yuki came through the front door whith Japanese style clothes, what was it? Kimono? ...Nah I don't know but she's really pretty. She might have just put on a little blush or was it her literally blushing I can't tell

"Hey Yuki, nice outfit"

Yuki:Thanks, mama teach me how to put in on

"got something under there? Y'know underwear"

Yuki: //// of course I'd wear it. It's not a law to be bottomless in yukata, why did you even ask? ////

"just wanted to know how cautious do I have to be... when I do this!"

Tickles

Yuki: Wah!? Ahaha haha ah uwahaha stop! Stop- ahaha ah haha hahhhh haah

"Hah, you fall right into my trap"

Yuki: haha~ wait, the obi-

Yuki's clothes fall down to the floor, Leaving her with only underwear. She quickly hug her chest and put a hand in front of her crotch and look at me blushing with angry expression on her face

"fuh~ cute panties"

Yuki: forget it! forget it!! forget it!!! ////

"ow ow ow! Stop! argh ow!"

Yuki: ...turn away

"Hmm... I'm kinda curious how do you put it back on"

Yuki: it's embarrassing~!

"C'mon"

Yuki: fine... but remember, I can see where you looking at, if you look anywhere weird I'm gonna tell mom...

I have little to no sexual interest towards my sister's body so I just follow her hand movements as she put her yukata back on, apparently it was pretty easy since the thing was hold together by the ribbon thingy called obi. As she put the clothes on her body I get a little curious and try experiment with her, I tried look at her thighs then at her face. It's telling "do you think this is funny?" So I gave her an apology Nods and come back look at her hands

When she's done she pouts, I said sorry and she stick out her tongue. I can tell she knows that the peek was an experiment and she don't like it, though she smiles after then come to sit with me. Then mom unlock the door between our room and open it, making the room feels more spacious. Dad is with mom...

Mom: kids, the dinner

"Oh? They bring us the food?"

Yuki: woah

Dad: as much as I'd like to tell you it was a tradition. I ordered it

"You ordered me ...fish?"

Dad: it's like, on every menu Alex, just give it to your mom or your sister

With that I turn to the girl beside me

"would you like my raw fish?"

Yuki: I kinda don't like it... but sure, definitely better than you having it

Mom: give it to me, I like it

Yuki: I've watched a clip about dining tradition, isn't sharing kinda rude tho?

Mom: we're eating with just in family, it's completely fine. Beside you're pretty tame compare to at home

Yuki: eh? I'm just trying to not stain anything

I give mom all my fish and got some meat in return, the food was delicious. Mom was right Yuki is very lady like as she eats the meal she's sitting on her knees like mom and didn't spill anything yet. We guys tho sit like we normally do but mum doesn't say anything about it so we just keep sitting how we liked

Yuki: Nii, I dare you to eat a spoonful of wasabi

"what? Uhhh Nah"

Dad: no balls

"You haven't touched yours yet don't even talk bruh"

Yuki: heh, no balls

With that I put the wasabi in her mouth

Yuki: Uwaeh tuah tuah tuah prrrrrrt it's so spicy ahhh! my head hurts

Mom: eat that yourself too Alex

"...haah, yes mom...."

It was fine, actually... at least until I breathe. The paste destroy my olfactory nerves in a matter of seconds and sent me rolling on the floor. It wasn't fun

When I recovered from the agonizing state I was in mom and dad was at the door

Dad: mom and I are gonna go to something, don't destroy the earth while we're gone

Mom: darling!

"sure dad"

I go to sit on the bed. Yuki follow me and sit beside me. after a while she leaned to me so I grab her to put her on my lap. Without anything to do I start combing her hair with my fingers.

"your hair is so soft"

Yuki: why are you playing with my hair?

"I don't have anything to do tbh. Mom tell me I can't use my phone when it's charging"

Yuki: ~

Yuki seems to enjoy being in this state so I continue combing her hair, I squeeze it occasionally like I'm massaging her head, she didn't seems to mind so I just keep playing with her hair

Yuki: Nii, do you think my chest is small?

"what? um... well I haven't observed it that much but it's not that small I guess?"

Yuki: you think so?

"why suddenly?"

Yuki: not much, just kinda insecure... but I'm better now.

"is it about your friend? Did they made fun of you or something"

Yuki: no no, they just all seem to have bigger one...

"Hey, you're pretty. That gotta go into calculations"

Yuki: uwa? I'm flattered

"why'd you ask?"

Yuki: I'm told talking about insecurities is a good topic with guys

"that's a good thing to talk with your closest of friends... but a way to get blackmailed also, do be careful"

Yuki: really? I see...

"wanna go walk?"

Yuki: I wanna snoze~ the bed is sooo comfortable~

"sure"

I let her have the bed all by herself and take a walk outside. The outside I mean is the balcony, it's like a garden outside and a hot tub I see in the brochure. It's not legit hot spring but a mineral water in a hot tub. I think I'll take it since no one gonna.

I turn on the water by following the instructions on the side and while waiting for it to fill up I go take off my clothes in a basket neat the door to the bathroom inside. Then a breeze sends chills down my spine. It's already 8 pm and it's kinda cold so I quickly speed walking to the tub, rinse myself off with warm water magic and sit in it.

I thought I'm gonna freeze to death waiting for water to fill. Eventually it fills up to almost my shoulder when I'm sitting up right. I lean against the side, relaxed and enjoy myself in a bath of warm water.

Not knowing how long I've been in the tub I heard a sound walking behind me, it make my heart skipped a beat, I thought it's someone trying to use the bath since they don't know I'm using it.

But it stopped. Did I heard that right? Or I'm in the bath for too long I'm getting dizzy head? Then a breeze blow pass me...

The light was dim, there's nothing but a sound of wind occasionally pass by "This shit is scary" I thought to my self for a moment, my instinct is telling me something is going on. I ready myself to use magic as soon as the threat reveal itself

Yuki: Nii?

"What the fu- oh Yuki... wait what the-"

Yuki: pssh, you can't just surprise then oh then surprise again haha

"Why are you here?"

Yuki: daddy told me to take a bath

"Then I'll go take a walk or something you mind look away for a bit so I could get my towel?"

Yuki: no... don't

"the hell you mean!?"

Yuki: let's bath together... I'll scrub your back like when we're little

"Huh? Uhhhh... if you don't mind I guess..."

I look away for a little. I heard a splash as Yuki join me in the hot tub. when the water settled, I turn to her sitting leaning against the side of the tub, holding an arm over her chest and the other down in the water. I couldn't see well in this dimmed light so seeing anything under the water surface is out of the question.

I have nothing against bathing together, but I kinda wanna hear why she want to do it since she's the shy one

"What's gotten into you?"

Yuki: it's dark and kinda scary...

"Well... that's true, I was scared too when you're hiding behind that bush"

Yuki: I was embarrassed ////

"yea... that's the thing. Don't you think we're like, kinda too old to bath together?"

Yuki gets a bit quiet, I can't see her face we'll but I can tell she's blushing

"don't get me wrong, I don't hate it. just that are you comfortable?"

Yuki: I'm fine, just don't look to much over here

"I couldn't see anything accept your face, don't worry"

Yuki: why are you sitting like that?

"I know you can't see a thing either"

Yuki: yeah... I'll keep my posture though...

"Hey, about the back scrub... could you-"

Yuki: ah~ umph, I'll do it

"お願いします~" 「yes please」

Yuki: Oh?

"yep, I know this one"

I turn my back to her and lean on the side of the hot tub for her easy access to my back. She start by pressing hand on my shoulder then lower it down my spine and stop just right at the back my pelvic bone, she then start rubbing my back with ...just water since the sign said no shampoo or soap in the tub. She put more pressure into my back and start scrubbing

"That's so good~ it's like having a massage~"

Yuki: 背中硬いな... 「the back is kinda hard...」

"what?"

Yuki: you been sitting in front of you pc for so long your back is hard like a rock!

"Uwahhhh~ that's the spot~"

Yuki: are you even listening?

"hai, hai, mama"

Yuki: I'm not your mama! >~<

She was right, I've been sitting in front of my pc playing games for multiple hours a day. I feels like I'm slowly evolving into crustacean... Her skill is exceptional, she's hitting every spot aching... or was I aching everywhere I can't tell. But it's heavenly I'll say. 10/10 would let her massage me again

After a while she stop, understandably. I think she get bored or sore hand after massaging my back for some time, it's good while it last.

"thanks, how about you, Yuki?"

Yuki: eh? Me? Ah, it's okay. I don't have any back pain

"c'mon you won't know you liked it if you haven't try"

Yuki: ...sure ...just don't touch me somewhere weird...

"Hey~ what do you think of me? I won't"

Yuki: no... it's just embarrassing to just say okay...

"Okay, let me see your back then"

Yuki slowly face away and lean on the side of the hot tub, however ...she put her butt up against me and the position are very awkward...

"Uhm... you don't have to put your butt up, I can massage underwater too"

Yuki: Wah! Don't look!

"it's fine, I can't see ...well anything"

I don't make a deal about it and just start massaging her shoulder blades, then her middle back and to her waist, just like what she did to me I stop at her pelvic bone unlike me however, I feel her squish on the pelvic bone.

Yuki: haah~ uwoo! Ah ah nggnh~

"you feels good?"

Yuki: umph~ it's relaxing I might fall asleep

"please don't sleep I the tub..."

Yuki: ahh~

"if you don't mind me asking, you mentioned you have back pain during period right?"

Yuki: eh? Uhmm I guess ///// Ngghh~

"where was it?"

Yuki: it's kinda every where but if I have to pin point it's gotta be on my waist where I rub a lot when I'm massaging you

"here?"

Yuki: Uwahhhh~ that's the spot~ ow ow Uwooo ahhhh~

"it's that good?"

Yuki: I think I can understand why mama want us to massage her all the time

"me too, we're turning old huh"

Yuki: haha, you're gonna be walking with stick when you're a grandpa

"I don't think I'll be making it past 30 with my sleep schedule lol"

Yuki: Iya!

"woah, I'm sorry, didn't meant to hurt you"

Yuki: it's fine~

I keep rubbing her back, after a while she seems uncomfortable. I checked if I hurt her and *accidentally* found out her bladder's kinda full

I press on her waist and squeeze her bladder with magic

Yuki: Nii, can you stop a little? I think I have to pee...

"sure"

Yuki: c-can you come with me?

"huh? Im not gonna watch you pee"

Yuki: No~! I mean it's kinda scary, can you walk me to the door?

"Oh... nah, it's cold as hell"

Yuki: I'm not sure if hells are cold...

"bruh"

Yuki: you know what? I can hold it. Let's continue bathing

"Oi, don't try to pee in the tub"

Yuki: I'm not! I just don't have to pee that badly, that's all. And, and mama and papa gonna take bath after us too

"okay okay, just stay and keep your pee in"

She sits back into the tub, her bladder have some significant amount of pee in. Making me want to tease her. I didn't dare to put infection risky tub water in her bladder but instead multiply the pee already inside her bladder until it's full. When I put my finger in her back I can see her bladder tense up in response.

Yuki: 兄ちゃんやめて 「big brother, stop」

"why?"

Yuki: pushing my back like that make me want to pee more...

"just go pee then"

Yuki: I'm telling you to come together >~<

"it's rock floor designed to handle water Yuki, you could just go anywhere and there wouldn't be a problem"

Yuki: I wanna use the toilet~!

"Urgh fine"

Yuki: hurry up ><

"hey, I can't go out naked! I gotta find my towel!"

Yuki: it's gonna come out!

I put on my towel and walk out of the tub, the cold air don't have any mercy on me so I just heat up the air with my magic.

When we're about to get to the door I heard it open from tge inside

!

Yuki: Mom and dad are coming!

"do they know we're together?

Yuki: I don't think so...

"Mom gonna be mad if she found out we bathed together!"

Yuki: what do we do?

"Quick behind that bush!"

We grabbed our towels and jumped behind the bush, mom and dad came outside and they didn't seems to notice.

Yuki: I don't wanna see dad naked...

"I don't wanna see both"

Yuki: Uuuu... what do I do... I really have to pee...

"we just gotta wait until they're busy and sneak out"

Yuki: I don't think I can wait for long...

Her bladder was like a little inflated ballon I can tell she's struggling to hold her pee in but I tease her nonetheless. Nudging, poking, squeezing it. I fondle her bladder like a water filled balloon until it started to leak

Yuki: Nii... I'm at my limit

"we can sneak out now, just hold on a little more"

Yuki: I can't... it's leaking out

"Keep it in, just a bit then we'll be safe"

Yuki: Uuuu... i have to pee so bad...

SNAP

Yuki stepped on a stick like a scence straight out of cartoon. Making a sound we know Mom and dad can hear

Dad: who's there

Yuki: I... I can't take it anymore...

After letting her bladder bloat with pee for the sake of stealth, when we've been caught her bladder start spilling its contents out. She tried to keep it in but after a moment of struggles her pee burst out full force. We're in silence waiting for Yuki to finish her relief.

Mom: Yuki? ...Alex?

Dad: Alex?

"look, I've been here before Yuki, I'm not the pervert"

Yuki: I- I'm not either!

Mom: ...did you two do anything erotic?

"no we're just scrub... well massage each other back"

Yuki: and chat...

Mom: then... fine, Just because this is a special occasion. ...you two are grown up, don't do this anywhere else okay?

Us: Yes mom

Dad: can you two be somewhere else? Your mama and I are gonna have fun haha

Mom: papa! You can't say that to kids!

"We know"

Yuki: ...enjoy your night ...I guess ////

Yuki and I walk into the bathroom, She tell me to go ahead since she need to clean her pee soaked legs and use the toilet. Curious, I check her bladder. Turned out even After bursting in front of the family her bladder still quite filled since she stopped it from emptying as soon as she can

I grabbed my clothes and walk out

"I'll go to my room then"

Yuki: Umph

I pulled the charger out and grabed my phone to the bed and start watching random YouTube videos. Then there's a video call in the group chat, I joined to see what's going on

"Dude why are you calling?"

Joe: bro, hop on the game

Matthew: he's not home right now

"I'm at some hotel right now, obviously I can't bring my pc"

Joe: why are you keep being busy all the time?

"I don't know, my parents said we're going to grandma house but then we're here"

Joe: so you're with your family? Your sister?

"Dude stop trying to get my sister"

Matthew: yeah, he told me Yuki's a smash

"Bro?"

Joe: I didn't said shit, Matt made that up

"she's in highschool 💀"

Matthew: isn't she like... about to turn 19? Sound legal to me

"Yep her birthday is Feb 14th ...Wait what the fuck?"

Joe: lol

Matthew leaves the call

"💀"

Joe: he's gonna be back in a minute

Matthew: lol, you look terrified

"all of my friends try to fuck my sister..."

Joe: BTW you can still play mobile games right?

"yeah"

Joe: the hell you're waiting, hop on then

Matthew: dude, isn't he with the family

"my parents are getting freaky in the bath and Yuki's changing, don't see a problem"

Joe: can we peek at your sister

"bro?"

Matthew: just a little

"guys?"

Joe: joking joking

I turned off my cam and open the game, we keep playing for like an hour until I heard mom and dad coming inside the other room

"My parents are back gtg"

Matthew: goodnight

Joe: want a goodnight kiss? Muah-

I left the call as fast as I can...

Somtime later my dad was knoking on the door or I thought so.

It was Yuki, holding a couple bags. I quickly go help her put down since it look heavy

"why you here? thought mom and dad gonna separate us"

Yuki: Dad ask to switch with me...

"ah... We're going to hear thuding all night..."

Yuki: Wah... I guess They're still young enough to do it

"got your stuff?"

Yuki: Umhp I got my clothes, Toothbrush, Shampoo and ...personal stuff ////

"I'm not gonna ask but if you forgot something embarrassing it's not my fault"

Yuki: I won't blame you for that...

"Oh yeah, we have to sleep together since there's"only one bed, you fine with that?"

Yuki: I don't mind... just don't touch me weirdly when I'm asleep

"You're the one moving in bed..."

Yuki: hehe ////

I lay on the bed and move to one side so Yuki could sleep, she lay on the bed facing away from me.

"おやすみ" 「goodnight」

Yuki: goodnight~

END

*019*2025-01-22 17:03

Chapter 13: café, library, Blacksmith and adventurers guild

I start off with the usual. Wake up refreshed and my morning routine. Shower with my magic, wash my clothes and dry it off since I don't have any other one to wear yet and brush my teeth with apparently, a stick. It smells citrus like lime, orange or lemon. Julia and Anna told me it cleans your teeth

Then I get out my room. But before Julia comes out I need to check up on Ivy and Anna to see what they been up to. It's a total invasion of privacy but at this point who cares? I then turn on my x-ray vision and peek at them. Both of them were asleep. I sighed, I'm glad they're still here and not out there anywhere causing chaos

I walked around the structure of "tuma" while waiting for Julia. Because I woke up really early, I don't expect anyone to be up. I mean the sun isn't even up yet. It was somewhat cold but that doesn't bother me much, I go downstairs to the lobby and the cafeteria. There were way more people than I expected. It was 50% full, which is impressive considering how big it was. I talk with a few people. Most of them talk to me back, though our conversations weren't long in summary they were either late nighter came back from work or military and adventurers going out early. I asked where are the merchants since I thought they would be up early but turns out they were way earlier than me. Got info that merchant usually gather way before early morning. I think I wanna wake up early to join them one day.

After that I walk to the counter to order something but remember I was about to go out with Julia and should eat with her. I was already at the counter though so I tried to play it off by ordering a glass of milk ...I got side eyed, turned out there's no milk in the morning since "no one wake up this early to milk a cow" I forgot they have no fridge... so ordered a glass of water, drink it and return to my room as fast as possible.

I invade privacy one more time on the demons and Anna was actually up brushing her teeth.

Then I checked on Julia room... she was top naked and putting on her clothes. I don't peek too much so when she came out I can still act normal ...Nice breast though.

Not for long, Julia came out of her room with her usual clothes... the one she wear when she tried to kill me. It's very cute if we ignore that implication.

Today I was set to go explore Nora with Julia, or at least what I remembered. Since I'm still new in this world I want to explore the norm of this world. I figured a few place I want to go was library, Blacksmith, market and those shops in fantasy fiction like potion or enchanting shops

"Morning"

Julia: good morning Mr- Ahem Alex

"do you have recommended place u should visit?"

Julia: hmm? I think library, military Yaha and guild Yaha are important place. But it's up to you where you want to go

"well first let's go have breakfast, I've never been up this early before"

Julia: at this time there's only the Tumas kitchen that are working

"Huh?"

Julia: Wha-? Sorry I didn't mean to give an attitude-

"nonono, I'm just confused"

Julia: really?

"yeah, so why is there's no food outside tumas?"

Julia: ...this early, most of the people would be in their tuma or house so there's no one to buy food

"I've heard merchants go out early tho"

Julia: they go out to early to set up their stalls and usually sells fresh ingredients.

"Uuuuu, interesting. So we go eat at cafeteria?"

Julia: yes

"what you wanna eat?"

Julia: usually porridges ...it isn't very polite to ask for anything else this early

So that's why they give me side eye💀

Julia: you aright?

"why tho?"

Julia: because they have porridge ready and nothing else...

"huh? No, I mean why is there porridge and nothing else?"

Julia: I belive it's because porridge made of rice and other long lasting ingredients like salt, pepper and ham so they can make it easily using stock ingredients... it's also very cheap ...ah! Sorry for rambling

"it's fine, I like stories. But doesn't bread should also be on menu tho? It's from flour"

Julia: bread takes time for the dough to set and bake, it should be available in about an hour...

"yeah, porridge then"

Julia: Nods

Julia go to the counter to order food for us and we sit on a table. One thing, the table was a big long one that stretch across the cafeteria but people seems to leave space between groups. I sat and watch Julia sit next to me, looking around to pass the time.

Not long after we got our meals. It's small bowl of rice porridge with a bit of ham pieces in it. I tasted it and it was very bland. I couldn't find a salt dispenser so I asked julia

"Can I put salt in the bowl?"

Julia: You can ask them for it, why though?

"don't you think it's bland?"

Julia: Umh, thats what porridge should taste like, no?

"Well, it's your world. I think I'll have it this way too"

Julia: Nods it isn't worth it anyway

"Worth it?"

Julia: Yes?

"do salt cost money or something?"

Julia: Yes it does?

"Oh, why though"

Julia: it cost money to buy, therefore should have price.

"is it that costly?"

Julia: Umh

"huh... no, I mean why"

Julia: they have to go mine it from the stone valley

"wait, there's no sea nearby"

Julia: No?

"Oh, ok"

I continue eating the breakfast and talk with her. I told her I want to go the the library, Blacksmith and market for gears and essentials. We finish our meal and head out

Today, I have a secret plan. I wanted to watch Julia's bladder the whole trip.

I start off by checking it. Her bladder have a little pee in it, not much at all. Probably because she just emptied it before leaving her room. Judging from last time she'll be able to hold it the whole day but that's not interesting, I gotta make it more of a challenge. Since I want it to be all natural I won't put any liquid in there and let her bladder fills on it own. So what I think I should do is fill her up with beverages

I walk for a while and initiate my plan

"I'm thirsty"

Julia: should we go to a café?

"what? They have that here?"

Julia: it's a place where you can sit and have drink somtime with bakery, does this feel familiar?

"Yeah, ...it's just the word is kinda off-era"

Julia: off-era?

"like, imagine talking to someone and they suddenly speak ancient language you know"

Julia: I think I can imagine that

Julia take me to a café nearby.

It look like a small restaurant with a bakery stand inside. If ignore the medieval infrastructure it's like a normal café. Julia order a glass of milk. I want a cocoa or chocolate but I am not sure there's one, I ordered a glass of cocoa and a cookie anyway and surprisingly, they got it. When served it's hot, I'd enjoy it if it was winter but now it's like summer in tropical region here and I'm already hot enough so I use magic to create small ice crystal in the drink and turn it into iced cocoa. People look at me a little but no one said anything and go back minding their own business

It was good, didn't taste much like cocoa though. It's more fruity than in our world and have way less bitter after taste cocoa does. I asked Julia about it and turned out the cocoa here is processed differently than in our world. They don't roast them and instead dry then in sunlight. Weird but ok I guess.

After we finished our drink we pay, leave the place and Julia lead me to the library.

It's a two floor library with a lot of books. Not a massive one but I bet it's the biggest in town. We entered the door and walk to the counter then the Librarian turn our way and greet us.

Librarian: Ah, Ms. Julia How can I help?

Julia: Cassie! Long time no see! How are you doing? ...Ah! sorry, this man want to know about magic and history

Cassie: that would be 4th to 6th shelfs on the right and 8th shelf on the left respectively.

"you two know each other?"

Julia: She's my junior

"Nora have school?"

Julia: hmm? It's local hunting school we go as a teenager

Cassie: you never told my about this man, who might him be? Your dear perhaps??

Julia: Huh!? No! I'm his... friend?

"Hi, I'm Alex. According to Julia I'm her friend"

Julia: sorry... it's

"Just kidding, of course I'm down being friends"

Cassie: Hey! Alex? The man who save us from the demon army?

Julia: Nods it's him

Cassie: Really? Ms. Julia, you gotta tell me the story! ...sorry I got distracted... let me-

"No I'm fine actually, you can talk. I'll go read, you girls have your girl talk"

The girls look at me with confusion

Cassie: you won't mind?

"No?"

Julia looks...flattered? She's twitching around but her tail and ear isn't the same as when she have to pee. I checked anyway, her bladder barely got something in it. I thought so, the drink shouldn't be process this fast. I think she's just flattered

Julia: really? I do wanna talk but... isn't it rude?

"Is it? I don't find it rude, You girls are very polite compare to.... where I'm from"

Julia: Thank you...

Cassie: ah! When I think about it, maybe he's the type that want focus when reading.

I walk into the library to the 4th shelf and look for a book with interesting cover. When I found one, I opened the red book ...to see gibberish. Turns out the translation magic doesn't translate text.

I sigh, put the book back in it's place and return to the girls.

Cassie: Mr?

Julia: what's the matter you look ...upset are we being too loud?

"I can't read..."

Cassie: Eh?...Ahem, don't mean to offend

Julia: do you want me to read it out for you?

"...that's too embarrassing, it make me feel like I'm a toddler..."

Cassie: it seems that you're rather fluent, I thought you speak Ronora

Whisper "Ronora?"

Julia: whisper language speaks in this region.

Cassie hold her hands behind her back and close her eyes while we're whispering. She's probably waiting

"No I never learn to read or write Ronora"

Cassie: you might be interested in this book

*Cassie pull out a blue book from behind her out of nowhere.*

"Oh? What is that book?"

Cassie: it's a Magic book about Ronora

"Ohhhh? Magic? I'm very interested"

Julia: Aren't they very expensive? Like golds worth of money?

Cassie: Yea! It's a book that can make voices and imitate sentences. A rich folk from Taaw gifted this to me.

Julia: sorry, but who gives books as a gift?

"books isn't a normal gift here?"

Cassie: he visit every day and give me lots of flower, I ran out of vase so I tell him I like books more and then he donate these books to the library~ does he know I don't eat flowers?

Julia: I don't think he knows, have you tell him yet?

Cassie: No... do you think it's rude to tell him? I put it in vase every time but he seems to didn't pick up flower isn't my diet...

"Why you girls think he wanna feed you flower? He's totally in love with you!"

Cassie: W-What!? //////

"isn't giving someone flower an act of love?"

Both girls look at me with confusion then they started to blushes especially Cassie

Oh poor dude...

The girls get visibly excited, I think talking about love isn't very abundant opportunity here.

Julia: Wah! ////

Cassie: is it!? ////// tell me more!

"Well, it depends on culture but where I'm from. Flowers are very romantic. You putting it in vase probably make him think he has a chance"

Julia: what do you think about him? How is he?

Cassie: he's a very kind gentleman I'd love to date him.

"Oh really? How about you invite him to dinner or something?"

Cassie: mhm mhm! Ms. Julia I'm gonna have a date!

Julia: Congratulations! Mr- sorry... just Alex, you give her a chance to date!

"It may be just misunderstanding though... Well, he's probably interested... sorry don't mean to ruin the mood, I'm cheering for you too"

I look at the book in my hand

"How about this book? It feels kinda rude taking someone gift..."

Cassie: Hm? He donated it for the library, I don't feel good keeping it to myself.

Knock

I sound from the door interrupt our conversation. Every one look at the door open and sunlight casting on the carpet layer entrance

A guy walked through the door of the library. I didn't pick up much about his appearance since the outside was much brighter and I have to squint looking his way.

Cassie: Ah! That's him!

Julia: we should let them talk...

"yep"

I lead Julia out, on the way I look at the man. He was wearing a silk purple robe and a pearl necklace. I have no doubt he's very rich...

One thing, I still have the book in my hand and I have no idea when is the return date or was I allow to bring it out at all. I'll come see Cassie tomorrow about this since she's talking with the guy.

Walking out, I discuss with Julia about where to go next and we decided that we should go to the market since it's the closest. On the way to the library there are some shops and stalls but mostly residents. But the road to the market we're walking is full of merchants. There're even more of them as we walk closer to the market. Selling stuff like fruit, vegetables, meat or something like that. That reminded me of something.

I look at the sky. The sun is almost above my head, it's noon. Meh, I'll buy something to eat at the market

Walking down the road it suddenly got a bit quiet and peaceful. Though I don't know the exact why, I still ready myself for if someone jumps us.

Then someone did jump us. It's a merchant again. She's a fox(?) girl with a thick clothes with leather apron and gloves like what they wear in wood/metal workshop. She came to us with a really interesting proposal

Fox girl: Good day mister, may I interest you in ancient technology?

Julia: No, we're-

"Ouhhh ancient technology?"

With excitement I accidentally cut Julia off, She look at me confused like I did something wrong and she doesn't understand why did I do that. Analyzing her tone Julia seems to react negatively to her...

*whisper*

Julia: Alex? ...sorry

"what's the matter?"

Julia: It's obviously a scam, I didn't think you'd be interested...

"How'd you know? Is it because she's half fox?"

Julia: what, No! How did you came up with that conclusion!?

"sorry💀"

Well she did open with the most obvious attention grabber.

...I've just manage to become racist in another world...

Fox girl: Are you interested, Mr?

"yeah I do"

Fox girl: I'll show you, follow me!

Though against the advice of Julia, ancient technology sounds very interesting. Maybe it will be a quest starter introducing us to an ancient wizard or something so I followed her to a workshop of some sort. Inside I see a girl that look like the girl with the same outfit doing something with a piece of metal.

I also see a furnace nearby with a sword being heat in it. I think she's a Blacksmith. The girl walk us near the workshop. The Blacksmith turn around to us and rush to us

Blacksmith: Daisy! You bring someone again?

Daisy(?): Lucy! This gentlemen said he's interested in the rune!

Lucy(?): you are scaring the customers!

"rune?"

Julia: It's just a stone that cast magic when provided with sufficient mana, like on the frame of the portal you came through. It's very inefficient and to a mage like you it's better to just cast spell

"No I know what it is but-"

Daisy(?): it's not just a stone that cast magic! It's a very fine crafted sigil carved on an object to conduct mana and-

Lucy: Stop! Sorry, let me introduce ourselves I am Lucy and this is Daisy we are twin and we run this Blacksmith as you can see. How can I help you?

Lucy desperately jump out to explain why this is happening. I guess this situation happen often. Daisy look a bit disappointed when she was silenced

"No no, I'm actually interested, Let me hear more about runes"

Though I can't lie Daisy's pitiness is an influence The real reason I stand her ground was sheer curiosity and interest in what it could do.

I mean, automation right? Scroll and traps are great but imagine what you could do with the ability to assemble a line of these to do stuff. Well, maybe I should lower my expectations... but it's possibilities

Daisy: Really? Umh! Runes can do a lot of things though mine can only do simple task, the rune present inside the dungeons can do very complicated stuff. Im trying to understand them and in the process I have created some simple rune would you like to take a look?

I take a look at Julia, she seems to be more confused than annoyed, I think she feel negative about the runes but too scared/polite to interrupt.

I don't want to drag her against her will but runes are very interesting. besides, She doesn't look that against the idea.

"sure"

Lucy was clearly surprised, her jaw dropped but she quickly correct her posture before holding her hand at her lap and let Daisy lead. she take us to a room I think was garage? It doesn't have car but it's just like garage with tools replaced by books and runes. It's really messy

Daisy: Welcome to my workshop! Sorry it isn't much spacious

Lucy: mutters I didn't think anyone would be interested...

"what do we have here?"

Daisy: Ha! let me show you, this is water rune. You just have to squeeze your mana... into... It!

Daisy frantically run around the room with joy before showing me a rune. When she activated it, The rune lit up and a stream of water gush out at unfortunate Julia who's just standing there... she put her arms up to block her face in reflex but her clothes now wet.

Julia: !

Daisy: sorry!

Lucy: Ah! Sorry for her recklessness, I'll-

"I'll take care of her"

Julia look a bit grumpy but said nothing. I drain water out of the fabric of her clothes and it quickly ...vaporize? Then I remember when Julia warned me about magic water, this is probably it. The water created via magic cannot hydrate someone because of this, it vaporizes

Daisy's expression look bad, she seems very awkward and now she's embarrassed. I don't know how much she really knows about runes but it probably isn't much. She look like a nice girl and I don't want her ego to be damaged so I try to act unfazed.

Julia: ...

"Show me more"

She take a few moment then smiles. She then proceeds to frantically finds a new rune to show

Daisy: ...Umph This is a fire rune-

Lucy: Wait no! Not again! Ah!

Flame burst out of the rune's glyph and miss Lucy by a distance too close to be calm. Luckily there's nothing catching fire

Lucy: be careful!

Daisy and this is the wind rune~

Daisy: !

She blew her skirt up... it was white, yes she is wearing a skirt in her workshop outfit. Lucy hold her skirt down like she knows what's gonna happen and Julia doesn't wear skirt so I didn't get to see theirs.

Daisy: Hyan! ////

Daisy flatteredly bring down her blown up skirt and look at me with red face. She quickly composes herself and pick up another rune

Daisy: Ahem... Let's continue //// here's the earth rune... eh? Why wouldn't... eh?

The rune isn't working, daisy shake it and flick it but it didn't do anything. I turn to Julia to ask about it

"Is it broken?"

Julia: I think she ran out of mana...

Daisy: Lucy~ help me show this to them~

Lucy: Eh? But I... okay... give me the rune

Lucy hesitantly take the rune stone and start putting her mana into it. I know that because the rune's glyph lit up in yellow light. I ready myself a little in case a rock fly at my face but that doesn't seems to happen. Sand seemingly manifests from air and gather on the rune into a single ball. Lucy didn't shoot the thing and let it disappear in the air. It was fascinating, it's really cool seeing magic up close.

"anymore? Like thunder or levitation or trap, something like that?"

Daisy: ...that's all at the moment... I'm still learning their pattern-

Lucy: Ahem

Daisy: I'll be looking to it!

After the conversation I ran out of things to say since I'm done seeing runes and don't want to be annoying constantly asking about it. A couple seconds of silent later Lucy start to play with her hair awkwardly

Lucy: we also sell weapon and armor if you're interested...

"yeah sure, could use a sword"

Julia look at me confused. Then quickly calm herself, slightly embarrassed

"What?"

Julia: I thought you're a mage...

"that's what I'm best at yea"

Julia: wouldn't carry a sword trouble you?

"depends on how heavy it is but I'd like something to protect me other than magic barrier"

Lucy: maybe a dagger may I suggest?

"it's too short ranged for my liking... could check it out after the swords tho"

We look at Daisy, who then lead us to the front Blacksmith area. It's like the opposite of Daisy's workshop, it's very organized and spacious. There's axes, swords, armors shield and more. I wonder how Lucy was able to made these but sure

Daisy bring out a simple sword and put it on my hand. She struggled a little to lift it up so I ready myself too

Hhngh... ah!

I put it down after a while. I underestimate how heavy swords are or at least at this side, I've never wield any sword before so I can't really tell. It isn't too heavy to lift up like weight, it's like ...just hard to handle. I'm sure this thing will mess up my momentum and balance

Lucy: how is it?

"sorry, do you have a lighter one?"

Lucy: No... We don't have a ingredient for any lighter sword than this

"Really? I don't think swords are this heavy... Julia?"

I give her the sword. She struggles to handle it as well

Julia: This is a normal sword...

It's surely not, not the steel sword at least I think. It's so heavy compare to its size if someone tell me this is made of tungsten I'd hardly question them.

2 of them agree this is the norm and my dream of magic knight got far from really...

"I'll have a dagger..."

Lucy: umph, here are the daggers

Julia: for what purpose do you want a dagger for?

"why?"

Julia: I don't mean to be rude... sorry, I mean what do you want it for? So Ms. Lucy can help you choose the one that's best fit

She suddenly got scared, maybe it's the way I phrase so I try to change my tone to be friendlier

"I'm not mad, I just didn't hear it right. I want to use it to clash against melee weapon and maybe for normal use"

Lucy: then I'd recommend this one

She pull out a simple dagger from under the counter

Lucy: It have a front guard for redirection and have It's blade shape like a knife for cutting.

"Can I have a sheath for it too? Or do I need to find a tailor for it"

Lucy: Of course! I forgot about it. Let me get that, just a moment.

She then pull out the sheath and lay it on the table. There's a string on the opening though I don't know what's it for

"what's up with the rope"

Julia: I believe it's for securing the blade from falling out of the sheath.

"wouldn't it be hard to get out?"

Julia: there's a knot for that called a assassin's knot

"do you know how to tie it?"

Julia: Sorry, no.

"I think I remember there's a knife strap on your thigh. "

Julia: No... I did not have that one tied

"So you just let it hang?"

Julia: Yes...

I purchased the daggers and each of every rune Daisy has for me. You should see her face when I ask for the rune as well, it lit up with sparkles and stars. Julia seems to not be bothered about it anymore

Leaving the Blacksmith, I remembered I haven't checked her bladder yet so I do. It's getting full, it's already got a lot in. She's kinda showing signs but I haven't picked up since I'm all busy with the twins. Her pee is that golden color too since she haven't had much water. I wanna squish it but tell myself not to.

"Do you have to pee?"

Julia: Eh? Nods //////

"is it urgent?"

Julia: //// I can endure it I believe...

"you good if we go to the market?"

Julia: Nods

So then we went to the market. There, I find a lot of stuff and walk around the whole thing. It isn't as important so I won't go much into the details but I spent half an hour buying magic stuff that I'll mention later while watching Julia's bladder fills. Her bladder is getting pretty full now and her body language said so but I keep stalling and she doesn't mention it at all.

After a while though her bladder has gotten packed and she grab my shirt

Julia: ...Alex can we return to the tuma?

"Oh, yeah sure. In a bit"

She let go of my shirt and grab her thigh. It's full, her bladder is very ready to go pee pee right now. Despite that, she held for another 5 minutes or so before she really act up.

Julia: please return to tuma, I really need to use the bathroom...

I nodded and walk to the path we use to come in. I notice her pee is flowing into her urethra, I might have stalled for too long and Julia might not make it back...

Before we walk down the path Julia hold my shirt again. She's a bit sweaty also

Julia: can we go to the Guild's Yaha? Curls

"umph, yea. There's toilet there?"

Julia: yes...

I think the "Guild's Yaha" is closer so she chooses to go to it instead of returning to her room. I let her lead. Her bladder is now filled. It has gotten very big similar to when she was holding at the military camp. She keep walking but start to have difficulty walking fast. Not very long after she starts leaking. She jammed her hands on her crotch and curl to the front.

Julia: Ngghh... ahhng... ngghh

Her bladder looks so full I can't help but mess with it, I start feeling it using magic that's like a ghost hand to stroke her bladder. Then I start to push it around gently. Then I start squeezing it a little, it forces a gush to leak out and damp her panties. I see her sphincter squeezing real tight after that. I squeeze her bladder again and she almost tripped. Nothing came out but that must've felt very close.

Julia: please stop doing that... I might wet myself...

"Oh, you actually know I've been messing with your bladder?"

Julia: Yes!

"How do you know?"

Julia: I've been wanting to use the bathroom and my urgency swing as if someone is pressing on my tummy!

"how about this?"

I poke her bladder again but this time I keep digging my finger in it. I can feel it's tenderness as I push my finger and force her bladder against her pee.

She get really desperate and rightfully so

Julia: Ahhh! Don't, it's going to come out! Ahhh! Ah...

She leaked... there's suddenly a patch of wet fabric on a crotch of her short, she cover it and blushes. I shouldn't mess with her bladder more that this or it might leak even more.

"sorry, I'll stop"

Julia: ////

I'll be nice and not making her walking in the walkway with damp patch on her crotch by force vaporizing her pee with magic.

She made it to a big building and entered it without leaking but her bladder was bloated, really. I look like it's going to gush out in seconds

Julia: Uuuu, toilet toilet...

She curls down and leak a lot to the point it's dripping. I quickly cleans it up by magic and help walk her to where I think was the bathroom. It's a two door close to each other and similar symbols to the one on tuma's bathroom. I do wanna see her wet herself but we're too public to be sexy instead it would be humiliation... Julia almost burst in front of the bathroom but she was able to hold herself into the stall. I can't be there for long since I'm afraid I'm gonna get gunned down by people's stare. So I walk to a table nearby. Too bad they had magic eyes in mind and there's a black box around women's restroom when I'm trying use my x-ray vision.

I sighed and just wait there. Then I got poke on the back, I turned around to see who it was

"Oh? Anna?"

Anna: Mas-! Mr. Alex! Didn't expect you here.

"work as waitress?"

Anna: Yea! I love serving guest *especially in the night~♡*

"💀"

Anna: Haha, just joking. I just love free beers in the night

"you'd be totally hammered considering how much guys you'd pulls"

Anna: You know what to do~ just drink enough water and alcohol would just *go through*

"so you'll be peeing very often eh?"

Anna: *How about I hold it for you?*

"I like how you know how to get me interested"

Anna: Ahah~ I'm quite full already, care to take a look, curious one?

I Took a look at her bladder and man, Im captured. it's filled to the brim with golden liquid she's been holding. I can tell she's quite desperate.

"can I squeeze it?"

Anna: huhu, at tuma. Manager gonna scold me if I let customers touch me like that~

"are you good talking to me?"

Anna: I'm on a toilet break, she wouldn't mind a few chats on the way~

"Oh, so this is how much you usually hold before going to the bathroom"

Anna: I can pretend to use the bathroom and hold it in while taking your order, how is that?♡

"haha, nah. that sounds good but you'll need it. Just have plenty in your bladder when you visit my room tonight"

Anna: Umhm, I'll let you pop my champagne~♡

"Yo, you're so good at word. You know that?"

Anna: hehe~♡

Anna pat below her navel just right above her crotch

Anna: Eheh, gotta go now my bladder is bursting~

On the way she walks slowly whith her tail brushing on everything like she's stalling. I nudge her bladder so hard she leaked and she look back at me with a perverted smile before running off with desperation.

END

*020*2025-02-19 02:24

Chapter 14: Anna's day ...and night

If ignore her as the sin of lust, Anna is a normal girl with big boo- a personality. She's a kind and hardworking woman work as a waitress at the Guild's cafeteria. This is the part of Anna's day Alex didn't get to see.

Anna wakes up in the morning

The beer and water from last night get filtered into her bladder, after about 6 and a half out of sleeping her natural alarm clock began ringing. Anna is tired but after a while she got up. She's able to see in the dark better than human so the girl didn't bother light up the candle. She slumber straight to the bathroom and since she have no reason to hold it in the pale yellow liquid is let flow out of her urethra after her panties were slid down to her knees.

It felt incredible letting her full bladder relieve itself down the toilet. 26 seconds passed and her bladder was emptied, lies flat in her pubic bone. She wait til it stopped dripping and walk over to the sink before cupping a bit of water to wash her crotch. She undress herself and throw it in the laundry basket.

The water in the morning is freezing not that she's going to bath anyway but her half sleep butt got woke up as soon as she touches water. She then brush her teeth and come out of the bathroom

Anna was a bit shy coming out of the bathroom but Ivy is still sleeping so she is relieved, she walk over to the wardrobe and pick out one of the Guild's waitress uniform. It's a green dress with leather apron and belt on her waist. Since all the detail is in the clothes itself putting it on doesn't take a lot of time. Anna left a spare key on the bed table then pat Ivy before leaving. She locked the door and walk downstairs, checking her wallet on the way. Anna have enough to get porridge but She thinks she'll have some bacon sandwich at Guild's Yaha surely the bread would be ready the time she arrives.

Walk past Alex and Julia talking she didn't bother them and leaves. On the way Anna start humming tunes she heard from a bart last night, she met a couple similar faces and exchange smiles. So far she lives like a normal people.

When she got to the Guild she walk to the front table for check-in and to the staff room. She checked herself if she's missing something before walk out the backdoor to the cafeteria. She recognized a table of adventurers from last night still drinking, she remembered she might have let her sin went a bit rogue last night. She cringe from just remembering how she flirt last night.

The party just came back from defeating a B rank monster and they got a hefty funds from it but who would've known they're gonna stay this long.

The party's tank look at Anna and called for her.

Anna: how can I help you, sir?

Tank: beers more beers! Hahaha

Fighter: Got more *hic* apple cider? *hic*

Cleric: I'll have a glass of water for each of them please.

Anna look at the sunlight shining through the window

Anna: two glass of water...

Tank: Hey, what... about my ...beers?

Fighter: *hic* my cider! *hic*

Anna point at the beam of sunlight

Anna: sorry, we don't serve alcohol in the morning. It's Guild's policy... You can come back later or wait until the sunset if you want

Fighter: C'mon, just a bit more. We'll go soon *hic*

Tank: don't be a... party pooper ...man

Anna: I really can't do that, maybe you can buy it at liquor store and have it at your place..

...

Rogue: ...bitch

Cleric: hey, C'mon you can't say that

Fighter: keep your *hic* stupid book to yourself *hic*

The party then start to call each other names. Anna feels like she knows exactly why alcohol are banned during the day

Anna: if you excuse me...

!

As she was about to leave a guy grab her tail

Tank: No you're not

Anna: Ow, don't pull it like that!

The guy them proceed to keep pulling her tail while giggling with the party

Tank: like this?

Anna: Stop! It hurts! Ngggghh

This go on for longer than it should have. The most of the party were having fun, laughing at Anna being bullied. Then the yank her tail really hard, It hurts. Anna figured this gotta be justifiable for self defense and punch the guy in the face. However, at that moment Anna didn't remember she's a demon. Her punch dent the steel helmet and send the guy flying into another table, luckily it's empty. He was knocked out and everyone now looking at her.

A staff came in and separate Anna from the party

Staff: what happened?

Anna: this guy pull my tail... so I... punched him

Staff: he pulled your tail? Are you hurt?

Anna: my back ache a bit... I swear It's a self defense

Staff: I got you. You wanna go to the staff room?

Fighter: You are not *hic* The victim here... uuuuah BITCH *hic*

The guy then stand up, proceed to throw the most embarrassing punch and knock himself out falling. To be fair he was so drunk he didn't even stand properly so he might just pass out from the alcohol.

Anna get anxious , if the situation escalates she will most likely have to use her power since they can beat a B class monster. Surely she can't deal with them without using some of it. She's very lucky they're all wasted. Party's cleric seems to be very anxious as well. There's this tension between them that make adventurers the room feel uneasy.

BAM!

A massive man shoved the backdoor open and walk toward the site menacingly. That man is Anna's boss, much like a branch manager who's just return from another city. He is the strongest man here as far as She know.

Boss: Get out.

No one said anything. Like literally, the whole building were silence. Not a single person speak back. The party stood up and left with their unconscious member carried by mage's magic. The intimidation was there and Anna would've been in a puddle of cold sweat and piss if she didn't got her own massive field of mana. She's still scared of losing her job though

Anna: Mr Hank... I'm sorry for causing a scene

Hank: all good, I'll be in my office expecting a report

Anna: O- of course, I'll be there once I'm on my break

Hank: ...

Anna sighed, she was spared from unemployment ...at least for now. At this point most of the staff gathered around her including her friend Sara. Anna doesn't really wanna deal with this much people so she tell them off said she's fine. Then return to serving other customers. Her back was aching but it's getting better by hours and she can hide it well enough nobody said a thing. If she was just an ordinary dog girl. the yank would've paralyzed her, in fact it did. But her regeneration kicked in fast enough since her spine was just dislocated not disconnected.

She spend the rest of the morning taking order and serving foods to customers. On the lunch break, Anna go in the staff room to write a report on the incident. At half the break Sara come into the room with a plate of steak and fries for her. Anna didn't have any of it until Sara start feeding it to her. To Sara's he report was unnecessarily long and thick. Anna then spend the rest of the lunch break walking around for witnesses signature.

She resume her work in the afternoon like normal and go the office on her break. She walk up to the 2nd floor and straight to the office. She was so nervous about losing her job she didn't notice the change in mana concentration walking to Hank's room. In front of the door she gulped.

Anna: *Knocks* This is Anna from the morning, May I?

Hank: Come in

Anna: T-This is the report about this morning incident...

Hank took a few minutes flipping through the pages, stamp on the report and sign on a piece of paper.

Hank: Good, You're dismissed.

Anna: thankyou!

Anna leaves the room with her heart thumping. "HOLY SHIT I DIDNT GET FIRED" is now one of her emotions. All this adrenaline make her shake as she walk back to the staff room. Anna rub her lower stomach, she started feeling the need to pee. Though she haven't drink much, It's been 8 hours since her last bathroom visit and her body need to get rid of it's waste no matter how little she drank. It's starting to get uncomfortable so Anna figured she'll make a visit soon.

Anna return to the staffroom with Sara inside. It's like 2 minutes from their shift and Anna gotta take care of her need

Sara: how'd the talk turn out?

Anna: Ummm... Mr. Hank is being Mr. Hank like usual... I didn't get fired though

Sara: Thank Gods.

Manager: You two gotta stop chatting on your work hour...

Anna: Uh ah sorry boss!

Sara: on it boss...

Anna and Sara walk to the door

Anna: boss, can I go to the bathroom for a little?

Manager: Oh yeah sure, I didn't see you going in there since this morning. Carl said you're a wizard

Anna: ahah haha... I'll get myself done and go taking order...

Manage: Uhmp ok.

Anna try to keep her posture as she walk to the bathroom. People mostly out doing quest or their job so she didn't have to wait longer than a queue to use the stall. She almost forgot to take of her panties before letting it go. Then a wave hits her, The sin's wasn't there just for it to be a title. It does effect the user in this case Anna is being induced by lust and start feeling a bit hot in her genital. She is still holding it in and starts wondering about Alex's preference. She push down on her belly to feel herself just about to burst while thinking about Alex. She almost start masturbating in there but her full bladder made her wet herself before it get too hot in there.

Anna got embarrassed but quickly gain her composure, clean up after herself and go serve the customer. By wet herself I mean Anna pee just came out before she could touch herself so non of her clothing are stained.

Anna was doing her job until the party this morning show up again. They took seat at a table then the tank call at her

Tank: ah... miss!

Anna hesitate. She'd rather not risking it again

Tank: Miss, come here please

No one was there to get their order and they seem sober up so she reluctantly walk to their table

Anna: M-May I take you order, please?

Tank: Um... a plate of chicken kemwan, side of chicken salad and brown broth please.

Fighter: I'll... have a milk noodle and umm today's sweet...

Anna: okay... anything else

Everyone start ordering awkwardly

Rogue: dude we're sorry aright?

Anna: About this morning?

Cleric: I'm really sorry about this morning incident. We were drunk and these three was on the aggressive side so...

Fighter: I beg of you we're getting hunted

Anna: Okay... not really sure what I can help...

Fighter: we have compensation money can you drop the charge please?

Tank: We were wrong... please forgive us

Anna: what's going on!?

Anna is confused, they told her seemingly unrelated issues and ask her to drop "the charge". What charge? She didn't even see a knight here today and no way she'd have time to report them to military. Anna look over to Sara who's just finished taking an order from the nearby table and give her a wink

Sara walk to Anna and Anna start asking about the party and why they like this

Sara: *whisper* Mr. Hank put them on the assassin's guild board.

Anna: What? Really?

Anna: My friend told me you guys got your photo on a wanted list...

Mage: Yup, they did. I'm so done with them

Anna: so... how do I drop the charge?

Mage: *whisper*

Anna: that's kinda difficult... can't we just go talk to Manager and let him retract the wanted paper?

Everyone: Hell no!

Anna: I don't really want to do all these work...

Fighter: trust me it's gonna worth your time!

Hank: Got a lot of courage coming back here I see

AHHHHHHHHH!

Fighter: Mr. Renning I-I... I...I *pass out*

Tank: *pass out without saying a word*

Cleric: we're so so so so so sorry about what happened. We're here to apologize and settle a compensation for Ms Anna here...

...

Hank: you do understand this is an attempted murder right? And she's not the one who filed these charges, I did. Under the name of adventurers guild we filed these charges for violence toward our employees.

Mage: Mr. Renning. We weren't trying any murder we assure you, we-

Hank: weren't? You're adventurers, are you really sure you don't know what happen when you pull a person's tail?

...

The party and a few people can be seen lying on the ground. The aura he's giving isn't only a mind thing. He's leaking large amount of mana into the surrounding and it can overwhelm sensory functions. Anna is still standing beside him. Half of her initial mana pool is still enough to neutralize his aura but to be fair if she was assigned an army she would be the only one left.

Anna: Mr. Hank... they're all unconscious...

Hank: guard, to take them to jail

Seeing the scene, he stopped. Before he is gone however Hank take a look at Anna and sigh but never said anything.

After the whole situation has been resolved the Guild return to its busy evening state. Morning, noon, evening and night. Generally just anytime people isn't working Guild's cafeteria will be packed. It's a gathering place so in their break/ free time people would come here. Anna has gotten used to the busy work, mostly because she couldn't possibly exhaust her body with just a daily job . It would require heavy labor work to make her sweat.

Anna: boss, can I go to the bathroom?

Manager: *nods*

While she's on her way to the bathroom Anna feel something poking her from behind. She turn back to see what it was and...

Anna: Ah! Mr- Ahem, Alex!

Calling someone Mister was a habit, she doesn't really use to calling a man without suffix. Alex then ask her if she works here in which she confirmed. Of course with this guy the topic would go to pee again. Anna is already holding a lot so it keep getting more horny. When Alex ask if he can touch her stomach she's weighing the risk that she could pee herself if she let it escalates. At some point she remembered about what she almost did at lunch then it get bad real quick. they start talking dirty to each other.

Her sin is corrupting her. Even with full bladder she couldn't be stopped. The desire ro rouse up her target eclipse her urge to pee completely. At this point she's more interested in having sex than a relief. She was there tempting Alex until her pee starts to leak. Alex tell her to come to his room tonight and for her to go to the bathroom now. At this point Anna's bladder was at its limit, she really need to go now but gods is it fun to provoke him a bit more~ Anna keep dragging out but then she felt it coming out, Alex push her bladder. It's kinda sexy, well anything is sexy since she's getting corroded with hornyness but still. She look back to give him the last naughty smile before running to the bathroom.

Luckily and I mean very Luckily at this time of the day there's no queue. Anna bolts into the stall and yank down her underwear. She's still dry because she doesn't wanna wet her uniform but if she had to wait a few more second its gonna burst. The corrosion make her feels hot down there and it's making it hard to pee since her body thinks she's having sex. She couldn't pee for a while until she calm down. At this point her bladder is bulging, she needed to go so bad she took a deep breath and it's start to flow out.

Anna: Haaah

She wasn't the type to make noises but the relief is immense, it take a long while for her bladder to empty but as soon as she's done she made up her mind and get back to work.

Manager: you're slow... did you talk to someone on the way again?

Anna: ahah... sorry boss, my neighbor speaks to me and I let go of myself a bit

The rest of the night consists of Anna serving while occasionally get invited for drinks from some generous customer. She isn't alcoholic, the cider is just tasty to her. She wasn't try to get wasted mid work so she drink as much water as she drink those beverages. That means her kidneys were overworking getting rid of all the liquid she put in her system but no matter how much she push it, her regeneration will fix her kidneys even if they do fail. She visit the bathroom when she have to and though she have a few close call she's able to hold it in.

At the end of her shift around 9 pm she went to the staffroom to get her stuff. Her manager paid her a fair amount before saying goodbye. Anna was thinking to visit the bathroom but she's going home so that's not really necessary is it? She just gotta hold it in and by the time she's at Alex's room she's gonna be bursting just like he wanted. That's almost enough to get the sin corrosion starting...

Anna may have overestimated her bladder a bit because her pee starts leaking out half way to tuma. She feels the pressure spike for every step she takes and the feeling of desperation from her bladder wall stretching. She keep walking until she reaches her limit. It's just a quarter of the way to the tuma but her pee is going to burst out.

Anna look around and run to the nearest alleyway to reduce the pressure a bit. By the time she got in the shadow her panties was soaked. She get rid of all the obstacles between her outlet and the outside and let her bladder's contents flow. Tears was forming in the corner of her eyes from the desperation and relief, She's embarrassed from peeing outside but no one saw her so it's kinda aright. After a bit of peeing, She stop the flow and held the rest in. She wanna have a full bladder to present to Alex and if she let it all out the puddle might not evaporate out in time of morning.

Counter lady: Ah, miss Anna is it? Want to order dinner?

Anna: Not really~ I already had dinner at my work~

Counter lady: care for some chit-chat?

Anna: Umm... sorry, I'm kinda... really need to use the bathroom right now...

Counter lady: Oh my, see you tomorrow then~

Anna was able to hold out her pee. She walk upstairs to the hallway and she start being corroded as soon as she think about Alex looking at her while she's about to wet herself. Holding her pee never been this arousing... she took a bit of time to think before she forced unlock and open the door into Alex's room.

Alex's pov

I was reading the book until... Anna just come into my room... without knocking. Well, it's not the first time... luckily I'm not in the middle of something embarrassing. She's grinning and she look so smug, I'm guessing she's about to do something

Anna: Master~♡ I've- *heavy breathing* I've been holding it in since I left my work~

Anna pull up her skirt with one of her hand revealing her white stained panties. The skin around her crotch was shiny as well so I guess it's probably wet with her pee. I still have some grudge from last time so I make sure she's not lying. I turn on the x-ray vision and I'm surprised. Her bladder is more packed than I expected, while I'm looking she leak some out as well. Don't know if it's intentional but damn. I see her pee running out from her bladder through her urethra and out in front of me.

"Woah, start with flashing? How much did you drink"

Anna: Hmm~ I wonder~

She let go of her skirt and let it fall to its position.

Anna: master~♡ hurry up~ this dog can't hold her pee forever~~

She walk up to me and push me down on the bed, then she advance herself up from my knees. She was sitting on my hips and my dick was kinda between her pussy cheeks... she's breathing heavily and grinding a little with her motion. I feel threatened, well, maybe because if she fuck me I'll die.

I can't stop looking at her bladder, her pee is pale yellow and it's making the bladder look inflated like a balloon. I can feel her cleavage clenching as her pee tried to flow down her urethra. Then it spill, she peed a little while she's sitting on my crotch... I feel the wetness seeping through my pants. But still. As much as I'd like to pull my dick out, I don't wanna die...

"can I use my fingers? Would your ability activate?"

Anna: Well~Why don't you try I out?~♡

💀

"Whoa whoa, chill out, I don't wanna die"

Anna: Oh... Sorry

Anna lift her hand up from my body a bit and give me a pause(?) Then resume the mood by moving closer to my face. She pull on her lower lip with her index finger before giving a suspicious smile

Anna: No~ no it won't... It need a pole in a hole kinda action~♡

She said it while doing the 👉👌 thing with her hands. TBH I found it funny rather than naughty...

"Sure then"

I grab her and roll, she's now on the bottom

Anna: Ow~ you wanna top?

"It's easier this way"

I grab her skirt and yank it up so her bottom would be exposed. She's leaking and her vulva is twitching as it seep out. She looks more than ready to pee... I creep my hand up her thighs onto her intimate place. I slid my thumb between her cleavage and that made her let out a squeak

Anna: *gasp*

"can I touch it?"

Anna: be gentle~ it's really full~~

I hover my hand above her bladder bulge.

Anna: Hya♡

I nudge it, that's all it takes to make her squirt out a lot of pee. By the shape of her urethra that's not intentional. I use my other hand, slide it into her panties and use my thumb to seal her pee hole. I also use magic to squeeze her urethra shut it case her bladder overpowered the seal

"No, you can't pee right now"

Anna: ahhh!

I use my other finger to play with her pussy but one of my hand still pressing on her bladder. I push harder and her body began shaking.

Anna: Ow~ Ow~

Her bladder feels hard, It look like a deformed balloon under my hand, Anna breath start to become rapid. That's when I stop to look at her face. She's ...crying? Tears well in her eyes, it might be too much for her

"Can I go harder?"

Anna: I... *nod*

I start to push it down more, at some point I started using magic to compress it too

Anna: Ahh! it hurting! Master! Ahnh!

"Sorry, I got a bit carried away"

Anna: C-continue...

"Anna?"

Anna: I... I like it

"Are you sure?"

Anna: *Nod*

When she told me it hurts I lifted my hand up so we're starting over again. Halfway through she started flexing her tummy

Anna: Can you put your finger in me already? It's getting hard to hold...

"Umph"

Anna: Ngggh

She probably need to go really bad, it's gonna suck if her bladder start hurting while she haven't finished. I pull her panties out the way and do that stereotypical fingerings I've seen from porn... it could be better not gonna lie... but Anna look like she's enjoying it

Anna: F-faster♡

Her bladder is inflated, not as in a way to tell its full. No, it's like a balloon that you put way to much air in it. I think she just hurry me because she have to pee so bad at this point. I tried my best to go fast without scratching her inside with my nail. She starts shaking badly

Anna: Oh, Ahh. M-my bladder is going to...

*pop*

💀

"What was that?"

Anna: I think my bladder... bursted

I forgot that she's unable to wet herself because of the magic ring around her urethra. Her bladder did bursted, it has a ruptured wound on the dome, There's a tissue separating her pee from her abdominal cavity so It doesn't look that hard to heal

"I thought you were holding aright!?"

Anna: it hard to notice when my body is this oversimulated...

"There's no way you didn't notice your bladder as it's about to burst! hold on, I'll fix it"

Anna: D-don't use healing! It's going to hurt worse!

"I don't use sacred healing, I don't even know gods here... You'll be fine"

I gather urine back into her bladder and repair her bladder muscle. I temporary contain her pee in a force field to prevent it from getting on the way of healing tissue. When it's repaired I stop the force field. First thing it does is trying to tear another wound so I tell Anna to let it out

Anna: Ngghh!

"pee"

Anna: But we're on the bed-

"your bladder's gonna pop a second time if you keep holding it"

...

Anna: E-excuse me

Anna began to pee. I hear the sound of her pee soaking into the bedsheet. Despite having to pee very badly I guess pee shyness in her genes activated. It only trickles out in a little water fall of her vulva. I get a bit curious and press on her bladder to see what will happen and it shoots out. She look very relieved. Anna peed on the bed so much it can't absorb in time, It's starting to spill on the side of the bed.

"you should probably stop"

Anna: Ah, sorry

"I'll clean it up later but next time don't keep it to yourself okay? If it's really an emergency you should tell me"

Anna: I thought you'd like it...

"bursting your bladder is kinda too far for my liking"

Anna: understood... can we...continue?

"I'll put some pee back in, if it's enough just make a noise"

I was going to put her pee back into her bladder but I remember UTI exists so I create a bunch of warm water inside her bladder to fill her up. She can hold a lot, really a lot. I don't know much about her past but if she did drink every night that gotta be a big influence. She let me fill her bladder up so much it's bulging. Then she squeak. Her bladder look like pee pee going to come out any moment

Anna: Ahnh!

"Are you sure it's okay?"

Anna: It- It's just a bit above my limit... I'll be fine if you don't take too long...

"Ok, let's resume"

Anna: Be gentle♡

I put my fingers back into her vagina, rubbing the inside. It's kinda hot how I can feel her bladder from there, When I put my hand in I can feel the pressure pushing against me. Every time I push my finger against her bladder she clench. Still doesn't convince me to put my dick in there, I'll be jerking off about this later thanks...

I losen the tie I put on her urethra this time so her bladder won't burst. It help a lot since a lot of pee keep seeping out, that means it's working. After a while of playing with her inside she start making noises, then squeak, then moan. She's breathing heavily and her body keep twitching. I think she's about to ...uh...finish. I losen the ring on her urethra then pee and some slimy liquid start to spill out

Anna: I'm- I'm going to... hnngh♡

"you can let it go"

Anna: Ahhhh!♡

I'm not sure if I should pull my hand out or not but I keep it in while she's on climax. Anna's body tense up and she squirt out a lot of pee-bodily fluid solution in waves. By the time she relaxed down her bladder was spilling, I don't think she's trying to hold it in at all... I rub her bladder and urine keep bursting out when I press it. She only stop when her bladder stopped stretching

Anna: haah... hah...

"go pee"

Anna: *nods*

She gets up from the bed and walk to the bathroom. I can hear her sighed after she starts peeing. She came out flushing red, she didn't even look at me.

Anna: Alex... I'm sorry about the mess...

"I can use magic to clean it up no worries"

Anna is twitching around in front of the bathroom door

"I'll clean your clothes too, take it of a bit"

Anna: It's kinda embarrassing... I mean um... After I...finished right? My ability calm down and I got this embarrassment after... it's kinda

"Hm? So it's like, you're not you when you're horny?"

Anna: *Nod* I'm so embarrassed...

It's like post nut clarity I guess? I'll ask her later because she look like she's going to jump out the window right now if I ask.

I already have this image of her being a degenerate horny freak but seeing Anna right now make ME feel like a freak. she look so cute I don't know why...

"okay but that panties flash when you entered my room is so hot, can I see it one more time"

Anna: I-I suppose...

I swear I can see those spiral eye when anime characters are embarrassed, She tried to act degenerate smiling but when whatever giving her that confidence is now gone so she's just very very very embarrassed. She then tiptoe into position, grip the rim of her skirt and...proceed to take 5 minutes in that pose. Finally she lift it up revealing an even more wet panties than when she first came in my room... well she just wet herself. She quickly shove it back down and hide her face behind her hands

"Come here, I'll dry out your clothes"

Anna: I'll- I'll go change in my room

"what if there's someone in the hallway?"

Anna: Haahhhh //// I'd die of embarrassment...

"C'mon, I won't do anything weird"

Anna: please... take...care of me...

I take Anna into the bathroom where it's easy to use water magic without making a mess, then I start by rinsing her clothes with water. I make sure it's warm so she'd be comfortable. Her panties is a bit to awkward to reach in so I ask her to take it off, She turn red when I told her but comply. I make sure the water flow through her crotch and then dry it off by making warm wind to blow from under her skirt. Of course I told her to hold down her skirt first. After her and her panties all dry and clean I return to the bed where I start to clean it.

Anna took a while in the bathroom to calm down(?) and when I was pulling her pee put the fabric of my bed she came out and does a little bow to me before heading out the door. She stop at the door

Anna: have a good night...♡ //// ah~ what do I do~

"Sweet dreams~"

Then I was left here cleaning the bed

END

*021*2025-02-24 10:00

Art: Anna flashing Alex her wet panties

Spoiler

&&

*023*2025-03-17 17:40

{{On 3/16/2025 at 10:01 PM, cathong said:

Well, I think there can be side stories about what those female patients in chapter 6 had gone through.

The story of a girl with no genitals can also be blending with orgasm denial theme.

}}

I'll think about it, it's just a bit so i don't think someone would be interested but if you want i'll do it. it'll post it as it's own thread when i got an idea. if you wanted to you can use my character to write one yourself. i don't mind

*024*2025-03-26 20:20

Chapter 15: Drive home

I woke up in the hotel bed with Yuki on my side. because I fell asleep relatively early, like way before midnight I usually fell asleep at in that side so it's still night here. I wasn't particularly sleepy so I didn't go back to sleep, Thats when I notice the light shining through the shouji(the Japanese slide door thats made of wood and paper) it's letting moonlight through, it looks pretty and make me wanna go walk outside a little.

But when I tried to get up there's something holding me down... yeah it's Yuki... I don't think she just like, hug me? I do remember when we were a kid and still sleeping together she have a habit of rolling around unconsciously. One day Mom bought her a human-sized crocodile plush to hug and she doesn't do that anymore... but since Benjamin is too big to fit in the car we left him at home and now I'm his substitute...

Seriously I have no idea I've been used as a body pillow the entire time... I'm in a bit of an awkward position too, my arm is under Yuki's body and it's going numb... It's also very hot since she's clinging onto me. I close my eye and imagine outside air flowing into the blanket to cool me down then I carefully pull my hand out from under her shoulder.

But after I let the air circulate, Yuki start to shiver. Looks like her comfy temperature was higher than mine so while I'm cooling, she's freezing... I hug her and sighed, I'd rather put up being hot than getting mad at in the morning...

...

While I'm counting random things to pass time I noticed Yuki have been shifting around rather uncomfortably. She wiggle around into this very awkward position where my knees is between her legs, Like pressing against her crotch... I try to move my leg from her no no and in trying I accidentally pressed my leg against her tummy, it was quite tender and there's this little bulge. I check if it was really it and yep... she really gotta pee, I try pulling my leg out but she cling onto me. I feel like if I force it out she's going to wake up... which doesn't look that bad to be honest, she's about to wet the bed too. I'd rather not clean 2 bed in one night...

*shake*

*whisper*

"Yuki, hey. Wake up"

...

*shake*

"wake up"

...

She wasn't responding so I pinch her cheek and move it around

Yuki: ...hmm? Ow... Ow... stop it...

"Can you like... stop humping me?"

She push me out like with all her sleepy strength

Yuki: wa- What the hell!?

"Shhh!"

Yuki: Hahh? *whisper* what are you saying!

Yuki push me to the edge of the bed before looking at me blushing.

"You were humping on my leg"

Yuki: N-No I haven't!? there's no way... right?

She sound a bit defensive almost like guilty, maybe she thought she was really humping on my leg, it might be best to not double down on that

"Just joking, you were just clinging to me in a bit of an awkward position"

Yuki: p-pervert... don't joke like that again, you almost gave me a heart attack

"You were a bit shifty so I woke up, you good?"

Yuki: ...ngh... I...need to pee... really badly-

"Ah so that's why you sound so defensive. you think you're going to cu-"

She jumps on top of me and shove her palm on my mouth

Yuki: shut uppppp~!

She wasn't the type to use physical violence but this time she almost punch me. though she hit me instead, she's really embarrassed... After a round of beating she gets up and catch her breath. Her obi(sash, the thing you wear on your waist holding the clothes together) becomes loose and her yukata fell to her shoulder. She's wearing nothing underneath but it's not like anything are showing anyway. But It made her hold her clothes shut and look at me blushing

Yuki: I'm going to the bathroom...

She announced with red cheek before getting up to go to the bathroom

...

After a while she came back... well, not a while. she literally came back so fast it was like she just open the door, go out and come back in lol

"what, you're done? That's fast"

Yuki: No... I haven't...peed //// I...am scared

"okay...? You want me to bring you there or something?"

Yuki: *Nod* hurry...

Strange, I expect some tsundere shenanigans but looking at it Her bladder is almost full, if I stall too much she might not make it so I quickly got up and lead her to the bathroom. On the way she ask to hold hand so I did just that and pull her all the way to the bathroom. It's not like it's really really far, the bathroom(literal bath and shower and locker) that connects our room to the actual toilet is just very dark.

When we reach the front of the toilet door Yuki jolts a little and wiggle her way into the room. I can hear her frantically taking her pants off and sit on the toilet bowl. She's still holding it in, I don't know if it's because I'm here or she just need some time for her bladder to relax but I asked

"Do you want me to wait outside or?"

Yuki: Wait outside... really close okay?

"I would hear it tho?"

Yuki: Don't make it weird!

"okay okay"

With that I can hear her pee starts hitting the bowl with force, she was holding in a lot so it's naturally a long relieve. I didn't peek with x-ray but I can imagine her full bladder slowly shrink as its content being expelled into the bowl.

The stream becomes trickles and then stop. I hear her pulling toilet paper from the side and a faint sound of the tissue brushing against the skin. Then the flush. She got up, put her pants back on and open the door

Yuki: I'm done... thankyou

"well let's get back"

Yuki: Ok...

I walk her back to our room. When we're there I see some sunlight hue blending with the light coming in, it's probably morning I think.

"it's morning?"

Yuki: Nggghh...

Yuki groaned, she's probably upset on the fact that she could have just wait and she'll be able to use the bathroom on her own

"You could've waited huh?"

Yuki: No... not really

"You gotta go that bad?"

Yuki: Stop asking~~! It's embarrassing////

Yuki sit on the bed with hands on her lap, I wanted to see the place in moonlight but the morning time will do just fine so I asked yuki

"hey Yuki, I think I'm gonna go walk outside a little"

Yuki: umph, ok

"you wanna come with me?"

Yuki: I wanna sleep a bit more~ *yawn*

I let her sleep and go outside on the onsen alone, part of me wanna turn the water on and stay in there but I don't think I should be doing that in the morning so I moved on to see something else. The air is cold since we're on somekind of mountain range. The view looks great, I lean on the fence to see the mountain being lit up with rising sun light. I ended up standing there looking at the view for about 15 minutes just thinking about life or something

While returning to my room I feel funny in my stomach, almost like I'm hungry but I'm usually not hungry at this time. Maybe it's because I woke up early today... I remember breakfast buffet on the poster so I figured I should at least look at the food. Maybe I should bring Yuki too

I open the door to our room and see Yuki sitting on the bed, combing her hair so I just ask her

"Yuki, you're up for breakfast?"

Yuki: huh? umm... No not really...

"You're gonna get hungry when there's no food c'mon"

Yuki: I'll just buy some food at a gas station

"Really? It's not good~! Trust me breakfast here's going to be better~"

Yuki: I guess I'm a bit hungry... umm, aren't we supposed to shower and change before breakfast?

"...Yeah I guess. You go first"

Yuki: I showered

"What? When?"

Yuki: I already showered while you're gone... ha, stinky~

She called me stinky...

"hahh... guess I'll go shower then"

I turn to the door to bathroom but then I notice why I didn't know she showered. Yuki is still wearing the yukata

"Why are you still wearing the yukata then?"

Yuki: I... I umm... I forgot to bring my clothes...

...

"I got a spare, you're fine with it?"

Yuki: ...umph! thanks, I'll try them on

I go into the bathroom, take of my clothes, throw it into the basket and went shower.

You ever seen the meme of shower handle that only have a bit of warm between absolute zero and melts tungsten? I got blasted with the hottest shower known to man when I turn the knob on just the slightest. I know Yuki like to take hot shower but this is just boiling water to me, I react out of surprise and maybe froze the shower head stuck to the wall...

While I was melting the ice I heard Yuki calling me

Yuki: Nii, you got spare pants?

"what? Isn't it in my backpack? Is it too big?"

Yuki: I mean um... the u-under pants

"Why would I have a woman underpants? Dude go ask mom!"

Yuki: I asked mom!

We shout through the door a bit. She literally ask me if I have a girls under wear to spare... am I being very reliable to the point she think I'll bring a spare for her or she think I legit keep a girls panties on me?

"I'll go see when I'm done"

Yuki: ok... ////

I melt all the ice and after what feels like opening a safe with the shower knob I finally got a perfect temperature to wash myself with I got to shower. I rush a bit since I gotta look for Yuki's clothes and then finish showering. I dab my face with a face towel, put it on my hair and put on a towel I open the bathroom to go look for Yuki's undies.

"What were you thinking really? What made you think I have a spare panties?"

Yuki: I... you really look out for me so I thought you'd bring one or two... it isn't going to be any worse so I thought maybe I should ask

"Aww~"

Yuki: ...D- do you have it or not!?/////

"I did bring a pair"

Her eye sparkles... oh I'm so sorry to tell her she already used it...

"but you already wet it... in the car you remember?"

Yuki: ...no way... what am I supposed to do now? ////

"I have a spare boxer though"

Yuki: いや! [No!]

"what? Are we doing this now?"

Yuki: ボクサーはやだ！[boxers are no good!]

"why?"

Yuki: もう、なんか変な感じするんだもん、足に当たるし、腰にくっつくなのに下がぶかぶか！いやだ~!

"What? What did you say? I'm not that good at Japanese! Hello? Speak English!"

Yuki: ...It's just feels weird! y'know?

"well cuz you don't have cock'n ball"

Yuki: d-don't say that! /////

She bring her hand the her crotch, blushing

"So are you wearing it or not?"

Yuki: ngh...//// I'll wear it... ////

...

Yuki: what are you watching, get out!

"Go change In the bathroom"

Yuki: ...that's fair, sorry.

She hide her crotch behind her hand and walk into the bathroom, eyes locking on as if she's actively saying "don't peek". Then she closed the door.

I was thinking about her changing but then I remembered I'm literally in a towel right now so I go put on my clothes. Luckily she didn't come out while I'm naked. When she came out I'm already putting on my shirt. She look good in my outfit. Maybe because she's cute and I like my clothes but Yuki in a t-shirt and jeans have this boyish look I haven't seen in a while.

"How's mom and dad?"

Yuki: I haven't heard anything from them yet, maybe they're still sleeping?

"I guess they can have gas station food then"

Yuki: what? are you getting revenge on dad for ordering you fish last night?

"What? no wayyyyy, I just think they need some sleep~~"

Yuki: ...I guess that's fair

"Come on~"

Yuki: umph

I walk out the room to the hallway. It's a little walk since our room is bit far from the lobby and most thing so I talk with yuki on the way

Yuki: what do you think they'll have?

"I don't know, chicken or beef would be nice"

Yuki: yesterday's dinner really hurt you huh...

"You and mom ate 80% of my meal what do you think"

Yuki: What? That's not my fault! You're not eating the fish anyway, I just help eating it. In fact I'm saving the world by reducing food waste hmph!

"You're just offsetting the greenhouse gas you emitted during sleep"

Yuki: what?...wait, are you saying I- ...No I don't!?

"No you don't, I'm just messing with you"

Yuki: Stop joking like this~! It's embarrassing!

She shake my shoulder

"Oh we're here"

Yuki: grrrr ...hmph!

I open the Japanese looking door to find a bunch of western food on a buffet bar. I'm obviously confused but on second thought, maybe it isn't that bad, to a long stay customers they might miss western good sometime. I wish I could have some Japanese food though...

"what, they have sandwich and salad In the morning? I thought it'd be Japanese food"

Yuki: Me too... Maybe it isn't that bad, I could have some pizza too

"No? who eat pizza in the morning? You're gonna upset your stomach"

Yuki: but I want pizza

"have some real... I haven't seen you eat any vegetables since 3 days ago"

Yuki: I had curry yesterday! It has carrots

"which you avoid when scooping from the pot... you're not a child! Eat some greens"

Yuki: ahhhh... ok... *sigh*

I and Yuki separate to find something to eat. I found this salad bar with juicy looking chicken breast and mozzarella fondue. I ended up chugging them into my bowl until it's full and look for Yuki. When I found her sitting on a table I walk to her. She's eating a surprisingly green meal, a bowl of salad with some tempura and a steamed egg. Her bowl look so green it make me feels like she think she's gonna upset me or something.

When I sit, Yuki look at me angrily.

"What?"

Yuki: that's not fair! You lecture me about vegetables and your bowl is like 40% cheese and 50% chicken breast!

"I... yeah... let's just swap bowl"

...reasonable crashout, really. I'm not gonna argue... I swap our bowl and let her eat mine. I have no word for how stupid I feel at this moment.

Yuki: hmph! Bleh

Ow, okay... she's mad

"can you still eat some tomatoes? Or lettuce"

Yuki: ...sure

I give her some vegetables. She's kind enough to give me some chicken and cheese. Honestly it's good, not just okay, it's actually good. The dressing is W and tempura is really tasty. Apparently Yuki agree with me and we ended up refilling until we're full. Yuki did try a salad bowl, I don't think she likes it that much but she didn't leave any greens. I'm so relieved she's eating vegetables.

Yuki: pwah~ I'm full~

"you eat a lot... am I packing enough food to school for you?"

Yuki: No you're packing just enough, I'm just a bit hungry today

"what did you get tapeworm today?"

Yuki: ...I really hope not

"sorry, shouldn't have said that... wanna take a walk outside?"

Yuki: Yeah! It look nice out there

Joking about tapeworm after eating raw fish yesterday is probably not the best move, it's also pretty rude to the hotel and Japanese culture when I think about it, sorry...

I try to change topic by offering a walk to digest a bit since Yuki doesn't so comfortable about the worm thing. Yuki nods but on the way out she tug my shirt

Yuki: Nii... can I um go to the bathroom first?

"eh? Didn't you just go this morning?"

Yuki: Umm... *wiggles feet around* I feel like I have to go... and I wanna be sure I won't get desperate while we're outside

Honestly? Yeah, I don't want her shifting from foot to foot while walking either, that's a bit cruel(yep its double standard to the girl in the fantasy world but they deserve it aright?)

"yeah sure, go ahead. I'll wait here"

Yuki: I'll be quick

She walk back out humming

"ready?"

Yuki: *Nods*

We walked out the hotel. There's a park outside but after a while we just decide to walk out to the road downhill to the town. It isn't that far since it only take about a minute for the car so it'll be around 5 to 10 minutes walk. On the way I feel some kind of power surge, I get this random urge to just run around for no reason.

"I wanna do jogging"

Yuki: I... sorry i can't.

"Oh yeah sorry, you didn't have bra do you?"

Yuki: what? No! Thankfully mom have a spare... I'm just too full for jogging.

"Ah, sorry... think about it I probably shouldn't jog either"

Yuki: エッチ 「pervert」

"sorry, alright? I don't know"

Yuki: ...fine, let's just walk

"yeah"

I feel a little like a pervert, thinking about her bra... guess she was always wearing it considering how comfortable she is walking around.

Move on from her breast, the view is great, I can see a little town down hill, the air is really great right now and the sun is perfect for vitamin D

Yuki: did you hear them chirping?

"the birds? yeah"

Yuki: they're so cute~~

"did you know most of the chirp are mating calls, basically the birds are shouting 'I'm horny!' And you called it cute lol"

Yuki: I don't think it's mating season yet and most of the time they're just communicating~

"Oh really?"

Yuki: umph, I learned it in biology class

"curriculum changed fast huh it's only been 3 or 4 years since I graduated from high school"

Yuki: are you sure you aren't just a pervert?

"my teacher really taught me this... well I'm not a ecology major"

Yuki: eh~

"though bird shouting 'fuck me!' would be funny' "

Yuki: *giggles* stop that~

"do you think it would be sunny like this at our house?"

Yuki: I'm not a weather forecast, search for it!

"Mom would love to do the laundry on a weather like this"

Yuki: ... think about it I haven't wash my clothes before we go out...

"is it going to dry in time tomorrow?"

Yuki: ...umm...

"Ahhh, I'll just put it in the dryer"

Yuki: no~! It's gonna smell and my friends gonna make fun of me~

"what? Is it really that much of a biggie?"

Yuki: you know how girls are!

...It's been casual so far but I should really make sure she's in the right group of friends... I'll wash and dry her uniform with magic when I got home for now.

"I'll make sure it look like it's been sun dry on the best place on earth"

Yuki: really? ...I'll be happy if you could do that

"I'm not washing your underwear though"

Yuki: wha- I- I'm not letting you wash it anyway!

We continue walking downhill, the air is so great I don't feel tried at all. We ended up walking to the town and the first thing I see is a convenient store across the road

"Ah! A convenient store"

Yuki: ...pudding!

"Yeah sure, I could have some as well"

I don't know if there is, but I don't see any desert at the hotel so a pudding would be nice. We went into the store and look for the pudding. I found the pudding but also the new one, our favorite brand of pudding got a new chocolate flavor.

"Did they had chocolate flavored one?"

Yuki: No? I've never seen this one before

"wanna try?"

Yuki: yeah yeah!

I've had chocolate puddings but not from this brand so it's very tempting. I check my pocket and put it in the basket.

On the way to the cashier Yuki walk away a little and came back with a peach juice

Yuki: I'm a bit thirsty, hehe

"sure..."

Cashier: that'll be $12.50 cash or credit?

"cash, thankyou"

Cashier: thanks for shopping

"uhm uh have a nice day"

God, why did I say that? I already said thankyou so I didn't know what to say and ended up wishing the dude a nice day... I hope he doesn't think it's weird... I quickly walk out the store

Yuki: can I have my pudding?

"eating while walking isn't quite polite"

Yuki: I care more about pudding... gimme!

"nah, you have to wait"

Yuki: Why?? This world is cruel...

She went for a drama bit and act like I just ended the world

"Actually It's because we doesn't have any spoon"

Yuki: I could suck it out of the packet- ...oh I see. Well, that's a bit embarrassing to do in public...

...

Yuki: why isn't there a spoon? don't they usually give you a spoon for puddings?

"maybe it's in the packet?"

Yuki: then I'd like to have it!

"Let's find a bench first"

We walk around looking for a bench, when I spotted one I grab Yuki hand and pull her there. We sit and I let her choose, she picked the vanilla one and bite the packet open

Yuki: Ah! Really! There's a spoon in the packet!

"I guess they change the packaging, they probably notice how many times you lost the spoon lol"

Yuki: haha *giggles*

I open myself the chocolate one. I wanna try it out and figure Yuki might wanna try some as well

"Uhmp, this is peak, it's better than other brands... umph really, I could taste the chocolate really well"

Yuki: what? Hey~! I wanna try some too!

Yuli reach into the plastic bag with 2 pudding left

"hey, you can't just eat 2 packet I one go!"

Yuki: but I wanna try the chocolate too~

"Here, you can have mine... just 1 cubic centimeters okay?"

Yuki: wha- haha, what?

"a spoon full would be a table spoon full, a bite would mean how much you could shove in your mouth,. Gotta be specific y'know"

Yuki: how about you decide? Aaaaaa~

"what?"

Yuki: feed me! I demand the pudding!

"whatever you say"

Yuki probably won't do the spoon thing... but the chance is never 0... jk, Letting me feed her is such a cute way to handle this, I gave her a spoon full because of this

Yuki: Umph! It's really good! C'mon, open your mouth

"what, I didn't ask for it though"

Yuki: you want it or not?

"Aaaaaaaa"

A pudding's a pudding. Can't refuse that

Yuki: haha, goodboy~

"whaaaaat?"

Yuki: ahahah just kidding

After we're done with the pudding we return to the hotel, We talked on the way but it's not that important. I checked my phone and it's already 10 almost half so we check on mom and dad. I start by knocking on the slide wall separating our room. And when they don't answer I get into their room through the bathroom

"Mom, Dad... why are you still in bed?"

Dad: What...? You two wake up early?

"You're joking right? It's 10:30"

Mom: daring... don't we have to check out at 12?

Dad: really?

...

Yuki: wake up!

"you two need to hurry, we're gonna be late"

Dag: *morning zombie noises*

"... Fine I'll go check out myself, you go help mom and dad pack their stuff"

Yuki: umph... daddy, mommy I'll make you a coffee... wake up already~

"revive them zombies, I'll go bring our stuff to the car"

I start by going into me and Yuki's side of the room, open the slide door to connect our side to mom and dad's side then pick up Yuki's stuff. I tried to get mine to the car too in one go as well but I just can't carry it all. I figured using magic in this hotel that have a lot of camera isn't a good idea so I'll just come back for it.

I do a couple round of carrying since Yuki have to take care of our parents, thankfully Yuki pack their stuff for me so I was able to just come in the room and take it to the car. I made sure there's nothing we forget and then I go to the lobby. The reception said we could only check out when we all left the room and come the the front table together so I return to our room. I check my phone a bunch because I worried about the time

"Yuki, it's 11:40 are they ready yet?"

Yuki: Dad is changing, We'll go out soon

"Hurry up"

I walk around, tapping my foot. I don't think the late penalty would be so bad but I don't wanna break any rule. It took dad a while to come out and we get ready to leave. I triple checked if we forget something and it seems that we're ready to leave. I walk them to the front table and return the key. The receptionist smiled

Receptionist: the bill is already paid upfront, thankyou for staying

I was relieved, we made it with 7 minutes to spare

"Haah... I thought we're going to check out late..."

...

Mom: Alex, can you drive?

Suddenly mom jumpscared me

"what? Why?"

Mom: dad doesn't look so good... I think he need some rest

Yuki: I'm sorry, I couldn't revive dad TT

"Oh..."

Dad look like he's just been resurrected from his grave, I doubt any amount of caffeine could fix that... he's so out of it bet he couldn't even get in the car by himself. I haven't drive for a while now, I rarely drive because I usually walk when I can and I doubt myself a little if my family's lives could be put on me. but when I think about it. I trust myself more than whatever dad is right now, he barely walk without falling asleep...

"Fine ...I'll drive"

Mom: I belive in you , Alex *serious face*

"Mom~ Don't jinx it~! ...I can drive okay?"

Mom: ahaha, just kidding

We walked to the car. Yuki help me pack our luggage into the car while mom take care of dad. When I'm ready Yuki tap on my shoulder

Yuki: Deep breath, I know you can drive, trust in yourself!

"don't tease me, I'm not that bad at driving~!"

Yuki: Ah- I'm sorry, I thought you'd be a bit anxious since you haven't drive for so long

"Dude, you're making me more anxious"

Yuki: I'll just sit then~

I start the car and start driving, firstly out of the parking lot

"think about it, don't Yuki also have driver license?"

Mom: she haven't done the test for the full license yet

Yuki: I didn't think I'd have to drive...

"so she's still intermediate?"

Yuki: umph!

"wait, Mom does have a license!"

Mom: Honey, trust me, internally I'm as much of a zombie as your dad

"Oh hell nah, you really milked dad dry last night"

Mom: ahahaha... opportunities doesn't come often~

Yuki: ///// Mom!

Mom: Alex, if you didn't know... little Yuki is blushing right now~

Yuki: Mama~!

"Thanks for the info I guess"

...

When we're on the road I hear Yuki bring out her phone and wireless earphones then there's just silence, Mom and Yuki knows I need focus and dad is asleep so it's just complete silence with Yuki occasionally laughing from memes

...

I use the way that take us through a bunch of farmland since I don't wanna drive in town and face that traffic chaos. Dad is completely out and I didn't hear anything from the back for a while

...

A while It really took quite a while for something to happen.

Mom: Alex, I think Yuki needs to pee

"what is this? A random event?"

Mom: She looks like she's been holding it in for a while now

Yuki: Mama!

"why won't you told me sooner?"

Yuki: I... I don't wanna distract you from the road...

"Now I'm more distracted... Uh, it's fine just saying"

Yuki: when can we stop at a gas station or something?

"Yuki, I'm so sorry to tell you I choose a path out of town... there's too much traffic"

Yuki: it's fine... I... I can hold it

It's a big skip I know but there's nothing happening in almost an hour I've been driving. That juice must have been processed already. I can't really look back so I don't know how desperate she is but I'll try my best to find a stop

...

Because the road is just a long straight path of asphalt in the middle of nature I can't find any sign of civilization other than dirt path branching from the road leading to someone's house. It's hopeless for Yuki.

...

Yuki: Ngghh... ahhh...haah hahhh... huff huff

"Mom, is she good? She's making some concerning sound back there"

Mom: I think she need to pee really bad...

Yuki: I... I can hold it

Mom: no you can't! It's not good for your bladder!

I try driving for a while but she sound so desperate and I can't help but pity. It's been almost an hour since she announced she has to pee

"I'm stopping, there's no way she makes it anywhere"

Yuki: No! I- I don't want to go outside! I- I can't

"Yuki, there's no clothes for you to change anymore, and you know you can make it 50 kilometers"

Yuki: F-Fifty!? ...B-But

Mom: Honey, it bad for your body to hold it in

Yuki: I can't do it outside I really can't!

"Mom, is there a bag back there?"

Mom: I searched, There's nothing. Alex, stop for your sister, I don't think she can wait anymore

"I'm finding a spot"

...

I try to find a spot she can run to and cover while she relieve herself but it's just field everywhere. I search for a while and Yuki's noise is killing me. It gave me a lot of anxiety for some reason

...

Yuki: I...I'm at my limit! I can't hold it anymore!!

"hold on, I found a bit of trees over there"

Yuki: I really can't wait! It's coming out!

I wanna turn around and take a peek at her bladder but I think I should better park the car before she wet herself

"I'll be fast, just hang on"

Yuki: I can't... Ah!

"don't do it"

Yuki: I'm trying!

I quickly park on the side of the road. The soil is too slippery for the car to brake and park but I use my magic to stop the car from moving so I was able to park

"c'mon, out"

Yuki: Ngghh...I can't take it anymore!

Yuki burst out of the car and bolt into the woods, both her hands jammed between her legs. I managed to look at her bladder and it's bursting, her pee was at the sphincter. She keep running so I shouted

"don't run too far!"

...

...

...

Yuki: Nii! HELP!!

She shouted, I haven't heard her genuinely shouting for a very long time so I leap in, using magic to propels myself into the woods, she went in really far. If it's snake or something I need to be fast. I keep accelerating until I found her

"what's wrong?"

Yuki: I can't- I can't take it off!!

"what?"

Yuki: I want to pee... M-My pants won't come off, Help!

She look at me crying. At this point she should just pee herself, I understand she doesn't wanna go bottomless on the car but her bladder look like a balloon that's ready to pop.

I get closer and immediately heal her bloating bladder. I have no idea she can hold this much without wetting herself. My boxers she's wearing is soak and there's a little wet spot on her jeans. I try to take it off, she clearly tried her best to desperately get this off but she can't unbutton her pants. Her hands shake a lot and she doesn't have enough strength to unbutton the jeans that's been stretched by her bulging bladder.

"I'll get it off, be still"

Yuki: nggh!

I power pull the pants to unbutton it but she keep shaking. She's clearly doing her best to not drenched herself and my hand right now

Yuki: I can't... I can't hold it anymore

"hold on"

Her bladder bulge get in the way so much. I also need to be really careful around the delicate thing. Her bladder also start contracting but she still continue hold it in

Yuki: Ahh! Don't! I can't- ugh... ah!

She starts to pee herself when I pull the waist of her jeans to unbutton it. I put too much pressure on her bladder I think. The wet spot on her crotch grows and her legs tense. She's clearly trying very hard to hold it in

Yuki: I'm so sorry, I can't- ah I can't

I successfully undo the damn button and let go of her pants

Yuki: no... I can't it's coming out! Ah I-I need to- Ah!

"AH"

Yuki: I'm so sorry! I can't- stop... anymore

She tense up and her pee start to burst out. She haven't took off her pants so her pee start to soak her pants. I walk away behind a nearby tree to give her some space. I hear rustle sound then her squatting down. At this point it's just damage control. I shouldn't be satisfied when I see my little sister peeing so I told her I'm gonna walk to the car and get her a towel or something. Then I walk to the car, of course I don't want to left her alone so I put a huge barrier around her and also beneath her

Mom: did Yuki pee herself?

"yes, do you have something to cover for her?"

Mom: I have some tissue and there's towels in the baggage...

I go to the back and open the trunk. I open Yuki's baggage and find a towel for her. Then I put everything back. I quickly walk back to Yuki, give her a little notice and walk to her. She was wearing the wet jeans.

"Here you go, Change"

Yuki: thankyou...

When she's done she call me. She was wearing a bunny towel as a makeshift skirt, holding her wet clothes. I put the wet jeans and boxer into a plastic bag.

She already embarrassed enough so I didn't give a comment about her pity state, instead I told her to go back to the car. There are these yellow stained tissue around, she probably use it to clean after herself, there's also a pile of pee freshly expelled from her bladder.

I can't help but admire it's sheer volume a bit. I splash it with my sneaker a little and move on to pick up the tissues. It isn't exactly "gross" but it's sure unsanitary so I made sure to wash my hand after picking them up. Then I return to the car

Mom: did you pee yourself?

Yuki: the botton got stuck and I can't hold it in anymore...

Mom: isn't it Alex's pants? Isn't Alex's waist way bigger than you?

"actually not really, hers only a bit smaller."

Mom: then how did it got stuck?

Yuki: umm...

"she was holding it in a lot so there's a bulge on her belly"

Yuki: Niichan! Stop! It's- It's embarrassing...

Mom: Alex? Did you watch your little sister pee?

"No? Yes? I don't know, I was helping her undo the botton and then... she wet herself"

Mom: I... I don't know what to say, Yuki, you need to stop holding your pee in. You almost pee yourself on the way here and now you held it in until your stomach was bulging?

Yuki: I don't... I don't want to... p-p...go outside

"You better listen to mom, look who's wearing a towel right now"

Yuki: I- ...ahhhh I wanna bury myself in the ground...

Mom: Yuki, I don't know what were you thinking but there's some point you need to worry about your body more than being embarrassed. If what Alex said is true it could be very dangerous...

"Mom, can we like. Discuss this later? She's already crying"

Mom: it's okay honey, we make mistakes sometimes. *pat*

"I'll just hit the road ok?"

Yuki: okay...

...

A bit more than 40 kilometers later we got to a gas station. I park there to let mom take care of Yuki's hygiene. Luckily there's no other car here. Mom take her outside and walk her to the toilet

Mom: Alex can you get me and dad coffee? I'll go get your little sister clean up in the lady's room.

"aright"

I decide to wake up dad, it's been almost 2 hours so he probably have all the rest he need

"Dad, get up... yo, hello? Dad"

*zap*

Dad: Ahhh! Goodness, Alex!

"good afternoon dad"

Dad: Oh no, we gotta check out!

"I already did"

Dad: What time is this?

*check* "almost 1 pm"

Dad: Uh huh... wait, Alex did you or mom drive?

"what? I did, why?"

Dad: Oh? That's my boy, I knew you can do it

"bruh, why do everyone surprised I can drive? I'm 21 not 18"

Dad: Boy I never seen you behind the wheel since you got your license

"Ahh... I get it okay? BTW mom want some coffee. Are you going with me?"

Dad: *yawn* Sure, could really use some caffeine.

We bought the coffee and sit on a bench near the car

Dad: where's mom? Yuki too

"long story short, Yuki pissed herself again and mom take the to the bathroom to clean up. Also don't Crack a joke at her she's a bit vulnerable rn"

Dad: got it *sip*

"I'm gonna go get Yuki some snack, anything?"

Dad: Alex, when's the last time I gave you money?

"idk, last week?"

Dad pull put his wallet and give me 2 $100 bills. He usually isn't home when I'm up so he rarely have a chance to give me money. Still $200 is like, damn. I'll take it, but like. Damn

"Thanks dad, are you sure you didn't sell drugs?"

Dad: this boy, Don't underestimate my salary... *whisper* don't tell mom okay?

"right..."

I walk to the convenient store and bought a bag of potato chips to cheer her up. Since there's no pudding. Then walk back to dad

"are Yuki and mom still not here?"

Dad: No, they came back but they went to a clothes store over there *point*

"I'll... just wait"

Dad: did your little sister just walk around with a towel like that?

"more like being drag around but I'm sure mom tie her a secure knot"

Dad: Oh yeah, Alex. You drive

"what why? You're already up"

Dad: I want to see you drive of course, are you scared?

"No?"

After a while mom and Yuki came back. Yuki got a white skirt with blue frils waving with the wind.

Mom: I got Yuki a new skirt

"wait, isn't she naked down there?"

Yuki: Nii!

Mom: it's fine, I got her a pair of panties. Also, don't ask something like that.

"aright, cute skirt BTW"

Yuki: you like it?

"umph, it's cute. Make sure you wear some safety short under there okay?"

Yuki: but it isn't that short?

"but like, you can never be sure right?"

Mom: I don't think it's that problematic

Dad: Alex got a point, it isn't that long either. Better be safe

Mom: really? I used to wear skirt like this and there isn't a problem

Dad: you were way more modest than y'know, Yuki

"Dad, she's right here..."

Yuki puff the cheek, clearly at dad's comment

"can we stop with the skirt already? Yuki, wear pants. OK?"

Yuki: fine... if you insist

"good girl. Oh, I also got you a snack"

Yuki: hmm? Nii, love you~! I promise I'll wear a safety short~

Dad: She's so predictable...

Mom: shhh!

...

Dad: Alex, can you park? I gotta piss

Mom: Darling!

Yuki: Dad!

*facepalm* "Dad, we were I a gas station just like a minute ago"

Dad: I forgot, ok?

"aright, fine"

I find an area where there's a bit of trees. Dad got out and start to pee very close to the car... why did I even find a place when he's gonna just pee like this... he's in our view. Yuki seems to mutter something

Yuki: Guys has it easy...

"can you not be controversial? You'd start an argument if you were on Twitter"

After a while Dad shake and come back in. The Mom and Yuki Ew at him audibly and give him a wet wipe.

...

Mom: Alex, got some snack for mommy?

"Ah... you didn't told me... Um, I think I got some salted peanuts in the pocket behind dad's seat, you can have it"

Mom: There it is. *crunch* you sure are mindful

Yuki: you got secret stash? *stole a piece from mom and crunch*

"I bought it in case you got hungry. Mom and daughter... crunching on peanuts...

Mom: was that suppose to be a dirty joke?

"huh? no no, Just thinking about you girls crunching sound from back there"

Dad: focus more on the road

"Dad, you like. Never focus on the road"

Dad: cuz I'm an expert 😎

Yuki: at least deny it... *crunch*

Dad: Yuki, give dad some

Mom: Hey!

"There's also one in the cabinet, if Yuki didn't already found it"

Dad: ...aha! Got it *sticks tongue to the girls*

"Dad, you're not a kid lol"

Dad: Alex, eyes on the road.

"Oh, sorry, I thought the road were empty so..."

Mom: Don't underestimate the road, there can be bumps or rocks or little animal so be careful.

"got it. Yuki, when will you go get a full license?"

Yuki: i don't know, I have a lot of work to do right now so maybe after I graduate...

...

Finally we're back home. It's 3 pm half sowe have some time before dinner

Dad: I'll take care of our stuff, you guys can go inside

Mom: *yawn* I'll go get a proper sleep...

"then I'll go make dinner"

Yuki: Nii~ my laundry~

"...right, I'll go take care of 'em"

Yuki: thanks! I'll cook the dinner~

I went to Yuki's room to take her laundry. I separate clothes and underwear and take just the clothes. If you're curious about her underwear it's just usual girls underwear, really. There's nothing erotic about her worn underwear. Also, this girl put socks in the laundry basket...

I take her laundry to the bathroom and start to blast it with water magic, I pull and push water around through her clothes and put in the cleaning solution. The kind my house use is all in one kinda solution so as long as it's normal clothes I just need to put it in the floating magical water blob. Then I blow dry the thing with magic. I made sure to heat them and give them that UV to give the clothes it's sun smell.

When I'm done with it I got out the bathroom, iron the thing with magic and put it in her closet. I walk out her room to lay on sofa a little then I see Yuki cooking in the kitchen. When she sees me she wave her hand and called me

Yuki: Ah! Nii, can you come taste the broth?

"aight"

The broth is good, yeah. It's smell very good and just right on the flavor. I smell and taste some raw vegetables maybe she just put some in but it's looking very good

"good, did you use a powder for it or"

Yuki: powder, and a bit of veggies and bones. I don't really have time to let it boil

"it's fine, I love it either way"

Yuki: wah~ i won't give you more even if sweet talk like that~

"haha"

I help Yuki prepare the meal, the table then call mom and dad for dinner.

Mom: kids, you're good at cooking as always

Dad: your meals really hit when they're not in a wrapper huh

Yuki: glad mommy and daddy have it while it's still warm today~

"you can wake me up to warm it~ actually I probably wouldn't be asleep since I'm playing games"

Mom: Alex, I come home midnight every day. You shouldn't be playing video games past 10pm

"Mom... I'm in college" TT

Mom: being in college doesn't mean you should hurt yourself

"yes mom..."

...

"Yuki, is there fish in this?"

Yuki: yes, do you like it?

"I mean... it's not terrible"

Mom: Aww, don't be a tsun tsun

"...okay, I like the meal..."

Yuki: haha, I think dad likes it

Dad is busy shoving the meal into his mouth, no wonder why he's so quiet lol

*END*


