Omorashi with magic(rework)

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*024*2025-03-26 20:20

Chapter 15: Drive home

I woke up in the hotel bed with Yuki on my side. because I fell asleep relatively early, like way before midnight I usually fell asleep at in that side so it's still night here. I wasn't particularly sleepy so I didn't go back to sleep, Thats when I notice the light shining through the shouji(the Japanese slide door thats made of wood and paper) it's letting moonlight through, it looks pretty and make me wanna go walk outside a little.

But when I tried to get up there's something holding me down... yeah it's Yuki... I don't think she just like, hug me? I do remember when we were a kid and still sleeping together she have a habit of rolling around unconsciously. One day Mom bought her a human-sized crocodile plush to hug and she doesn't do that anymore... but since Benjamin is too big to fit in the car we left him at home and now I'm his substitute...

Seriously I have no idea I've been used as a body pillow the entire time... I'm in a bit of an awkward position too, my arm is under Yuki's body and it's going numb... It's also very hot since she's clinging onto me. I close my eye and imagine outside air flowing into the blanket to cool me down then I carefully pull my hand out from under her shoulder.

But after I let the air circulate, Yuki start to shiver. Looks like her comfy temperature was higher than mine so while I'm cooling, she's freezing... I hug her and sighed, I'd rather put up being hot than getting mad at in the morning...

...

While I'm counting random things to pass time I noticed Yuki have been shifting around rather uncomfortably. She wiggle around into this very awkward position where my knees is between her legs, Like pressing against her crotch... I try to move my leg from her no no and in trying I accidentally pressed my leg against her tummy, it was quite tender and there's this little bulge. I check if it was really it and yep... she really gotta pee, I try pulling my leg out but she cling onto me. I feel like if I force it out she's going to wake up... which doesn't look that bad to be honest, she's about to wet the bed too. I'd rather not clean 2 bed in one night...

*shake*

*whisper*

"Yuki, hey. Wake up"

...

*shake*

"wake up"

...

She wasn't responding so I pinch her cheek and move it around

Yuki: ...hmm? Ow... Ow... stop it...

"Can you like... stop humping me?"

She push me out like with all her sleepy strength

Yuki: wa- What the hell!?

"Shhh!"

Yuki: Hahh? *whisper* what are you saying!

Yuki push me to the edge of the bed before looking at me blushing.

"You were humping on my leg"

Yuki: N-No I haven't!? there's no way... right?

She sound a bit defensive almost like guilty, maybe she thought she was really humping on my leg, it might be best to not double down on that

"Just joking, you were just clinging to me in a bit of an awkward position"

Yuki: p-pervert... don't joke like that again, you almost gave me a heart attack

"You were a bit shifty so I woke up, you good?"

Yuki: ...ngh... I...need to pee... really badly-

"Ah so that's why you sound so defensive. you think you're going to cu-"

She jumps on top of me and shove her palm on my mouth

Yuki: shut uppppp~!

She wasn't the type to use physical violence but this time she almost punch me. though she hit me instead, she's really embarrassed... After a round of beating she gets up and catch her breath. Her obi(sash, the thing you wear on your waist holding the clothes together) becomes loose and her yukata fell to her shoulder. She's wearing nothing underneath but it's not like anything are showing anyway. But It made her hold her clothes shut and look at me blushing

Yuki: I'm going to the bathroom...

She announced with red cheek before getting up to go to the bathroom

...

After a while she came back... well, not a while. she literally came back so fast it was like she just open the door, go out and come back in lol

"what, you're done? That's fast"

Yuki: No... I haven't...peed //// I...am scared

"okay...? You want me to bring you there or something?"

Yuki: *Nod* hurry...

Strange, I expect some tsundere shenanigans but looking at it Her bladder is almost full, if I stall too much she might not make it so I quickly got up and lead her to the bathroom. On the way she ask to hold hand so I did just that and pull her all the way to the bathroom. It's not like it's really really far, the bathroom(literal bath and shower and locker) that connects our room to the actual toilet is just very dark.

When we reach the front of the toilet door Yuki jolts a little and wiggle her way into the room. I can hear her frantically taking her pants off and sit on the toilet bowl. She's still holding it in, I don't know if it's because I'm here or she just need some time for her bladder to relax but I asked

"Do you want me to wait outside or?"

Yuki: Wait outside... really close okay?

"I would hear it tho?"

Yuki: Don't make it weird!

"okay okay"

With that I can hear her pee starts hitting the bowl with force, she was holding in a lot so it's naturally a long relieve. I didn't peek with x-ray but I can imagine her full bladder slowly shrink as its content being expelled into the bowl.

The stream becomes trickles and then stop. I hear her pulling toilet paper from the side and a faint sound of the tissue brushing against the skin. Then the flush. She got up, put her pants back on and open the door

Yuki: I'm done... thankyou

"well let's get back"

Yuki: Ok...

I walk her back to our room. When we're there I see some sunlight hue blending with the light coming in, it's probably morning I think.

"it's morning?"

Yuki: Nggghh...

Yuki groaned, she's probably upset on the fact that she could have just wait and she'll be able to use the bathroom on her own

"You could've waited huh?"

Yuki: No... not really

"You gotta go that bad?"

Yuki: Stop asking~~! It's embarrassing////

Yuki sit on the bed with hands on her lap, I wanted to see the place in moonlight but the morning time will do just fine so I asked yuki

"hey Yuki, I think I'm gonna go walk outside a little"

Yuki: umph, ok

"you wanna come with me?"

Yuki: I wanna sleep a bit more~ *yawn*

I let her sleep and go outside on the onsen alone, part of me wanna turn the water on and stay in there but I don't think I should be doing that in the morning so I moved on to see something else. The air is cold since we're on somekind of mountain range. The view looks great, I lean on the fence to see the mountain being lit up with rising sun light. I ended up standing there looking at the view for about 15 minutes just thinking about life or something

While returning to my room I feel funny in my stomach, almost like I'm hungry but I'm usually not hungry at this time. Maybe it's because I woke up early today... I remember breakfast buffet on the poster so I figured I should at least look at the food. Maybe I should bring Yuki too

I open the door to our room and see Yuki sitting on the bed, combing her hair so I just ask her

"Yuki, you're up for breakfast?"

Yuki: huh? umm... No not really...

"You're gonna get hungry when there's no food c'mon"

Yuki: I'll just buy some food at a gas station

"Really? It's not good~! Trust me breakfast here's going to be better~"

Yuki: I guess I'm a bit hungry... umm, aren't we supposed to shower and change before breakfast?

"...Yeah I guess. You go first"

Yuki: I showered

"What? When?"

Yuki: I already showered while you're gone... ha, stinky~

She called me stinky...

"hahh... guess I'll go shower then"

I turn to the door to bathroom but then I notice why I didn't know she showered. Yuki is still wearing the yukata

"Why are you still wearing the yukata then?"

Yuki: I... I umm... I forgot to bring my clothes...

...

"I got a spare, you're fine with it?"

Yuki: ...umph! thanks, I'll try them on

I go into the bathroom, take of my clothes, throw it into the basket and went shower.

You ever seen the meme of shower handle that only have a bit of warm between absolute zero and melts tungsten? I got blasted with the hottest shower known to man when I turn the knob on just the slightest. I know Yuki like to take hot shower but this is just boiling water to me, I react out of surprise and maybe froze the shower head stuck to the wall...

While I was melting the ice I heard Yuki calling me

Yuki: Nii, you got spare pants?

"what? Isn't it in my backpack? Is it too big?"

Yuki: I mean um... the u-under pants

"Why would I have a woman underpants? Dude go ask mom!"

Yuki: I asked mom!

We shout through the door a bit. She literally ask me if I have a girls under wear to spare... am I being very reliable to the point she think I'll bring a spare for her or she think I legit keep a girls panties on me?

"I'll go see when I'm done"

Yuki: ok... ////

I melt all the ice and after what feels like opening a safe with the shower knob I finally got a perfect temperature to wash myself with I got to shower. I rush a bit since I gotta look for Yuki's clothes and then finish showering. I dab my face with a face towel, put it on my hair and put on a towel I open the bathroom to go look for Yuki's undies.

"What were you thinking really? What made you think I have a spare panties?"

Yuki: I... you really look out for me so I thought you'd bring one or two... it isn't going to be any worse so I thought maybe I should ask

"Aww~"

Yuki: ...D- do you have it or not!?/////

"I did bring a pair"

Her eye sparkles... oh I'm so sorry to tell her she already used it...

"but you already wet it... in the car you remember?"

Yuki: ...no way... what am I supposed to do now? ////

"I have a spare boxer though"

Yuki: いや! [No!]

"what? Are we doing this now?"

Yuki: ボクサーはやだ！[boxers are no good!]

"why?"

Yuki: もう、なんか変な感じするんだもん、足に当たるし、腰にくっつくなのに下がぶかぶか！いやだ~!

"What? What did you say? I'm not that good at Japanese! Hello? Speak English!"

Yuki: ...It's just feels weird! y'know?

"well cuz you don't have cock'n ball"

Yuki: d-don't say that! /////

She bring her hand the her crotch, blushing

"So are you wearing it or not?"

Yuki: ngh...//// I'll wear it... ////

...

Yuki: what are you watching, get out!

"Go change In the bathroom"

Yuki: ...that's fair, sorry.

She hide her crotch behind her hand and walk into the bathroom, eyes locking on as if she's actively saying "don't peek". Then she closed the door.

I was thinking about her changing but then I remembered I'm literally in a towel right now so I go put on my clothes. Luckily she didn't come out while I'm naked. When she came out I'm already putting on my shirt. She look good in my outfit. Maybe because she's cute and I like my clothes but Yuki in a t-shirt and jeans have this boyish look I haven't seen in a while.

"How's mom and dad?"

Yuki: I haven't heard anything from them yet, maybe they're still sleeping?

"I guess they can have gas station food then"

Yuki: what? are you getting revenge on dad for ordering you fish last night?

"What? no wayyyyy, I just think they need some sleep~~"

Yuki: ...I guess that's fair

"Come on~"

Yuki: umph

I walk out the room to the hallway. It's a little walk since our room is bit far from the lobby and most thing so I talk with yuki on the way

Yuki: what do you think they'll have?

"I don't know, chicken or beef would be nice"

Yuki: yesterday's dinner really hurt you huh...

"You and mom ate 80% of my meal what do you think"

Yuki: What? That's not my fault! You're not eating the fish anyway, I just help eating it. In fact I'm saving the world by reducing food waste hmph!

"You're just offsetting the greenhouse gas you emitted during sleep"

Yuki: what?...wait, are you saying I- ...No I don't!?

"No you don't, I'm just messing with you"

Yuki: Stop joking like this~! It's embarrassing!

She shake my shoulder

"Oh we're here"

Yuki: grrrr ...hmph!

I open the Japanese looking door to find a bunch of western food on a buffet bar. I'm obviously confused but on second thought, maybe it isn't that bad, to a long stay customers they might miss western good sometime. I wish I could have some Japanese food though...

"what, they have sandwich and salad In the morning? I thought it'd be Japanese food"

Yuki: Me too... Maybe it isn't that bad, I could have some pizza too

"No? who eat pizza in the morning? You're gonna upset your stomach"

Yuki: but I want pizza

"have some real... I haven't seen you eat any vegetables since 3 days ago"

Yuki: I had curry yesterday! It has carrots

"which you avoid when scooping from the pot... you're not a child! Eat some greens"

Yuki: ahhhh... ok... *sigh*

I and Yuki separate to find something to eat. I found this salad bar with juicy looking chicken breast and mozzarella fondue. I ended up chugging them into my bowl until it's full and look for Yuki. When I found her sitting on a table I walk to her. She's eating a surprisingly green meal, a bowl of salad with some tempura and a steamed egg. Her bowl look so green it make me feels like she think she's gonna upset me or something.

When I sit, Yuki look at me angrily.

"What?"

Yuki: that's not fair! You lecture me about vegetables and your bowl is like 40% cheese and 50% chicken breast!

"I... yeah... let's just swap bowl"

...reasonable crashout, really. I'm not gonna argue... I swap our bowl and let her eat mine. I have no word for how stupid I feel at this moment.

Yuki: hmph! Bleh

Ow, okay... she's mad

"can you still eat some tomatoes? Or lettuce"

Yuki: ...sure

I give her some vegetables. She's kind enough to give me some chicken and cheese. Honestly it's good, not just okay, it's actually good. The dressing is W and tempura is really tasty. Apparently Yuki agree with me and we ended up refilling until we're full. Yuki did try a salad bowl, I don't think she likes it that much but she didn't leave any greens. I'm so relieved she's eating vegetables.

Yuki: pwah~ I'm full~

"you eat a lot... am I packing enough food to school for you?"

Yuki: No you're packing just enough, I'm just a bit hungry today

"what did you get tapeworm today?"

Yuki: ...I really hope not

"sorry, shouldn't have said that... wanna take a walk outside?"

Yuki: Yeah! It look nice out there

Joking about tapeworm after eating raw fish yesterday is probably not the best move, it's also pretty rude to the hotel and Japanese culture when I think about it, sorry...

I try to change topic by offering a walk to digest a bit since Yuki doesn't so comfortable about the worm thing. Yuki nods but on the way out she tug my shirt

Yuki: Nii... can I um go to the bathroom first?

"eh? Didn't you just go this morning?"

Yuki: Umm... *wiggles feet around* I feel like I have to go... and I wanna be sure I won't get desperate while we're outside

Honestly? Yeah, I don't want her shifting from foot to foot while walking either, that's a bit cruel(yep its double standard to the girl in the fantasy world but they deserve it aright?)

"yeah sure, go ahead. I'll wait here"

Yuki: I'll be quick

She walk back out humming

"ready?"

Yuki: *Nods*

We walked out the hotel. There's a park outside but after a while we just decide to walk out to the road downhill to the town. It isn't that far since it only take about a minute for the car so it'll be around 5 to 10 minutes walk. On the way I feel some kind of power surge, I get this random urge to just run around for no reason.

"I wanna do jogging"

Yuki: I... sorry i can't.

"Oh yeah sorry, you didn't have bra do you?"

Yuki: what? No! Thankfully mom have a spare... I'm just too full for jogging.

"Ah, sorry... think about it I probably shouldn't jog either"

Yuki: エッチ 「pervert」

"sorry, alright? I don't know"

Yuki: ...fine, let's just walk

"yeah"

I feel a little like a pervert, thinking about her bra... guess she was always wearing it considering how comfortable she is walking around.

Move on from her breast, the view is great, I can see a little town down hill, the air is really great right now and the sun is perfect for vitamin D

Yuki: did you hear them chirping?

"the birds? yeah"

Yuki: they're so cute~~

"did you know most of the chirp are mating calls, basically the birds are shouting 'I'm horny!' And you called it cute lol"

Yuki: I don't think it's mating season yet and most of the time they're just communicating~

"Oh really?"

Yuki: umph, I learned it in biology class

"curriculum changed fast huh it's only been 3 or 4 years since I graduated from high school"

Yuki: are you sure you aren't just a pervert?

"my teacher really taught me this... well I'm not a ecology major"

Yuki: eh~

"though bird shouting 'fuck me!' would be funny' "

Yuki: *giggles* stop that~

"do you think it would be sunny like this at our house?"

Yuki: I'm not a weather forecast, search for it!

"Mom would love to do the laundry on a weather like this"

Yuki: ... think about it I haven't wash my clothes before we go out...

"is it going to dry in time tomorrow?"

Yuki: ...umm...

"Ahhh, I'll just put it in the dryer"

Yuki: no~! It's gonna smell and my friends gonna make fun of me~

"what? Is it really that much of a biggie?"

Yuki: you know how girls are!

...It's been casual so far but I should really make sure she's in the right group of friends... I'll wash and dry her uniform with magic when I got home for now.

"I'll make sure it look like it's been sun dry on the best place on earth"

Yuki: really? ...I'll be happy if you could do that

"I'm not washing your underwear though"

Yuki: wha- I- I'm not letting you wash it anyway!

We continue walking downhill, the air is so great I don't feel tried at all. We ended up walking to the town and the first thing I see is a convenient store across the road

"Ah! A convenient store"

Yuki: ...pudding!

"Yeah sure, I could have some as well"

I don't know if there is, but I don't see any desert at the hotel so a pudding would be nice. We went into the store and look for the pudding. I found the pudding but also the new one, our favorite brand of pudding got a new chocolate flavor.

"Did they had chocolate flavored one?"

Yuki: No? I've never seen this one before

"wanna try?"

Yuki: yeah yeah!

I've had chocolate puddings but not from this brand so it's very tempting. I check my pocket and put it in the basket.

On the way to the cashier Yuki walk away a little and came back with a peach juice

Yuki: I'm a bit thirsty, hehe

"sure..."

Cashier: that'll be $12.50 cash or credit?

"cash, thankyou"

Cashier: thanks for shopping

"uhm uh have a nice day"

God, why did I say that? I already said thankyou so I didn't know what to say and ended up wishing the dude a nice day... I hope he doesn't think it's weird... I quickly walk out the store

Yuki: can I have my pudding?

"eating while walking isn't quite polite"

Yuki: I care more about pudding... gimme!

"nah, you have to wait"

Yuki: Why?? This world is cruel...

She went for a drama bit and act like I just ended the world

"Actually It's because we doesn't have any spoon"

Yuki: I could suck it out of the packet- ...oh I see. Well, that's a bit embarrassing to do in public...

...

Yuki: why isn't there a spoon? don't they usually give you a spoon for puddings?

"maybe it's in the packet?"

Yuki: then I'd like to have it!

"Let's find a bench first"

We walk around looking for a bench, when I spotted one I grab Yuki hand and pull her there. We sit and I let her choose, she picked the vanilla one and bite the packet open

Yuki: Ah! Really! There's a spoon in the packet!

"I guess they change the packaging, they probably notice how many times you lost the spoon lol"

Yuki: haha *giggles*

I open myself the chocolate one. I wanna try it out and figure Yuki might wanna try some as well

"Uhmp, this is peak, it's better than other brands... umph really, I could taste the chocolate really well"

Yuki: what? Hey~! I wanna try some too!

Yuli reach into the plastic bag with 2 pudding left

"hey, you can't just eat 2 packet I one go!"

Yuki: but I wanna try the chocolate too~

"Here, you can have mine... just 1 cubic centimeters okay?"

Yuki: wha- haha, what?

"a spoon full would be a table spoon full, a bite would mean how much you could shove in your mouth,. Gotta be specific y'know"

Yuki: how about you decide? Aaaaaa~

"what?"

Yuki: feed me! I demand the pudding!

"whatever you say"

Yuki probably won't do the spoon thing... but the chance is never 0... jk, Letting me feed her is such a cute way to handle this, I gave her a spoon full because of this

Yuki: Umph! It's really good! C'mon, open your mouth

"what, I didn't ask for it though"

Yuki: you want it or not?

"Aaaaaaaa"

A pudding's a pudding. Can't refuse that

Yuki: haha, goodboy~

"whaaaaat?"

Yuki: ahahah just kidding

After we're done with the pudding we return to the hotel, We talked on the way but it's not that important. I checked my phone and it's already 10 almost half so we check on mom and dad. I start by knocking on the slide wall separating our room. And when they don't answer I get into their room through the bathroom

"Mom, Dad... why are you still in bed?"

Dad: What...? You two wake up early?

"You're joking right? It's 10:30"

Mom: daring... don't we have to check out at 12?

Dad: really?

...

Yuki: wake up!

"you two need to hurry, we're gonna be late"

Dag: *morning zombie noises*

"... Fine I'll go check out myself, you go help mom and dad pack their stuff"

Yuki: umph... daddy, mommy I'll make you a coffee... wake up already~

"revive them zombies, I'll go bring our stuff to the car"

I start by going into me and Yuki's side of the room, open the slide door to connect our side to mom and dad's side then pick up Yuki's stuff. I tried to get mine to the car too in one go as well but I just can't carry it all. I figured using magic in this hotel that have a lot of camera isn't a good idea so I'll just come back for it.

I do a couple round of carrying since Yuki have to take care of our parents, thankfully Yuki pack their stuff for me so I was able to just come in the room and take it to the car. I made sure there's nothing we forget and then I go to the lobby. The reception said we could only check out when we all left the room and come the the front table together so I return to our room. I check my phone a bunch because I worried about the time

"Yuki, it's 11:40 are they ready yet?"

Yuki: Dad is changing, We'll go out soon

"Hurry up"

I walk around, tapping my foot. I don't think the late penalty would be so bad but I don't wanna break any rule. It took dad a while to come out and we get ready to leave. I triple checked if we forget something and it seems that we're ready to leave. I walk them to the front table and return the key. The receptionist smiled

Receptionist: the bill is already paid upfront, thankyou for staying

I was relieved, we made it with 7 minutes to spare

"Haah... I thought we're going to check out late..."

...

Mom: Alex, can you drive?

Suddenly mom jumpscared me

"what? Why?"

Mom: dad doesn't look so good... I think he need some rest

Yuki: I'm sorry, I couldn't revive dad TT

"Oh..."

Dad look like he's just been resurrected from his grave, I doubt any amount of caffeine could fix that... he's so out of it bet he couldn't even get in the car by himself. I haven't drive for a while now, I rarely drive because I usually walk when I can and I doubt myself a little if my family's lives could be put on me. but when I think about it. I trust myself more than whatever dad is right now, he barely walk without falling asleep...

"Fine ...I'll drive"

Mom: I belive in you , Alex *serious face*

"Mom~ Don't jinx it~! ...I can drive okay?"

Mom: ahaha, just kidding

We walked to the car. Yuki help me pack our luggage into the car while mom take care of dad. When I'm ready Yuki tap on my shoulder

Yuki: Deep breath, I know you can drive, trust in yourself!

"don't tease me, I'm not that bad at driving~!"

Yuki: Ah- I'm sorry, I thought you'd be a bit anxious since you haven't drive for so long

"Dude, you're making me more anxious"

Yuki: I'll just sit then~

I start the car and start driving, firstly out of the parking lot

"think about it, don't Yuki also have driver license?"

Mom: she haven't done the test for the full license yet

Yuki: I didn't think I'd have to drive...

"so she's still intermediate?"

Yuki: umph!

"wait, Mom does have a license!"

Mom: Honey, trust me, internally I'm as much of a zombie as your dad

"Oh hell nah, you really milked dad dry last night"

Mom: ahahaha... opportunities doesn't come often~

Yuki: ///// Mom!

Mom: Alex, if you didn't know... little Yuki is blushing right now~

Yuki: Mama~!

"Thanks for the info I guess"

...

When we're on the road I hear Yuki bring out her phone and wireless earphones then there's just silence, Mom and Yuki knows I need focus and dad is asleep so it's just complete silence with Yuki occasionally laughing from memes

...

I use the way that take us through a bunch of farmland since I don't wanna drive in town and face that traffic chaos. Dad is completely out and I didn't hear anything from the back for a while

...

A while It really took quite a while for something to happen.

Mom: Alex, I think Yuki needs to pee

"what is this? A random event?"

Mom: She looks like she's been holding it in for a while now

Yuki: Mama!

"why won't you told me sooner?"

Yuki: I... I don't wanna distract you from the road...

"Now I'm more distracted... Uh, it's fine just saying"

Yuki: when can we stop at a gas station or something?

"Yuki, I'm so sorry to tell you I choose a path out of town... there's too much traffic"

Yuki: it's fine... I... I can hold it

It's a big skip I know but there's nothing happening in almost an hour I've been driving. That juice must have been processed already. I can't really look back so I don't know how desperate she is but I'll try my best to find a stop

...

Because the road is just a long straight path of asphalt in the middle of nature I can't find any sign of civilization other than dirt path branching from the road leading to someone's house. It's hopeless for Yuki.

...

Yuki: Ngghh... ahhh...haah hahhh... huff huff

"Mom, is she good? She's making some concerning sound back there"

Mom: I think she need to pee really bad...

Yuki: I... I can hold it

Mom: no you can't! It's not good for your bladder!

I try driving for a while but she sound so desperate and I can't help but pity. It's been almost an hour since she announced she has to pee

"I'm stopping, there's no way she makes it anywhere"

Yuki: No! I- I don't want to go outside! I- I can't

"Yuki, there's no clothes for you to change anymore, and you know you can make it 50 kilometers"

Yuki: F-Fifty!? ...B-But

Mom: Honey, it bad for your body to hold it in

Yuki: I can't do it outside I really can't!

"Mom, is there a bag back there?"

Mom: I searched, There's nothing. Alex, stop for your sister, I don't think she can wait anymore

"I'm finding a spot"

...

I try to find a spot she can run to and cover while she relieve herself but it's just field everywhere. I search for a while and Yuki's noise is killing me. It gave me a lot of anxiety for some reason

...

Yuki: I...I'm at my limit! I can't hold it anymore!!

"hold on, I found a bit of trees over there"

Yuki: I really can't wait! It's coming out!

I wanna turn around and take a peek at her bladder but I think I should better park the car before she wet herself

"I'll be fast, just hang on"

Yuki: I can't... Ah!

"don't do it"

Yuki: I'm trying!

I quickly park on the side of the road. The soil is too slippery for the car to brake and park but I use my magic to stop the car from moving so I was able to park

"c'mon, out"

Yuki: Ngghh...I can't take it anymore!

Yuki burst out of the car and bolt into the woods, both her hands jammed between her legs. I managed to look at her bladder and it's bursting, her pee was at the sphincter. She keep running so I shouted

"don't run too far!"

...

...

...

Yuki: Nii! HELP!!

She shouted, I haven't heard her genuinely shouting for a very long time so I leap in, using magic to propels myself into the woods, she went in really far. If it's snake or something I need to be fast. I keep accelerating until I found her

"what's wrong?"

Yuki: I can't- I can't take it off!!

"what?"

Yuki: I want to pee... M-My pants won't come off, Help!

She look at me crying. At this point she should just pee herself, I understand she doesn't wanna go bottomless on the car but her bladder look like a balloon that's ready to pop.

I get closer and immediately heal her bloating bladder. I have no idea she can hold this much without wetting herself. My boxers she's wearing is soak and there's a little wet spot on her jeans. I try to take it off, she clearly tried her best to desperately get this off but she can't unbutton her pants. Her hands shake a lot and she doesn't have enough strength to unbutton the jeans that's been stretched by her bulging bladder.

"I'll get it off, be still"

Yuki: nggh!

I power pull the pants to unbutton it but she keep shaking. She's clearly doing her best to not drenched herself and my hand right now

Yuki: I can't... I can't hold it anymore

"hold on"

Her bladder bulge get in the way so much. I also need to be really careful around the delicate thing. Her bladder also start contracting but she still continue hold it in

Yuki: Ahh! Don't! I can't- ugh... ah!

She starts to pee herself when I pull the waist of her jeans to unbutton it. I put too much pressure on her bladder I think. The wet spot on her crotch grows and her legs tense. She's clearly trying very hard to hold it in

Yuki: I'm so sorry, I can't- ah I can't

I successfully undo the damn button and let go of her pants

Yuki: no... I can't it's coming out! Ah I-I need to- Ah!

"AH"

Yuki: I'm so sorry! I can't- stop... anymore

She tense up and her pee start to burst out. She haven't took off her pants so her pee start to soak her pants. I walk away behind a nearby tree to give her some space. I hear rustle sound then her squatting down. At this point it's just damage control. I shouldn't be satisfied when I see my little sister peeing so I told her I'm gonna walk to the car and get her a towel or something. Then I walk to the car, of course I don't want to left her alone so I put a huge barrier around her and also beneath her

Mom: did Yuki pee herself?

"yes, do you have something to cover for her?"

Mom: I have some tissue and there's towels in the baggage...

I go to the back and open the trunk. I open Yuki's baggage and find a towel for her. Then I put everything back. I quickly walk back to Yuki, give her a little notice and walk to her. She was wearing the wet jeans.

"Here you go, Change"

Yuki: thankyou...

When she's done she call me. She was wearing a bunny towel as a makeshift skirt, holding her wet clothes. I put the wet jeans and boxer into a plastic bag.

She already embarrassed enough so I didn't give a comment about her pity state, instead I told her to go back to the car. There are these yellow stained tissue around, she probably use it to clean after herself, there's also a pile of pee freshly expelled from her bladder.

I can't help but admire it's sheer volume a bit. I splash it with my sneaker a little and move on to pick up the tissues. It isn't exactly "gross" but it's sure unsanitary so I made sure to wash my hand after picking them up. Then I return to the car

Mom: did you pee yourself?

Yuki: the botton got stuck and I can't hold it in anymore...

Mom: isn't it Alex's pants? Isn't Alex's waist way bigger than you?

"actually not really, hers only a bit smaller."

Mom: then how did it got stuck?

Yuki: umm...

"she was holding it in a lot so there's a bulge on her belly"

Yuki: Niichan! Stop! It's- It's embarrassing...

Mom: Alex? Did you watch your little sister pee?

"No? Yes? I don't know, I was helping her undo the botton and then... she wet herself"

Mom: I... I don't know what to say, Yuki, you need to stop holding your pee in. You almost pee yourself on the way here and now you held it in until your stomach was bulging?

Yuki: I don't... I don't want to... p-p...go outside

"You better listen to mom, look who's wearing a towel right now"

Yuki: I- ...ahhhh I wanna bury myself in the ground...

Mom: Yuki, I don't know what were you thinking but there's some point you need to worry about your body more than being embarrassed. If what Alex said is true it could be very dangerous...

"Mom, can we like. Discuss this later? She's already crying"

Mom: it's okay honey, we make mistakes sometimes. *pat*

"I'll just hit the road ok?"

Yuki: okay...

...

A bit more than 40 kilometers later we got to a gas station. I park there to let mom take care of Yuki's hygiene. Luckily there's no other car here. Mom take her outside and walk her to the toilet

Mom: Alex can you get me and dad coffee? I'll go get your little sister clean up in the lady's room.

"aright"

I decide to wake up dad, it's been almost 2 hours so he probably have all the rest he need

"Dad, get up... yo, hello? Dad"

*zap*

Dad: Ahhh! Goodness, Alex!

"good afternoon dad"

Dad: Oh no, we gotta check out!

"I already did"

Dad: What time is this?

*check* "almost 1 pm"

Dad: Uh huh... wait, Alex did you or mom drive?

"what? I did, why?"

Dad: Oh? That's my boy, I knew you can do it

"bruh, why do everyone surprised I can drive? I'm 21 not 18"

Dad: Boy I never seen you behind the wheel since you got your license

"Ahh... I get it okay? BTW mom want some coffee. Are you going with me?"

Dad: *yawn* Sure, could really use some caffeine.

We bought the coffee and sit on a bench near the car

Dad: where's mom? Yuki too

"long story short, Yuki pissed herself again and mom take the to the bathroom to clean up. Also don't Crack a joke at her she's a bit vulnerable rn"

Dad: got it *sip*

"I'm gonna go get Yuki some snack, anything?"

Dad: Alex, when's the last time I gave you money?

"idk, last week?"

Dad pull put his wallet and give me 2 $100 bills. He usually isn't home when I'm up so he rarely have a chance to give me money. Still $200 is like, damn. I'll take it, but like. Damn

"Thanks dad, are you sure you didn't sell drugs?"

Dad: this boy, Don't underestimate my salary... *whisper* don't tell mom okay?

"right..."

I walk to the convenient store and bought a bag of potato chips to cheer her up. Since there's no pudding. Then walk back to dad

"are Yuki and mom still not here?"

Dad: No, they came back but they went to a clothes store over there *point*

"I'll... just wait"

Dad: did your little sister just walk around with a towel like that?

"more like being drag around but I'm sure mom tie her a secure knot"

Dad: Oh yeah, Alex. You drive

"what why? You're already up"

Dad: I want to see you drive of course, are you scared?

"No?"

After a while mom and Yuki came back. Yuki got a white skirt with blue frils waving with the wind.

Mom: I got Yuki a new skirt

"wait, isn't she naked down there?"

Yuki: Nii!

Mom: it's fine, I got her a pair of panties. Also, don't ask something like that.

"aright, cute skirt BTW"

Yuki: you like it?

"umph, it's cute. Make sure you wear some safety short under there okay?"

Yuki: but it isn't that short?

"but like, you can never be sure right?"

Mom: I don't think it's that problematic

Dad: Alex got a point, it isn't that long either. Better be safe

Mom: really? I used to wear skirt like this and there isn't a problem

Dad: you were way more modest than y'know, Yuki

"Dad, she's right here..."

Yuki puff the cheek, clearly at dad's comment

"can we stop with the skirt already? Yuki, wear pants. OK?"

Yuki: fine... if you insist

"good girl. Oh, I also got you a snack"

Yuki: hmm? Nii, love you~! I promise I'll wear a safety short~

Dad: She's so predictable...

Mom: shhh!

...

Dad: Alex, can you park? I gotta piss

Mom: Darling!

Yuki: Dad!

*facepalm* "Dad, we were I a gas station just like a minute ago"

Dad: I forgot, ok?

"aright, fine"

I find an area where there's a bit of trees. Dad got out and start to pee very close to the car... why did I even find a place when he's gonna just pee like this... he's in our view. Yuki seems to mutter something

Yuki: Guys has it easy...

"can you not be controversial? You'd start an argument if you were on Twitter"

After a while Dad shake and come back in. The Mom and Yuki Ew at him audibly and give him a wet wipe.

...

Mom: Alex, got some snack for mommy?

"Ah... you didn't told me... Um, I think I got some salted peanuts in the pocket behind dad's seat, you can have it"

Mom: There it is. *crunch* you sure are mindful

Yuki: you got secret stash? *stole a piece from mom and crunch*

"I bought it in case you got hungry. Mom and daughter... crunching on peanuts...

Mom: was that suppose to be a dirty joke?

"huh? no no, Just thinking about you girls crunching sound from back there"

Dad: focus more on the road

"Dad, you like. Never focus on the road"

Dad: cuz I'm an expert 😎

Yuki: at least deny it... *crunch*

Dad: Yuki, give dad some

Mom: Hey!

"There's also one in the cabinet, if Yuki didn't already found it"

Dad: ...aha! Got it *sticks tongue to the girls*

"Dad, you're not a kid lol"

Dad: Alex, eyes on the road.

"Oh, sorry, I thought the road were empty so..."

Mom: Don't underestimate the road, there can be bumps or rocks or little animal so be careful.

"got it. Yuki, when will you go get a full license?"

Yuki: i don't know, I have a lot of work to do right now so maybe after I graduate...

...

Finally we're back home. It's 3 pm half sowe have some time before dinner

Dad: I'll take care of our stuff, you guys can go inside

Mom: *yawn* I'll go get a proper sleep...

"then I'll go make dinner"

Yuki: Nii~ my laundry~

"...right, I'll go take care of 'em"

Yuki: thanks! I'll cook the dinner~

I went to Yuki's room to take her laundry. I separate clothes and underwear and take just the clothes. If you're curious about her underwear it's just usual girls underwear, really. There's nothing erotic about her worn underwear. Also, this girl put socks in the laundry basket...

I take her laundry to the bathroom and start to blast it with water magic, I pull and push water around through her clothes and put in the cleaning solution. The kind my house use is all in one kinda solution so as long as it's normal clothes I just need to put it in the floating magical water blob. Then I blow dry the thing with magic. I made sure to heat them and give them that UV to give the clothes it's sun smell.

When I'm done with it I got out the bathroom, iron the thing with magic and put it in her closet. I walk out her room to lay on sofa a little then I see Yuki cooking in the kitchen. When she sees me she wave her hand and called me

Yuki: Ah! Nii, can you come taste the broth?

"aight"

The broth is good, yeah. It's smell very good and just right on the flavor. I smell and taste some raw vegetables maybe she just put some in but it's looking very good

"good, did you use a powder for it or"

Yuki: powder, and a bit of veggies and bones. I don't really have time to let it boil

"it's fine, I love it either way"

Yuki: wah~ i won't give you more even if sweet talk like that~

"haha"

I help Yuki prepare the meal, the table then call mom and dad for dinner.

Mom: kids, you're good at cooking as always

Dad: your meals really hit when they're not in a wrapper huh

Yuki: glad mommy and daddy have it while it's still warm today~

"you can wake me up to warm it~ actually I probably wouldn't be asleep since I'm playing games"

Mom: Alex, I come home midnight every day. You shouldn't be playing video games past 10pm

"Mom... I'm in college" TT

Mom: being in college doesn't mean you should hurt yourself

"yes mom..."

...

"Yuki, is there fish in this?"

Yuki: yes, do you like it?

"I mean... it's not terrible"

Mom: Aww, don't be a tsun tsun

"...okay, I like the meal..."

Yuki: haha, I think dad likes it

Dad is busy shoving the meal into his mouth, no wonder why he's so quiet lol

*END*


