Omorashi with magic(rework)

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*012*2024-09-19 17:43

Chapter 10: sin of lust

I wake up on the mattress with loud noise of banging on the wooden window.

I looked around but I can't find Julia. I panicked a little fearing Julia might have abandoned me. I check around the room but she's gone, There's only a note on the door.

However eventhough i can understand this side language but I cannot read them, I tried to read but the banging noise was getting on my nerves. So I shoved the window open to scare whatever banging it. But then I recognized a familiar torn pink dress.

Ivy: master! I need to pee!

"Huh?"

Ivy is levitating outside the window with her hands shoved between her legs. Holding her pee in.

"what's going on?"

Ivy: you need to let me pee! I can't hold it anymore!

"why do you need my permission to pee?"

Ivy: last time you order me to hold my pee in, so if you don't cancel the order I can't pee!

"why would I do that?"

Ivy: my bladder is going to explode and I'm gonna die! Please!

"With this much kill you probably deserve every death known"

Ivy: I'm sorry... but if I die, I wouldn't be able to make up for my sin! I'll make it up! Just let me pee and I'll... Hahn~ p-pee...

"Okay, Come down"

Ivy complied and descends down onto the floor of Julia's room, of course I turn on my x-ray vision and check her bladder out. It's pressurized with pee she've been holding since last time but none managed to leak since it's an order. I wonder how she slept while her bladder's full?

Ivy: master... the toilet...

Ivy hurriedly reminds me of her desperate need before I fell into a deep thought.

"before that, read this note for me" point at Julia's note

Ivy: nggh... to Mr. Hero, I have left early to report our experience in the last demon war at the Yaha. I have left you 3 gold under you bed, forgive my lack of wealth but that's all I have. I will be home at noon -from Julia doldora

"I see, so we're together until noon"

Ivy: master, I really really have to pee... can I use the toilet now?

"go into the bathroom"

Ivy: yes sir...

"take off your underwear"

Ivy: nggh... haah...

"bunch up your dress and sit on the toilet"

Ivy: allow me, let me pee!

"hold it in"

Ivy: I knew it! You pee fetish bastard! ...I-I take that back, please don't hurt me...

"Push on your bladder"

Ivy is shocked by the order. Did I just tell her to push her distended bladder down? It would be torturous to play with her sensitive urine container like that, she tried to stop her hand but there's noting she can do against order

Ivy: forgive me! That's not what I meant! Don't make me do this!

Ivy try to stop but her hand doesn't. She can only brace herself for what is to comes. Her right hand dig it's thumb into the bladder bulge, Ivy screamed but the other hand is keeping her mouth shut. Her legs curl up and shrivel to cope with her bursting bladder being compress.

Ivy: ugh hggugh Ahhhh!! Master! I want to pee! Ahhhh!!!

"harder"

Ivy: nonono arghhhh!!! My bladder's gonna explode! Master!!

I see her bladder stretching while getting squished around by its owner's hand. If it has a feeling it must be cursing at its owner's ungratefulness

I still would like to make her hold more so I didn't said anything.

"put up your underwear"

Ivy: But I haven't pee yet... I can't take it anymore!!!

"I can't just let you use Julia's toilet, you'll have to piss outside"

Ivy: I won't make it, my bladder's already... it's stretching so bad I can feels every drop of pee in it!

"I can't let you walk around like this either, act like a normal girl as if you have no urine in your bladder, this is order"

Ivy: Yes Master! Where should we go? The forest?

"we should visit Julia first, shall we? Oh right, your bladder won't be able to stand it"

Ivy have no choice but to do what I said and suppress her urge.

She acted like a normal girl despite her bladder bulging out. I tease her a little before I go outside. Where I see the dog lady from yesterday again and greet her

Dog lady: Ah! You from yesterday. I've heard your legend~ thanks Mr. hero

"it's my pleasure, My name is Alex. I might stay here for a while, figure I should introduce myself"

Dog lady: Nice to meet you mister Alex~ my name is Anna yofuma. The girl behind your back is?

I stumbled around trying to find explanation

"she's um... my friend, Ivy"

Ms Anna: Nice to meet you Ivy~

Ivy: N- Nice to meet you, miss Anna...

Ivy greet Ms Anna with no sign of what's happening inside her full bladder. She continued to store her waste liquid into her... oh, there's no room to fit.

I take her out to walk, until I notice it starts to become dangerous with bladder wall stretch as thin as a few millimeters. I walk her out the town.

While we walked through the forest Ivy suddenly tug on my shirt.

When she bend down to ease her urge, she felt a sharp pain like someone stabbed her in the bladder. She know her container Har just broke

Ivy: Master, I believe my bladder has just ruptured...

"really? Oh..."

Ivy: If it wasn't for you and your stupid time buying I wouldn't be dying like this!

"what you mean dying, I can just heal your bladder back"

Ivy: what? Nonono not the healing magic, it'll burn, No!!!

Her bladder really ruptured due to hypertension, So I have to repair it. She is very scared because she probably burns in devine magic. but I my healing doesn't come from God's, so her bladder is repaired without a problem.

Ivy: what happened? I didn't burn?

"my healing is not sacred, I don't even know gods here"

I saved her from blood poisoning and infection but she didn't seems happy. Maybe because that made her be subjected to the overloaded bladder again.

Her bladder is holding so much urine it's actively pushing other organs out the way and make a huge bulge above her crotch, she continued to hold her pee walking seemingly endlessly to her without hope to relieve her dying need for urination

Ivy: it hurts, my bladder hurts... I want to die...

Die? Last time she still ask for mercy and now... I guess she's in so much pain she think it's better to die?

I don't like that... what I like is desperation not the pain so I'm gonna fix that

"should have just told me"

Ivy: ?! Ah ah ah! pee! I want to pee! My bladder feels so tight! I want to let it out!

"No, not right now"

I fix the problem by messing with her nerves and make all pain receptor sends desperation signals instead. The result is her pain ease and her urge to pee sky rocketed.

Her posture changed from almost crawling in the agony into fidgeting around desperate to let her urine be free.

"Master, you like pee right? I'll let you watch, I'll pee on you, I'll pee like a dog, I'll do anything. Let me do it please!

"if I wanted to I can just order you though..."

Ivy: Ahhhhh, just let me pee!

"Let's go deeper, you don't wanna be seen by wandering adventurers are do You?"

Ivy: At this points, I'll happily pee in the middle of the town square if I get to relieve my bladder...

"Nope, you're doing it like a lady"

Ivy: hah, it's ironic how you're acting nothing like gentleman

"Oh? Good comeback I see, but do you know? I'm holding back... squat down."

Ivy: I'm sorry! It's a bad habit! My mouth go on its own!

"Ok sure, you can pee now... only on my right hand"

I thought it was going to be easy waving my hand around and let her chase it around like a pet chasing a toy but oh man, how wrong am I

Never once in my life have I been this startled, she lunges to my face so fast I could say she teleported, pin me down to the ground then start pissing on my hand without even taking her panties off.

Have you ever pour water on your hand? I guess that's how you probably imagined a girl pee on your hand feels, but this is not the case. It's like being sprayed with a warm water in summer from a pressurized hose.

Can I fight back? Yep, I have half of her strength plus mine. Should I do it? Nah, girl is having the best piss of her life. Ivy huffs and moans under her breath while unleashing her bladder contents on my hand. Her pussy is just barely above my right hand to pee on it so I reach my fingers up a little to touch it and tease her a little.

I can feels her puffy vulva under her drenched panties fabric. Her reaction was to jolts her hip upward just as much so I can't touch her private part, other than that she just keep peeing.

Her demon body seems to be able to hold much more than human could ever have. After a solid 2 minutes her stream calm down into a trickle then it stopped.

Ivy: haah that was the greatest relief I ever felt~ ...Master?

"I'm good... just go"

Ivy: won't you bring me back to your place?

"I can't just walk a wet demon around, and that apartment is not mine. This evening I'm gonna rent the room next to it, so just come when I'm there"

I fix her torn dress, clean her up, heal her bladder and let her fly away. Then I just walk back to Nora.

When I'm back at Julia's apartment I go to get the gold coin Julia gave me and prepare to go to the Yaha. The building I get Jamar, the cloth thingy that tell the soldiers I'm on their side. I think it's kinda like knights office or something like that

When I put the money in my pocket i heard a knock on the door.

Anna: Mr. Hero, are you in there?

"yeah, I'm here"

When I Open the door Ms Anna come in and proceed to lock the door I just opened and greed me with a sexy short skirt dress and a freaky smile. despite it being just a white dress her posture makes me wonder if she is wearing anything under it.

Before I could say anything Ms Anna shocked me

Anna: can I pee on you?

"Ms Anna?"

Anna: you know? I haven't use the restroom since you departed, my bladder is packed~

"What!?"

Anna: Ahhn~ my bladder's full, May I empty it on you, Mr hero?~

"what is going on!?"

Anna: You like this, don't you? C'mon look at my belly~ don't you like it when my bladder is pat pat this full?~

She proceeded to run her hand down from her chest, along her belly and stop just above the crotch of her skirt then pat down on where I assume is her bladder.

"I don't know what you're talking about, Ms Anna. Really!"

Anna: But it's ready to come out~~ don't you wanna have some fun with it until I burst? I won't tell anyone, oh shy boy~

I look around in panic, trying to find what the fuck is going on and then I see Ivy out the window, smiling suspiciously

"Y-Y-You You know Ivy, didn't you!? Don't come near me with that gaze! No!?"

She pinned me on the bed and sit on my legs just so her wedge is pressed on my dick. Though it have 3 or 2 if she didn't wear panties layers of fabric in between I can still feel my buddy getting squeeze between her pussy

Anna: It's ready to come out~ don't you wanna control it boy? Don't you want to take control of my piss filled bladder?

"What the fuck Ivy? Why is she trying to seduce me!?"

I turn my head and yelled at the mastermind who planned this situation but Ms Anna use her hand to tilt my head back to face her

Anna: Oh, don't be so cold. I'm on top of you, look at me.

Then she proceeds to leak a little on my dick

"my- my... //"

I was flustered from her behavior and the little piss patch on my pants. But I decided to try gain the control back.

Anna: Oh? My pussy is telling me there's something hard poking her lips, do you happen to know what is it~?

"ahh, that would by my buddy waiting to poke into a girl with bigggg bladder"

Anna: haah~ is my bladder big enough?

"I have to see"

Anna: Ah, it's coming out! Mr Hero, I'm leaking!

"Tch, is that how you wanna play? Hold it in!"

Anna: But! But my bladder is bursting!

I turn on my x-ray vision and look at her bladder to find that it's barely full, she just act it out. I feel kinda disappointed but given the little time I walk Ivy to piss it wouldn't fill that much.

The fact pull me out of my fantasy and make me think of the situation more critically. I figure Ivy is mind controlling her or Ms Anna is also a demon and is under Ivy's command. Either way I'm not gonna fall for her plan

"don't fake it, it's turning me off. Besides don't pee on Julia's bed"

Anna: ...you sure adapted fast...

"I hate fake feelings, since you want to seduce me so bad, how about you go drink some water and come back when you really feel it? Then maybe you can continue your stupid plan"

Anna: hmph, you're gonna be drenched when I'm back!

"I'd like to see you try"

Look at the reaction she gave me plus her actions. I concluded Ms Anna is just a pervert demon.

I watched Anna leaves the room then I turn to Ivy and give her a "punishment" for this situation.

"Ivy, drink a lot of water and hold your pee until I'm back"

Ivy: I'm in trouble...

I grab the coins and went out immediately, disappointed at them. I clean the patch of pee Anna has left on me and went down stairs to the lobby, asking where is the Yaha Julia went to. The answer they gave me was to turn right when I'm out the door and go straight down the path until I see the building with teal roof and armed soldier guarding the entrance. I thanked them and go

I follow the directions given and it leads me through the lively streets of Nora to the building I've been looking for, a building with teal roof and armed soldier guarding the entrance. This must be Yaha

Yaha

I walk up to the building and try to go in but the guards ask for my ID when I tell them i don't have one, they warn me not to come close or I'll be in trouble.

I feels offended, but they're just doing their job and I don't wanna trouble Julia inside so I'll just wait. Counting horse carriages passes by in the mean time. After a while I feel so bored I decided to create a water ball and throw it against the wall. The guards yelled at me to stop, but after the ball does nothing and just bounced back. They get that I'm just bored.

I waited a long while until finally a pretty cat girl walk out the entrance of The building, it was Julia.

I went straight to greet her

"hey, Julia~"

Julia: Oh, hi! Mister... um uh... hero?

"My name is Alex, just call me Alex"

Julia: sorry, Alex... I don't remember your name

"I don't remember telling you either, so it's not your fault. What were you doing?"

Julia: I was filling out forms and interviewed about our participation in the war

"you been gone for like from 5 am and you just finished?"

Julia: they ask me a lot...

"it was about me wasn't it?"

Julia: ...ahhh... not it's not like they view you in a bad way....

"I'm not that sensitive, just tell me"

Julia: they- they were... you need to know we don't have a lot of visitors okay?

"uh huh"

Julia: they wanted to investigate you...

"ahhh, I see"

Julia: it's all fine now, I did the paperwork and you just need to report to the town office... are you okay with that?

"sure, let's go"

I heard the deal, she did all this work for it to be this easy for me. All I have to do is going to the town office, I don't wanna trouble her more and that’s the least I can do. So I let Julia guide me there.

On the way I smell a very nice scent of cooked meat and spice, then I heard Julia sniff and her stomach growl.

Wait, she left since when I was still sleeping and that's like 6 in the morning, did she eat?

"Have you eaten something? Don't tell me you didn't eat since morning"

Julia: don't worry, I have some porridge this morning.

"are you hungry?"

Julia: um... we should rather hurry, I don't think it's good to have the mayor waiting.

"I don't think it's good to starve either, we're going to somewhere with food"

Julia: But-

"What would you do if I say I'm hungry?"

Julia: go to the market...

"then let's go grab some food first"

I don't know why she puts me before herself and the mayor but at least that make her listen to me. She need to have some meal or I'll be to blame. I have no idea if she's actualy older than me or not but my big brother instinct won't forgive me if she starves.

I thought it would be much closer guessing from the smell turns out it's actually mildly time consuming to walk to but at last we're at the market filled with food vendors. The food smell is so overwhelmingly good I'd actually drool.

"What do you want to eat?"

Julia: I mean I can't eat but if you're looking for recommendations-

"the fuck you mean you can't eat?"

Julia's ears flatten and her tail curled around her legs, she closed her eyes like she's ready to take a blow. People around me gasp as I said the F word.

I forgot people here don't swear often. so now they think I'm in so much rage and going to hit this poor cat girl.

"I'm not angry! I'm not angry! I'm sorry, I don't mean it. I forgot it's not normal here"

I explain myself while trying to be as less threatening as possible. People sigh out of relief and continue their doing. Then Julia Open one of her eye and see if I'm hitting her, which I'm not.

"Sorry, I was just wondering why you can't eat"

Julia: so no angry?

"no angry"

Julia: I don't have money...

"but you give me-"

...

"when you me give money I don't expect you to give me ALL your money!"

Julia: But- but that's what I can offer...

"No! I'm not taking it!"

Julia: B- But... do you want me as your wife instead?

"huh? Whattttt!?"

Julia: when- when a warrior saves a girl that's what she could offer... I- I'm not ready... but if you wanted to...

Julia blushes and poking her fingers together, then I realized she wasn't joking. She can be my wife I wanted to!? That's how much my authority I hold?

"I mean it's not a bad offer, but I mean I'm not taking any of your stuff!"

Julia: not a bad offer... blushes

"we're eating! we're eating! Where should we go?"

Julia: Ahhh! Sorry! ...should we buy from street vendors? Like on-stick food?

"on stick food?"

Julia: yes, you can eat while walking, so it won't take much time compare to a restaurant... or we could get fruit...

I was trying hard not to laugh but then I remembered, There's no cup or plastic bag to carry food in this world yet... It's start making sense and I apologize to her in my mind.

"Let's go with on-stick food, what do you like?"

Julia: I like chicken kemwan stick, it's easy to make on stick too so it's easy to find.

"kemwan stick?"

Julia: it's a stick version of traditional kemwan, a dish made with meats, vegetables and gar sauce. It's sweet, salty and smell very nice.

"gar?"

Julia: it's a very very nice smelling fruit.

"yeah, why not? Let's find it"

Julia leads me through the crowded market, it's kinda very very hot so I use my magic to make a cold breeze to blows through the market. When it comes, lot's of people sigh of relief. We keep searching for a while until Julia finds it. It's a market stall with doggy uncle as the vendor.

The food on the grill and plate are meats and vegetables skewered on a wood stick. It look a lot like barbecue which I see everywhere. I guess it's a popular food but Julia like chicken kemwan at this stall specifically.

I give back all the gold coins she gave me and tell her to buy for herself and I. She comes back after little while with like, 10 of them in each hands. Then she proceeds to feed me one

Julia: here's, aaaa~

"Bites, uhmm! Hat's hevy hoot! [That's very good]"

It's so good I'll tell you, it's like barbecue but more sweet and fruity, I don't know about gar but it's sure a delicious fruit.

She hand me half of them and I fucking devoured it. I shove one after another into my mouth untill it's all gone and I'm left with a bunch of sticks. Julia tells me to throw it in fire place at the town office since it's burnable.

I ask her if that would be rude and she answered "giving someone heat isn't rude" I now know how positive these people view is.

We keep walking and It turns out shoving the kemwan sticks in one go wasn't the best of ideas, now my throat feels all dry up...

"Do we have water? It's kinda salty and make me dehydrated"

Julia: I'm sorry, we should have go to a restaurant...

"what? No! I mean it's great. I just want to drink water"

Julia: we need to either go into a restaurant or to a well for that...

"There's no water vendors?"

Julia: No? Washing a cup is too much work for a vendor...

"Glass?"

Julia: isn't that for vine? It's expensive...

"right, let me just..."

I use my magic to collect and condense the water vapor in the air into water and drink it

Julia: No! You can't drink water from magic!

"why not?"

Julia: it's just gonna give you false sense of hydration and turn back into mana inside your body!

"Oh, my water is real, don't worry"

Julia: is that so? Then fine... just tell me if you feel sick, okay?

I don't think she understands but she either trust me or seen enough of my nonsense she just let it go.

After I was hydrated I continue following Julia's lead to the town office.

Town office

Julia: here it is, The town office.

"so we just go in?"

Julia: Nods

I go through the giant front door and stop to throw my stick into the fire place, it quickly burn into ashes and it really hit me. These people is so positive, it didn't actually give off that much warmth, it's just a way they view the action. Rather than view us as rude and careless they look at the positive part. I was humbled how different our society is.

Enough with the compliment. Anyways, Julia go to ask the lady at the counter where the mayor is. When she's done she return to me and ask me to follow her, She was very polite. I did follow her and then we arrived at the mayor office.

He look at us and smile

Mayor: Please sit down, It's nice to see you Ms Julia and Mr...

Julia: Alex, sir. His name is Alex.

Mayor: greeting Mr Alex, it is a honor to meet our war hero. Reach out

Shake hands "nice to meet you to Mr Mayor"

Mayor: Oh, didn't know you have my name, haha!

I'm confused, I don't know his name? What is he onto? I look at Julia and she whisper the explanation

Julia: His name is "Mayor clifht"

"I apologize, Mayor means mayor in my language"

Mayor: it's fine, now shall we make you an ID?

"Oh, that's nice. I thought you're going to interrogate me or something"

Mayor: Why would we do that? The defeat of demon army already show enough evidence, You're a good person!

"what if I'm just benefiting on you guys with the title hero?"

Mayor: even if that's not as heroic, you still saved our life nevertheless! What make you think we're gonna interrogate our savior like a criminal?

"I remember someone told Julia they wanted to interrogate me..."

Mayor: our folks may sometimes be xenophobic, but It's just cause they like Nora. I apologize on their behalf

"OK..."

Mayor: Ahem, let's make you a certified civilian shall we?

Xenophobic? Yeah, definitely something to expect. Nora civilians are very positive. If someone come and take advantage of them I would be mad too.

Mayor lead me to a room where I was placed on a table with someone who draw me while I need to write my personal information, which I obviously can't do since I can't read this side's language yet. I ask if Julia could write it for me, They don't have a problem with that so Julia start asking me the question and write down my answer. Luckily there were no awkward questions.

When it's all done the staff take the paper away, then the mayor speak

Mayor: Now let's get you a chest of gold... here!

"Oh thanks. just to make sure, you didn't give me like... all you money, right?"

I glance at Julia who's blushing out of embarrassment over her overgenerous actions.

Mayor: Oh Mr Alex, the town needs money to run. This is what you save us in damages. We saved these money to repair the town If it got destroyed, but since you save us from that whose money shall it be if it wasn't yours? haha!

Inside the chest there're thousands of gold coins. I got overwhelmed by the amount of money and look like Julia has the same reaction.

Honestly, I don't want it. I don't wanna be millionaire at the start of my journey, it's not fun. And what if they're another threat to Nora? What money would they use to recover from that if I take all of this?

"Julia, how much a gold coin worth in food?"

Julia: what? Um uhhh,I'm bad at thinking numbers...

"How much do you eat per day in terms of money?"

Julia: 40 to 60 copper... maybe 20 if i eat only rice...

"20 isn't divisible by three, how many meals do you eat each day?"

Julia: 2 breakfast and dinner... what's wrong? You eat three?

"yeah?"

I'm about to scold her out of my brother instinct but remember due to her job's nature, she probably be out in the wild at noon. So I just accepted it

"Anyway, how much copper coins is a gold coin?"

Julia: uhhhh, 10×10×10×10×10×10... one million?

"so you can live for almost 3 years while spending 1000 coppers a day?"

Julia: I- I can't think that much number...

"this is way too much to be comfortable sleeping at night..."

Julia: we don't have a lot of crime here...

"can I like, give you ten and give away the rest to the dead soldiers family?"

Julia: t-that's so kind of you, yes you can. I don't have control over your money...

I was also bothered by the guilt. Maybe if I act faster some of them wouldn't have died. So at least I could do is make sure their family can afford to live without them providing. So I decided to give this money to the dead soldiers's family.

I reach into the chest and pull out 20 gold coins. Ten for me ten for Julia.

"Mayor, I'll take just this. Give the rest to the fallen soldiers's family and keep the rest to protect the town"

Mayor: ...that's generous of you... Sure! I'll make sure they live a comfortable life and improve this town!⁵

"Deal, Then me and Julia are going home"

Mayor: Hope you'll be safe

We leave the town office and start walking back to the apartments building. On the way I decided to bring up the question I've been thinking of for a while since last night

"Hey, By the way last night you said you don't know what pads are, right?"

Julia: ah sorry, last night I was very embarrassed. they're the thick pieces of leather soldiers wears under their armor, right? I do not own them

"No, I mean the one you wear on your period"

Julia: period? What period? My time? I don't understand...

"uhhh, the time when you blood comes out from your vagina?"

Julia: that's terrifying! I've never experienced such horrible curse... I would bleed to death!

"You don't? ...Well it's not a curse, every mature girl in my world go through it every month. They experience pain in their abdomen, fluctuate emotions and the bleeding"

Julia: I do experience mood swings every month... other than that is just nightmarish... they are so tough able to going through that...

"it's part of their reproductive system. yeah I agree, my little sister is tough going through that every month"

Julia: do you bleed too?

"no, I don't. I don't think I even capable"

Julia: why?

"there're like blood clots also and I don't think it can fit through- wait...Julia, have you ever seen a penis?"

Julia: blushes eeeeh!? huh!? I- I've never seen one before...

Well that explains a lot...

"not even your dad's?"

Julia: n-no

"wanna see mine?"

Julia: haaah!?

"just kidding"

Julia: I thought you're gonna...

She has such legit reaction I think she actually belive me. Maybe this is not a great joke to these people...

"If there's no pads to hide, Then what make you embarrassed when I try to open your closet?"

Julia: blushes m-my underwear...

"oh, that's right"

Just like that? I'm struggling to find where the lines is...

Anyway we made it to Julia's apartment building or Tuma as Julia calls it. I don't wanna bother her room again and wanna have a bed of my own now that I have money, so I ask Julia to help me rent a room.

Julia Nodded and walk to the counter

Receptionist: hello, how can I help you?

Julia: I'm looking to rent a room for this person

"It'd be great if it's near Julia's"

Receptionist: how comes? did you guys fight?

"no, we're not. I just wanna have my own room and not bother her"

Receptionist: that'll be 2 iron per night- what?

"a month please"

I pull out one of the gold coins I just got from the mayor and put it on the counter. Julia and the receptionist seems surprised by my action, then Julia shake my arm and speak to me like I'm a toddler

Julia: No! You can't just give her a gold coin! It's hard to get the changes!

"sorry, I only have gold coins..."

Receptionist: it's fine, it's fine. I have the changes.

"and two dinner also"

Receptionist: that'll be 60 iron and 60 copper... here is your key and changes

She took my gold coins and give me the key, she turns back and take a long time finding changes. Then she turns back and give me a huge bag of coins which I assume is 9 big silver 9 silver 9 big iron 39 iron and 4 big copper by my academic calculations.

After we're done Julia turn to me with desperate looks

Julia: I'll go use the bathroom in my room first, is that okay?

"No"

Julia: But I have to pee...

"I'm just joking. go, before you hurt your bladder again"

Julia: it's not that bad yet... if you have anything to say-

Her bladder is full, she try to act normal but her tail was curling around her left thigh hugging it tightly. Her body language all tell me she's in a pinch, I don't want to tease her too much and make her associate me with her pee desperation so I'll let her go this time

"I have nothing to say and I'm not your boss to listen, just do yourself a favor and go pee"

Julia: okay...

"Let's meet again when we're done bathing shall we?"

Julia: fidgets sure

Then Julia went up the stairs to her room followed by me. She walk normally to not rush me but her curling tail tighten around her thigh as she walk. In response I walk faster so she won't have to worry about me.

When we're outside of our respective apartments. despite her full bladder wanting to be releases, Julia proceeds to stop qnd tell me to notify her anytime if there's a problem. Then she go inside her apartment. I wanted to be less of a creep but in the end I can't stop myself and spy on her

I see her desperately trying to put everything down and remove her clothing, Then she sit on the toilet and take a deep breath multiple time before she calm enough to pee. When she's done, I sighed and stop watching her doing her business.

I go to adjust the room to my liking. I sit on the bed and relaxed for a while until there's a knock on my door.

I opened to find the same dog girl from this morning, It was Anna.

Anna: Alex~ where have you been? You think you could escape?

She knows my name now...

Anna: you know how long I've been holding it in, waiting for you to come back?

"you haven't peed? ...for 6 hours?"

Anna: You bad bad boy making me wait this long, c'mon~ be still and let this dog mark her master~

Ah, I see. She's still determined to pee on me. I wanted check but her lower abdomen where her bladder is is poking out showing enough already.

She proceeds to rubs on the bulge and pad it, showing off her big bladder before speaking to me again

Anna: my bladder is all tighty now... Don't you wonder how long can this girl last?~

"I do~ good girl don't pee right?"

Anna: yes master~ I've been holding it in since you left~

Since she has done as told I'll just go her way and play this game. I want to make her hold her pee till the very last second so I'll just make it clear what I wanted

"Good girl hold it in"

Anna: But it's ready master~ my bladder is telling me it's time to mark my territory~~♡

"Oh? This bladder?"

Pushes

Anna: hyangh!♡ Master~ don't treat it so roughly.

"after all it's been keeping all your pee in right?"

Anna: It's coming out master~

"oh no~ a good girl hold it in, don't you wanna be a good girl?"

Anna: I do master, I do!

She's pretty good at playing both bottom and top I'd say. She can both suppress me with her strength and be gentle and listening when I wanted

Anna: what can I do to put your meat in me, Master?♡

"Oh? You want this? How about you hold it in some more and let me poke your bladder from your vag?"

Anna: I'll do anything for you master~

...A-

The familiar magic circle appears on Anna's neck and collapse into a collar. Hah, that's strange. I wonder what this could be lol~

Ivy shove herself through the window and yell at Anna for her carelessness that failed their plan

Ivy: Anna you stupid dog! Didn't I just tell you to-

"rookies"

Anna: Master?

"Ivy, I told you to hold it in a lot right?"

Ivy: I'm gonna be able to pee once the plan success if it wasn't for this stupid dog!!

Anna: master~ Ivy blame me for her mistakes~

Ivy: Hey! Don't ask enemy for help!

"Both of you, sit immediately"

Them: yes sir

"care to explain this "plan" to me?"

Ivy: first can I go to the toilet? Squirm

"no"

Anna: hah! good girl hold it in!

Ivy: you fucking-

"Ivy, shut up or I'll make you hold it in until tomorrow"

Ivy: why am I the one who get bullied? ...Hmph! whatever!

"Anna, what did your guys plan to do?"

Anna: When I see master with Ivy this morning, I see her bladder reaaally big. So I think master like big bladder girl, so I hold my pee for master~♡

"why me?"

Anna: master smell reaaally good, that's why

"huh?"

Ivy: she means your mana, she smells mana from you.

"So why were you trying to smash me?"

Anna: Ivy tell me to make master cry for mercy, telling me Master will give up everything for me

"ahh, so that's why. Do you really like me for real or just doing what your boss said?"

Ivy: I'm not her boss... we're on the same rank...

Anna: Master's smell make me feels itchy in certain place~

"so what's your ability then?"

Anna: when I make babies with someone I get their mana~!

"that's... fitting I guess"

Anna: if Ivy didn't get in the way I would have got master's cu- mana* hehe~

Ivy: shut up you lustfull creature!

Anna: I'm the sin of lust after all~♡

"wait, if Anna is the sin of lust so what are you? Sin of stupidity?"

Ivy: You- Fucking insolent Bastard! I'm gonna rip your head-

"I'm gonna make you tear yourself into millions of pieces and feed your own fragments to cows"

Ivy: I'm sorry, please don't....

Anna: master, that's cruel...

"Jeez, I'm just joking! So which sin are you exactly?"

Ivy: S-sloth...

"yeah.. guess from your ability that's probably it"

Ivy: please don't hurt me...

"I'm sorry, OK? I don't mean it! I thought with that attitude you'd be able to take it well"

Ivy: I-It's different when you are capable to do that...

"I swear it's just an empty thread, Just move on okay?"

Ivy: Nods

I feels like I'm like a monster in Ivy's eyes and that doesn't bring me joy. I kinda feel bad saying that. But like, how could I know she'd be all shaking terrified like this?

Before I fell into the bad thoughts, Anna pull me out. I don't know if she knows what I think about or it's just a good timing. But she saved me from having a mental crisis.

Anna: Master, pee...

"you two just go use my bathroom, I'm not in the mood anymore"

Anna: are you going to watch?

"Anna, act more like just a needy girl and not pet sex slave please"

Anna: Master like that more?

"Honestly you're so committed it's kinda take away the fun. Is this your real self? If not, be yourself. it's not the same if you're acting"

Anna: I just want my partner in bed to be happy...

"that's sweet (if not considering the part she basically kill them by having sex) but I want you to be yourself, not what you think I wanted you to be"

Anna: I understand... but I didn't lie when I said I want to do it with you. Know that, okay?

"next time"

I turned to Ivy who's gripping her crotch and sit on the floor. Wondering where would she go that now her title have been stripped away

"so where are you going to sleep, Ivy?"

Ivy: Lust's room...

Anna: I'm gonna take your virginity Sloth~!

Ivy: please don't

Honestly, with her personality I've seen so far. I couldn't tell if she's serious or not

"You good with girls too?"

Anna: I'm fine with them too yes, but this time I was just joking

"Why you two call each other by sin?"

Ivy: it's more comfortable for me...

Anna: Miss Ivary is kinda...

"just call each other Ivy and Anna or something?"

Ivy: we're not close... actually. You just casually start calling me that but if the other sin refer to me with that name... it's gonna be embarrassing

Anna: I'm fine either way. But I prefer being called a good girl too

"When I think about it, isn't that racist?"

Anna: some would be offended, yes. but I actually do enjoy being called a good girl~

"okay, we should stop talking before Ivy burst her bladder. You two are dismissed"

They got up and rush to the bathroom. I just turn around and sit on my bed

Not a moment can I relax, I hear Ivy screaming from the bathroom. When I went to check on them, I see Ivy trying to close the door and Anna shoving herself halfway through the door.

Ivy: master! Anna is teasing me!

Anna: I need to pee too!!

"Anna, just let her pee"

Anna: um! Yes sir!

Anna get out from between the door and stand up straight like a soldier, it was funny. She then wait for a while until she can't. Anna can't keep her her calm any more and start walking in circle in front of the bathroom. Just like I told, She did drink some water and hold it in and I think she have been holding for too long.

Her bladder is keeping too much pee in beyond the safe level, it's bulging and leaking into her urethra tube. Her tail wags around in desperation... or excitement, I can't tell... her lower body twisting and curling to compensate for the pressure in her reservoir.

"How about you go use the toilet in your room, Anna?"

Anna: I can do it! I can hold it in until she's done... ahh!

"did you just leaked?"

Anna: do you like it-? Hahh... ngggh...

"so this is your limit... yep, I do like it"

Anna: Then I'm happy- to- pee... my... self... haaa~♡

After waiting for too long she gives up holding her pee against the urge. Her tail jumped straight and she bend down, her bladder spasmed and caused her to leak. It take her roughly 10 seconds until she lost all control of her urinary muscles. Her bladder squeezes, her urethral sphincter relaxes and her pee burst out of the confinement of her urinary track.

"You know this is MY room right? Don't wet yourself on the floor!"

Anna tried to block her pee hole with her fingers, but it seems like she cannot handle the level of desperation she's asking for from stopping her body's emergency protocol. After a moment of the flood being stop the dam broke. Anna emptied her entire bladder on the floor in front of the bathroom, She created a very large puddle of steaming pee where she stand.

Anna: I can't stop! I can't stop~♡

"fine, piss as much as you want. I'll clean it up"

When Ivy comes out she and see Anna with her mess has a shocked reaction. It was to be expected, but she look more shocked than I expected. I was curious, Until Anna turn to face me. I see her blushing and look embarrassed. Now I know why Ivy is shocked, I shocked too. Anna seems to be the shameless beast type of girl, seeing her blushing from embarrassment is quite a sight.

"Yo, you're blushing"

Ivy: Lust?

Anna: I've- I've never wet myself before... it-It's very exciting huff huff

Her hand previously used to seal her pee hole start moving around on her crotch, Anyone would say she's rubbing herself. The other hand is closing her mouth from letting out any moans

Anna: hah hah hahhh

"Oi, don't touch yourself in my room"

Ivy: Lust!

Anna: I'm just catching my breath! ><

"hands girl, hands"

Anna: I-It's doing on it's own!

I look at the massive puddle and sigh then I use telekinesis to collect Anna's pee into a floating ball that's actually larger than her bladder, I don't exactly know why but I think their demonic power gives their bladder more durability. Both girl look surprise and blushes as I walk pass them to the toilet and dump the ball of steaming piss in it.

I also use my magic to dry and clean their wet clothes. Due to the fighting of who's using the bathroom first Ivy wetted her panties a little, it's just a tiny patch so I just dry it. Anna however, I need to pull all her piss from her skirt and panties and throw it into the toilet.

When everything is dry all it left is stench of urea. I figure I should just clean the smell by collecting the smell molecules and shove them down the drain. So I'll just do it when I'm done bathing along with my clothes. Julia could be done when I'm finished bathing and see these two come out of my room, so I'll just make them leave before she's done.

"Imma go bath and have dinner with Julia then I'm going straight to sleep after. You guys go to your room and do your stuff okay?"

Ivy: yes sir

Anna: okay~

Both demon is more comply than I thought and that's a good thing. Anna leaves to her room with Ivy following her. Though I don't know what would Anna do to her, It's not my problem.

I filled the bathtub with warm water and take of my clothes. Then I go in and sigh out of relief, it's a heaven on land after a long day~

After I enjoyed my bath, I clean up my clothes along with the smell by my magic and get ready to eat the dinner.

I got outside and see Julia waiting. Her hair still moist so I don't think she waited that long. I tell her to come closer and tilt her head down. She's confused but does it anyway. That's when I start blowing warm wind out of my hand onto her head like a hair dryer. Her ears wiggle as I move my hand around her head to dry all her hair.

In the end her hair become fluffy and has much more volume than before

Julia: What was that?

"It's drying, so you don't have to wait for your hair to dry on its own and clumps together"

Julia: Oh thanks, are you ready for dinner?

"sniff my clothes"

Julia: blushes Eh!? ...OK sniff sniff

"How is it?"

Julia: it smell great! ...and kinda like Ms Anna

"Oh? You can tell? Yep I talked to her"

Glad I clean the pee smell, I don't wanna think about how would she react if she smells Anna's pee all over my clothes

"should we go?"

Julia: um! Nods

We went down to the cafeteria to a table. The waitress seeing us yelled into the kitchen and in a short time they bring out our meal. And laid it on the table.

I start the conversation by thanking her for doing 6 hours of paper work for me.

"thanks for the hardwork"

Julia: ?

"this morning when you cleared my paperwork and your help in the town office"

Julia: Oh, it's nothing. Me and Nora could never thank you enough for your help.

"glad to hear that"

Julia: so should we go to the gate now that you're done with this side

"huh?"

Julia: Nonono! I don't mean to tell you to go away, just that wouldn't your family be worried? You mentioned your sister would starve and everything so I-

"no need for the explanation, I know. But even If I'm not back home my little sister would buy something to eat anyway"

Thinking about it Yuki would be happy actually, having no one cook for her means she have an excuse to buy convenient store food as much as she likes and blame it on me lol.

Julia: But don't you miss your family? I don't wanna keep you around against your will...

"Actually, I'm about to tell you"

Julia: ?

"I live in both world at once"

Julia: what? How does that work?

"it turn out my original body is still on that side. When I sleep in one body, the other one wakes up. So I can still cook for my sister"

Julia: ...wouldn't that make you very fatigue?

"No? My body in each side have sleep. Just that I won't be in the sleeping one"

Julia: ...I don't wanna be rude, but don't your mind need sleep?

"it's the other way around, mind don't need sleep. It's the body who make you feels sleepy when it's tired"

Julia: ...but it's the feeling! You feel it in your mind!

"tell me Julia, when you really need to pee is it the mind telling you to pee because you given do so or your body needs to let it out?"

Julia: my body...

"yep, just like sleep"

Julia: I thought it was because I was thinking all day my mind wanted a break

"might be... We're not the same after all."

Julia: So you don't have to leave?

"yep"

Julia: sigh

"I do wonder if we have kids which side would they belong to"

Julia: Haaah!?? K-kids?

Julia cough out her dinner and look at me then everybody turned to me.

"Sorry, I didn't think before I said that..."

Julia: I don't think I'm ready to be a mother...

"I'm just talking about it hypothetically!"

Julia: hypothetically?

"I mean If it were to happen, not that I'm gonna just put kids in you tonight, God dammit"

Everyone gasped. then I realized I cursed again. This time however, Julia seems to be just scared not terrified. Maybe she's adapting to my way of talking

"Sorry about that, I'm not angry"

Julia: ...No divine imprisonment?

"I don't think I can do that..."

Julia: you seems capable...

"I swear no one is getting damned this night"

Julia: ...that's reassuring

"I'm not a prideful heroes who's not to mess with. I'm just a guy! you don't have to be afraid"

Julia: I don't think you are one! It's just my reflex I swear!

"You're telling me if someone swear, you would react the same?"

Julia: If someone curse at me, I would cry...

"so why aren't you crying"

Julia: you wouldn't fo that to me.. would you?

Julia peek at me with pleading eyes

"no..."

We sit awkwardly after that. I find it uncomfortable so I wanna start a conversation. I look around, searching for a topic and my eyes landed on the weird clump on my plate. Because I just say 2 dinner when I ordered. Me and Julia have the exact same dish served.

Julia seems to be enjoying this part of the plate so I think I can use it as a topic

"Wanna have my uh... this?"

Julia: it's diced gar and cream, it's a dessert. you can have it, I'm fine

"I don't think I like how it looks..."

Julia: No! That's rude to the chef! Besides, you haven't tasted it yet!

"sorry"

I thought I got a good topic but it backfired, mostly because I was careless Julia talked to me like a toddler again.

Now knowing what it was I was more confident to taste the thing. And she was right, it's delicious. I have worry with dairy products since there's no fridge here, but it turns out okay. The cream is... well creamy but gar is what makes it very delicious. It have chewy texture and fruity scent like a gummy. I ended up shoving the whole thing down in seconds

"Hmm! It's delicious!"

Julia: see?

Julia then speak to me with the most smug face I've seen her do, She looks cute. Then I see some of the cream left on the corner of her mouth

"You have a little on your mouth..."

I reach my hand out and wipe the cream from her mouth with my thumb then proceeded to lick it out of habit.

Julia: thanks~

I thought I messed up and make her embarrassed, but turns out everything is okay. She was happy to be cleaned and fine with food not being wasted.

We have the rest of the dinner together while talking about my sister. When we're done I turn to ask Julia of what to do next

"should we go?"

Julia: to sleep? Probably...

"Let's go then"

Julia: Nods

With the affirmation we get up and head to the stairs closest to our room. When we leave I see the waitress quickly clean up the table as we leave.

Me and Julia walk to the second ant to our respective room. Julia turn her head to me and smile

Julia: goodnight, Alex

"goodnight, Julia"

That was captivating

I grip my chest from her cuteness. Then I sigh, I should probably go to sleep...

I go to lay on my bed, watching to ceiling until I was able to sleep. Before I dose off I blow out the candle with my magic.

END

*013*2024-11-01 13:47

Chapter 11: road trip

I wake up in my room, refreshed. ready like I'm not just been dosing off a few seconds ago, where my mind faded. I'm still not used to this sudden changes of mood but that kinda proves my point, it's the body that makes us go insane when we don't sleep. I think I can operate normally without my mind sleep since when I wake up at the side I feel as if I just wake up from a full sleep cause I did sleep in this side.

It's getting unnecessary complicated so I'll just say. Because I switch to a fully rested body when I sleep in the other side, I am not experiencing any fatigue.

Anyways, I get up and do what a gamer does, open their pc. Once it's on I boot up the RPG game and let my character go farm some XP before I go do anything else. Then it's just a normal morning routine brush my teeth, shower, dry myself, get clothed in my comfy t-shirt I bought a year ago or so and continue my XP farming.

It's just another relaxing weekend... at least until my little sister knock my door and presents herself with the most going out clothes I see her wear this month

It's a short black T-shirt with jeans short, pink socks, sun glasses and a white cap. Definitely the classiest outfit she wears recently

"Where are you going?"

Yuki: Grandma's house, don't you remember?

"Pffft, of course I do!"

Yuki: so... you're gonna go to your grandparents with that outfit?

"c'mon, what's wrong with this one?"

Yuki: you're wearing shorts...

"well, you're wearing even shorter one"

Yuki: I'm a girl...

"that's the point, it's like... too short and tight"

Yuki: yeah?

"I can see the wedge, change"

Yuki: wedge? Ah... ////// don't look...

She shy out and quickly cover her crotch, It's doesn't reveal so much like she's on panties but the shorts kinda tugs between what one would think was her pussy. And I don't want my little sister walk around with that wedge on her crotch so I called it out.

She also wearing that type of shirt where the collar is unnecessary wide revealing collar bones and her bra strap. And the fact that she's wearing pink frilly one is making it worst. I don't think she knows she shouldn't show off that type of bra...

"also, I can see your bra. if you insist to wear this shirt, wear a sports bra or something"

Yuki: I'll wear a sports bra...

"where have you been getting this sense of fashion anyway?"

Yuki: my friends?

"next time be more careful, don't clothes too revealing"

Yuki: it's not like I'm gonna get-

"I just don't like you wearing revealing outfits, brother instinct"

Yuki: fine...

"Good, I'll treat you something sweet"

Yuki: promised? 😄

"if it's not too expensive..."

Yuki: 😠

"Just kidding, just kidding. I promise"

Yuki: smiles

Then Yuki step out of my room and closes the door, I go to my computer and prepare for the trip. After I got my character into the safe zone, logged out and shut my PC. Then I changed my outfit to look less effortless

I checked if I forget something and I don't think I do so I came downstairs to mom dad and Yuki. Then we go to the garage and get on dad's car.

I put on my headphones and On the road we go~

When we got to the main road dad make a stop at a gas station

Yuki: papa, why the gas station?

Dad: mom and I need some coffee

"wdym? this is almost noon"

Mom: I gotta pack stuff for you kids since early morning, and momma feel so sleeepy~

Dad: You heard her, we're getting coffee

Dad park the car in the gas station then went to get some coffee with mom. Since Both Me and Yuki don't prefer coffee(at least this late), I asked if I could take her to café instead and well, they said yes so I take her to the place near where my parents go get their coffee.

The reason I take Yuki here is that there isn't a single thing that isn't coffee there, they have amazing coffee I give them that. But as far as I know Yuki doesn't like coffee so I bring her here where there're lots of drinks and desserts.

I swear I saw a twikle in her eyes as soon as she sees the sweets on the glass display. Then she drags me to the counter

Yuki: Nii, I want this~

She pointed to a piece of chocolate cake in the display

"Sure, anything else?"

Yuki: really? Then I'll have the strawberry one, and cupcakes, and brownies, and~

She proceeded to list the entire menu

"I'm starting to think you gonna get diabetes..."

Yuki: I'll have just the brownies...

"It's fine, just please don't eat it all in one go"

Yuki: mouu, My little stomach can only fit so much~

I pinch her cheeks

"You ate 4 puddings in one go last Tuesday, you little pudding thief~"

Yuki: Awahwah, I'm just hungry~!

After I paid $27.50 for all the sweets she wants, the cashier box it and put it in a plastic bag for us. When she finishes packing all them sweets I see a mountain of pink boxes in a plastic bag

Yuki: Ah~ Is this the joy of dragon on the pile of gold~

"You know, the pile of gold won't carry itself to the car"

Yuki: well, I can count on you right? Onii~chan~

"cringe, carry it yourself"

Yuki: C'mon~ Help your little sister!

"I got you the sweets, the rest is your problem"

Yuki: I can't possibly carry all this!

"Deal with it"

Yuki: Nii, I'm sorry~ I won't be greedy again~ help~

Sigh

"fine"

Yuki: love you too, muah~♡

"you-"

Sigh

Yuki giggles at me as I try to carry the boxes. She took 3 of them and carry it out the café with grinning face

I took the bags and split them by weight. I carry it with both my hand and walk to the car. at start I carry it normally, but after a while my hands get tired so I use levitation to make these bags weightless

Mom: Oh my, is this all Yuki's?

"hah, you guessed it"

Mom: so where is she?

"she's carrying another 3 box of 'em sweets"

Mom: there's more? Where'd she get all this money?

"it's my treat, that's why I'm carrying 10 boxes"

Mom: Ahhhh~ so that's why. Your papa is in the bathroom, you two make sure to empty your bladders for the trip 'kay?

"sure ma"

Yuki: hai~ mama

I went to the bathroom with yuki and we separate at the front, each going to our respective genders' bathroom.

I took a quick piss, wash my hands and that's all. I come out waiting on a nearby bench, It took her a minute or so to come out. And when she approached me with a wet hand I knew it

Splash

"Oi! don't splash your piss at me"

Yuki: that's not my pee ////

"joking joking"

I splash water magic on her face

Yuki: ah! Mmpfah what?

"you mess with the wrong wizard little girl"

Yuki: hahah just wait until I got my hand on a water bottle

We laughed and walk to the car

Mom: C'mon, on the car.

Us: Yes mom~

Dad: I've heard from your mom, but you two are really packing those sweet. Where'd you got that much money from Alex?

"Oh, I've been doing part time job. But since you guys all come home much later than me you probably didn't notice"

Yuki: I came home to see you on your pc everyday you couldn't possibly-

I pulled out a hand full of $20 bills I've been saving for a new game

"Huhu"

Yuki: Woah, I... I take that back

Mom: wow, I'm impressed

Dad: What? You start selling drugs now?

"How'd you know?"

Dad: Hah! Nagisa, we've got ourselves a drug dealer son, should we call you Jesse now?

"Nah, I like my name"

Mom: you didn't actually sell those stuff right?

"of course, I'm actually working at a café near my university"

Yuki: really? That means you can give me free treats right?

"I'm a waiter not the owner, but sure I'll treat you some if you managed to find where I'm working"

Yuki: ohhhh~ I like this game already

No I haven't got a partime job, that's just the money I saved up. WelI, I think it's a good time for me to find a job then. I'd rather be working than to disappoint my little sister.

Mom: wait, if you have this much money it means you're saving for something right? Doesn't buy all these sweet trouble you?

"Actually, Not at all. If I didn't buy for her, this little gremlin is gonna raid my stuff in the fridge anyway"

Yuki: T- that's ...not true!

Yuki looks both embarrassed and offended at the same time.

"yesterday at 2 pm, you snuck two piece of brownies at the 2nd shelf from the top of the fridge"

Yuki: wah!? How could you possibly- wait... I only took one!

"That doesn't help you with this argument one bit"

Yuki: I fell right into the trap...

Mom: so who eats the other one?

Dad: me, got hungry in the middle of the night so I took a piece

"like father like daughter huh?"

We all laughed, joking about every bit of day to day life we wanna share, that's how our family are so close together despite not quite being on the same schedule.

When we're done sharing our stories mom and dad go back to focus on driving and we kids pull out our phone and scroll on social media like little Gen z we are

Then I put my phone down

While resting my eyes from my phone I was on almost the whole ride My eyes stumbled apon my little sister

Yuki have been sitting very quietly for quite a while now, her eye brows are pushing together, her eyes narrow and her lips pursing together. Overall she looks distressed, I tried to find the car sickness pill for her. But then I remembered none of our family have car sickness, including Yuki.

And then I have a light bulb moment.

I turn on my x-ray vision, looking at her lower stomach from the side. And there it is, her bladder filled with clear pee. Probably from the buble tea and soda she drank earlier. The muscle wall of her bladder is stretched because she probably has been holding it in since she stopped talking, i guess that's where she it feels the desperation.

Yuki's bladder is not a small one, but I'm sure it's close to its limit. I think she's embarrassed to say she have to pee despite using the toilet just a few minutes ago

Though I'm sure they're some room left in there, her bladder would explode way before we reach grandma house so I gotta help

"Ma! Yuki have to pee!"

Yuki: I-I don't!

Mom: Honey, you don't have to be shy~ we're families

Dad: I told you not to drink so much

Yuki: It's- It's just that I... I was watching the sceneries!

"we're on the high way, what are you saying?"

Yuki: gulp we're on... highway?

"Why? You already can't wait?"

Yuki: blush ...dad... how long until the next stop?

Dad: we're going straight to worthwood with this high way...

Yuki: how far is that?

"an hour I guess"

Yuki: Oh...

Yuki look down, disappointed. Her bladder looks filled, it's not just full of pee but it's significantly stretched also. Her full bladder is getting bigger and bigger every second I look at it. honestly, at this rate I don't think she'd make it to worthwood, not even halfway there.

Not a minute after, her bladder become around 10% bigger. Yuki start shuffling her legs and look around desperately, probably her body's little emergency protocol when there's a little too much pee in her belly. She looks for a way to relieve herself, knowing there's not but she's still urge to do it by the overwhelming desire to release her pent up waste.

"So you do have to pee right?"

Yuki: Nods

"you have to pee right?"

Yuki: Mama! Alex tease me again!

Mom: Don't poke on ladies, Alex. we all know Yuki is bursting. Darling, would you mind finding a stop for our daughter?

Dad: I have no problem, but the nearest exit is 30 minutes away. You can do this Sweetheart!

At that moment I see my little sister's face lost its color. Yuki's bladder is starting to become bloated with her diluted pee, the result of the liquid she intake. I think she's feeling hopeless already having to pee very badly and she still need to wait 30 more minutes

"Is 30 minutes is too much?"

Yuki: I can hold it...

With no trace of confidence, Yuki still trying to act like it's not a big deal. her body though, twitching around the full bladder, trying to find a more comfortable pose to sit in

Yuki: Dad~ how long until the exit now?

Dad: about 25 minutes honey!

Yuki: 25?! Uuuuuu~ I have to pee so bad...

Her bladder is stretched tight, I don't know how long she can hold on but it's gotta be less than how much it takes to the exit

Yuki: Dad... How long until the exit?

Dad: still 25 minutes honey!

Yuki: Ehhh!? But!

Mom: Yuki, Are you okay?

"I have a bottle"

Yuki: 兄ちゃんバカ！ボトルはダメ！

"Mom?"

Mom: she said she can't use a bottle. Alex, you can't just tell a girl to pee in a bottle~ she'll be embarrassed

"but she looks like she's going to wet herself"

Yuki: I... can... hold... it...

"see?"

Mom: maybe I still have the plastic bag from yesterday here... uh... where was it?

Dad: if you mean the blue plastic bag from the convenient store I already throw that into the bin at home

Mom: Why did you fo that? What if we need that thing? Like this!

Dad: We have cloth bag and I didn't think our daughter would be needing to pee in on the highway!

"Mom, Dad, Stop. even if we have a bag, Yuki would still refuse to use it"

Mom: Umm, that's true

Dad: She's the shy one after all

After a while of keeping everything inside her body, Yuki starts spacing out and hold the crotch tight. Her bladder is holding way more liquid that it is build for and now it's effecting her mind, I tapped her shoulder to bring some sense back

"膀胱大丈夫?" 「your bladder's okay?」

Yuki: !?

Yuki despite having to pee really bad she still manage to be surprised that my Japanese vocabulary includes a word for bladder

Yuki: だっ大丈夫... 「I- it's okay...」

"本当に?" 「Really?」

Yuki: 本当、何で?「Really, why?」

"いや、ボテしてるでしょ?"「well, the thing's kinda bulging out」

Yuki: えーと、これは... 「ummm this is...」

"太ってた? www" 「did you gain weight? Lol」

Yuki: Hey, I'm not gaining weight!

"I'm just joking hahaha"

Mom: that's not nice, Alex

"sorry Yuki..."

Yuki held her puffed cheeks for a while, but at last she couldn't help but giggled

"Did you feel better?"

Yuki: a little... but it would be much better if I can use the bathroom

Dad: on scale of one to ten, how bad do you want to pee?

Yuki: 9? Maybe 10...

Mom: let's put it this way, how close are you to peeing?

Yuki: I think 8...

"no, that's too low"

Yuki: Eh!? H-how did you know?

"You're sweating too much"

Yuki: honestly... I think I can't wait anymore

"keep it in, I know you can do this"

After a few moments of sigh and cute noises, her bladder spasmed. It probably starting to overstretched so it's trying to stop her from holding in her pee.

Yuki visibly change her posture from sitting up straight to curling in front of her, it doesn't help her bladder from the pressure one bit and seems to make it worse by crushing her weight into the dome of her bladder but i guess it's more comfortable somehow or it's just an instinct

Yuki's bladder keep squeezing her urine into the urethra trying to make her pee. She feels the intense to let her bladder contents out but due to pressure from everyone she still hold on, keeping her sphincter shut

Yuki: Uuuu~ Dad... How long until the exit?

Dad: 20 minutes I guess, There's some traffic

Yuki: my bladder hurts...

"hey, are you okay? You look like you're very stressed"

Yuki: I need to pee so bad but I gotta hold it... my bladder is aching...

"Fighting, my sister"

Yuki: uuu~

I think Yuki's bladder wasn't happy about her refusing to pee even after her urethra been flooded, it starts to squeeze even harder. With her mind on the verge of giving up and the pressure pushing against her sphincter

Yuki: Dad... c-can we park for a while?

Dad: we're on the highway honey, I can't park.

Mom: Yuki, are you okay?

Yuki: Mama, I want to pee really bad... I can't take it anymore...

"Don't pee yourself Yuki, please"

Yuki: I know... Uuuu~ but it's aching so bad

Her bladder keep expanding bigger and bigger it's look like it's really gonna pop, I'm starting to feel as restless a Yuki herself seeing that giant ballon stretched.

Yuki: please... my bladder is gonna explode...

"wait a sec, I'll find something for you to pee in"

Yuki: sorry... I can't hold it anymore...

Dad: HAAAALT! Yuki, my girl, you can do this. Don't pee in my car

Yuki: haahngh I... I can't

Dad: Alex will find something for you, so please hold on

Mom: But she look so desperate, I don't want her bladder to burst

Yuki: hnghhh sniff Alex.. sniff did you find something yet? Sniff

"hold on, I think I found something"

Ratles Ratles

Yuki: it's coming out!

I take all the dessert box out from the bag and quickly hand the empty plastic bag to Yuki. When I look at her, Yuki is bottom naked. Understandably because with that much in her bladder if she were to take it off later it's either wet herself or let her bladder explode

Yuki: quick! Look away!

"Ok"

She doesn't have nearly enough time to get the bag into the position, her pee is already leaking out by the time she grab the bag from my hand. I turn my head away and didn't bother to peek. I'd say she was peeing for far too long for it to be healthy.

After the sound of her pee quiet down to a trikle then a drop then stops mom give her a pack of tissue I guess. Then Yuki start wiping. After tidying up I heard a zipper so I turn around.

I secretly help her by taking the pee in the seat and teleport it in the huge bag filled with her pee. It was a solid ~800 ml in that bag, no wonder she bouncing that much before to relief

"That's a lot"

Yuki: Don't look at it!

Mom: you finished?

Yuki: umph

Dad: then we don't need to stop right?

"well, if you okay with the smell. I don't have a problem"

Dad: if we go out next exit it's gonna take a while until we're on track

"then don't, we can dump it into the toilet somewhere later"

Mom: Mommy still remember when changing little Yuki's diaper~

Yuki: ///// please forget that /////

It get awkward quickly having dangling bag full of your sister's pale yellow urine

"you sure got a lot of pee pent up huh"

I poked the bag filled with Yuki's pee, it jiggle a little as I stuff my hand into it and It's still warm

Yuki: Nii! don't poke on it!

"how did you manages to fit all this in your bladder?"

Yuki: I don't know! Everyone keep telling me to hold it so I held it in!

Dad: sorry, I really don't want your pee on the seat, it's really hard to clean up

Mom: where did you find this bag anyway? I thought you father clean it all up

"the secret money sack"

Dad: heyyo!? I have no such things

"I'm just joking, it's the sweets' bag. I totally forgot it existed before Yuki start to leak in her pants"

Yuki: I didn't leak any!

I pat on her crotch where her pee probably comes out and I'm not surprised it's soaked

"this is surely wet"

Yuki: Yanh!? /////

Mom: Alex! Don't touch her like that

"I'm just checking~ she's wearing pants and all, it's not like I touch her p- I'll stop"

Yuki: this is so embarrassing...

"next time you don't need to wait until you're very desperate to tell"

Yuki: but saying I need to pee is so embarrassing...

"C'mon, don't act like we don't see each other using the bathroom"

Yuki: just watching me go into the bathroom isn't the same as watch me pee >~<

Well, I can see through wall... not that I watch her pee but it's kinda the same if I'm able to watch

"Ahem, the point I'm trying to make is you don't need to be embarrassed when it's us"

Yuki: But!

"what's make you try so hard to go against peeing in front of your own family?"

Yuki: you make fun of me all the time! You would bring it up every time we talk and laugh at me...

"okay, but that's what we do all the time"

Yuki: What? So if you do it every time it's became normal and justified?

"I'm not saying you shouldn't be mad, but I'm saying you shouldn't be worry"

Yuki: ?

"We keep the jokes inside the family, the only one know is us. I'm not gonna bring this up in public or to your friends"

Yuki: ...

"I know you're afraid but I won't just ruin your life over a laughter. So be honest with us okay?"

Yuki: Nods

Mom&Dad: Nice job, Alex

Yuki: Don't tell grandpa and grandma... okay?

"Yup, I won't"

Yuki: Mama, when until the the stop?

Mom: around 20 minutes and we'll be out this highway sweetie, what make you ask?

Dad: don't tell me you need to pee again...

Yuki: ...kinda... but that's not the point, I feel kinda embarrassed about the smell and everything... my pants also wet and uncomfortable...

"don't worry, ya' pee doesn't smell that bad"

Yuki: what does that even suppose to mean? //////_

Mom: there's a change in the back, I bring 2 spares for you. If you want to

Yuki: ahh, it's fine. Nii-chan still sitting here after all...

"I'll look away, it'll get itchy if you don't change"

Yuki: itchy? ///// still, I'm kinda shy...

"I've seen it already, just go. Here's a tissue"

Yuki: but- Ehhh!? W-What do you mean you seen it already!?////

Mom: Alex?

"I'm not peeking 'kay? When I came up with the bag you were bottom naked"

Yuki: I need to take it off because I'm gonna wet myself!!

"We've seen each other naked all the time, it's not so bad right?"

Yuki: the last time I'm willingly let you see is when I'm still 12!

"yeah, but... okay I'm sorry aright? I'm just gonna turn away and let you change"

Yuki: ...

"Okay fine, hit me until you feel better"

Yuki: ...a- are you sure?

"what? It make you feel less embarrassing right?"

Yuki: but it's been a while...

"C'mon, I've had worst, I'm kinda missing it too"

Yuki: you pervert! Ngggh! Yah! Yah! Yah!

Yuki repeatedly hit me with her fists, I can tell she didn't put any significant force into them. She would often punch me like this when I bring up too-lewd-jokes and get her flustered

Couple of punch later she stopped

"better?"

Yuki: yeah...

"will you change now?"

Yuki: okay... I'll change. Don't peek, okay?

"I won't"

Yuki: promise?

"pinky promise"

Yuki: liars pants on fire, okay?

"I'll set myself on fire"

Mom: please don't be absurd. Yuki, change already. Alex, I'll be very disappointed if you peek

"Sure ma"

I hear Yuki unbutton her pants, slide it off, a sound of her panties string slab back on her thigh because it slipped out of her grip, sound the seat when she change her posture to take off her panties, the sound of the tissue box and the sound of the tissue sliding between her pussy to dry off any pee left

Then I heard Yuki putting on new pairs of panties and pants. When she told me she's done I look at her and the new pants was a blue long one

It look good, kinda lean into cool side more than sexy now

Around 20 minutes later, as soon as we got out of highway and arrived at worthwood. Dad finds a gas station to stop by to take care of Yuki's piss

Dad: we're about to stop at a gas station, get ready.

Yuki: hurry hurry, I have to pee

"you really had too much tea huh"

Mom: well, Mama's gonna pee herself too. hurry up, papa

Dad: Alex, you gonna tell me you gotta piss too?

"I'm good, don't have no tea or small bladder"

Mom: hey!

I'm kinda curious but I'd rather not use the x-ray on my mom

After a while not enough to make my mom nor sister wet themselves, we arrive at the gas station

Mom: Mommy gonna go to the bathroom, okay?

Yuki: I'll go too, I'll go too! Ah, Ow!

She banged her head against the ceiling...

Yuki quickly move to the door and when she about to open it, she sees the plastic bag filled with her slightly yellow pee she just expelled half an hour ago

She look at the bathroom and then back at me with a blush on her face

Yuki: Nii... can you... take care this for me?

She hold the urine filled bag and hands it to me

"It's your own piss, you dump it"

Yuki: it's... kinda embarrassing holding this in the queue...

"what about me!?"

Yuki: men's bathroom don't have much people... does it?

"I don't wanna..."

Yuki: please I'm gonna wet my pants again if you don't hurry!

"hold it for 30 more seconds and I'll go"

Yuki: that's... But I really need to pee!

Dad: don't tease you little sister, come on just help her

"I'm trying to teach her I won't just do anything for free"

Dad: For free? What does making Yuki hold her pee for longer gets you?

"I'm just want her to do something for it"

Dad: you just risking her pee her pants

Yuki: Okay okay, I'll hold it. Stop arguing!

Dad: sigh whatever

"starting from now"

When I started Yuki stands up straight, trying to hold it but after 12 she grabs her crotch and crouch down. Seeing her bladder bloating like that I don't have to guess she's gonna pee herself anytime soon. Luckily I already shut off her urethra by pinching it with magic so her panties is still dry.

When I got back my senses it's already 30 seconds

Yuki: so, you are really going to...

"yep"

Yuki: Thanks!

She runs off to the bathroom with hands between her crotch

Yuki: Bathroom~~~！

I picked up the bag... it's kinda heavy when I'm grabbing it with my index finger. I have an evil idea of shoving all this piss back into her bladder but I figured I should do that later since she already experienced enough pee desperation today.

I take the bag to the bathroom. Luckily, like Yuki said, there's no one except some in the stall. I take the opportunity and go dump the thing into the urinal at the back. I don't mind some pee on my hands since I'm gonna wash it anyway when I'm done, so I just untie the knot and turn it upside down.

I just remembered some urinal have a hard time letting pee flow in so I slow down, Fortunately this one was clean enough so it didn't spill.

When I'm done. Firstly, I use magic to run water through the bag and my hands before washing them again at the sink. Why? I don't like turning the faucet on with dirty hand and I don't want anyone walk by to see me holding an emptied piss bag

I don't bother peeking at Yuki because I'm not that interested, plus there're other woman in there too including my mom. So I just return to the car

Dad: why bringing the bag?

"who knows Yuki is not gonna have to use it again?"

Dad: good point, convenient store?

"won't you wait for the girls?"

Dad: heh, yo Mama's not a girl no more.

"she's gonna be furious if she heard that, haha. just like Yuki if we go to the konbini(shortened from convenient store) without her"

Dad: She already got dozen box of sweet for her own

"Her crave for sugar is insatiable"

Dad: haha, you know? your mama used to like sweets too, well...she still is but not like the old days.

"can guess, but how bad was it?"

Dad: at your uncle wedding a long time ago, she took a table full of dessert for her own

"At a wedding? Lol"

Dad: and when she gain weight, she's gonna look as grumpy as your little sister on her period.

"so why is it that she suddenly stop eating eating except for some special occasion"

Dad: at this age, yo mama gon' get diabetes lol

"so the curse got pass down huh..."

"how was mom when she was younger?"

Dad: huh, ummm... all I remember is that she has a really big bouncy tits

I felt a powerful present behind me...

Mom: Why was my chest become a topic. huh?

Bonk

Dad: Ow! That's not nice! You could've given me a concussion

Mom: knock in off with this lewd talk with our son

Dad: but he asked it!

"am asking dad to tell me about you in the old days"

Mom: So out of thousands of memories you managed to tell our son about my boobs?

Dad: Yep, and I'm proud of it

"dang, he's a chad"

Mom just pounted, I'm sure she isn't angry but definitely embarrassed. I laughed then I heard a voice from behind me

Yuki: what are you guys doing?

"not much, mom and dad's flirting again"

Yuki: huhu~

Mom: I'm not flirting~!

"wanna grab some pudding?"

Yuki: you really have to ask? Let's go!

"anything you guys?"

Dad: could use some beers! Two, no three of 'em

Mom: you can't drink, You have to drive!

Dad: Alex

"no, I'm not driving"

Dad: TT

"Ok, let's go Yuki"

Yuki: lalala~ pudding~

"what cha wanna eat?"

Yuki: hehe, puddings

"no no, I mean the meals"

Yuki: I'll just have the sweets we bought?

"You can't, that's just pure carbohydrates!"

Yuki: isn't carbohydrates what gives your body energy? It should do the job

"what about other nutrients?"

Yuki: I wanna eat treats...

"you gotta have some meal... get some tacos or something I'll pay for it"

Yuki: euuuhhhh I don't wanna~

"C'mon, eating only sweets can't be healthy"

Yuki: I'll just all eat the sweets first then meal later...

"You gonna have a massive sugar crash and don't wanna eat anything..."

Yuki: fine...

"good girl"

Pat pat

Yuki: Don't treat me like a kid! >~<

"I'm treating you like my sister and you can't grown out of that"

Yuki: nggnhh... Hmph!

"so what are you going to eat"

Yuki: sandwich I guess.

"sure, let's go grab some"

We got to a sandwich place and go straight to the counter, there was no line so we got to order right away. But Yuki doesn't seem to like it that much because she is bad when dealing with pressure. She seem very hesitant to choose the filling.

I order the sidelights and vegetables for her while she's choosing for the main filling. Lastly she choose tunamayo

Waiter: it'll be $11.30

Umph, Not a bad price for a foot long sandwich

After I pay for the sandwich, I take the thing and hand I to Yuki, she look at me somewhat awkwardly

"what?"

Yuki: I can't finish all that...

"I'll eat the other half"

Yuki: but didn't you hate fish?

"I'm not allergic, if I can shove it in my mouth I can eat it"

Yuki: ahhh... I should have picked something else...

"It's fine~ don't mind about it. Let's go to the car, mama gonna be mad if we keep her waiting"

Yuki: umph, okay

End

There was supposed to be another part for this chapter but I keep having to bold the text all over everytime I turn off my pc I figured I cut it into 2 part

*017*2024-11-07 13:48

{{On 11/6/2024 at 6:40 AM, おやすみ said:

This is a great story so far, do you have plans to keep writing it?

}}

Yep, I have all kind of senario pop up in my head all the time.

