Omorashi with magic(rework)

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*018*2024-11-17 05:26

Chapter 12: Grandma's house and hot spring hotel

Chomp

Yuki take a Bite off the sandwich, She make a pleasant sound as she eat the thing, It sound really good so it shouldn't be that bad I Guess.

So I take a bite off mine too

Urrgh-

I didn't mean to make that sound but as soon as I chewed into the tuna part I felt a slimy along with sand like textures. I know it's just turn in mayonnaise but I can't stop myself from making sound like I wanna throw up

Yuki: Nii, You okay?

I force the sandwich down my throat and reply to her real quick

Cough

"I am, I think... I guess"

Mom: you don't sound so good, do you have car sickness?

"no, I've never had one"

Mom: maybe it's because you usually don't edonbefore the ride?

"I'm just choking on the sandwich, that's all"

Mom: My, have some water, here

She handed me a bottle of water

"thanks"

Yuki: you sure it's really just choking?

"I'm fine, Yuki. I can eat it"

Urg-

I managed to hold my mouth shut before any of the sandwich bits come out

Mom: You really don't sound very good Alex. You should stop eating that sandwich...

Yuki: Nii-chan, I'm sorry. I'll eat it, I'll eat it. Stop forcing it in

Mom: really, what's the matter? Yuki, what's in the sandwich

Yuki: tunamayo...

Mom: Tuna- your brother doesn't eat fish does he?

Yuki: when I ordered I didn't think it would be that big... Nii-chan tell me he'll have half...

"I don't really got anything thing else to eat"

Mom: you bought only the sandwich?

"I thought I could eat it..."

Yuki: You can have the sweets, it's your money right? I'll eat the sandwich. Please stop eating it.

"meh, I'll pass on the sweets. I need to get used to fish or I'll never be able to eat it"

Yuki: But-

"I know my limits sis. If I can't eat it I'll stop"

Mom: Don't push yourself too hard okay?

"I won't"

Dad: he will

"Dad~ just let me act cool~"

With Yuki periodically glancing over, I slowly nibble on the sandwich and cope. Apologies to fish lovers but having this thing in my mouth feels like I'm chewing on sand, I'm gonna cry. I have learned about acquired taste but I don't think I can like this... I'll try though

After a few more bite and half an hour later I get used to getting it down my throat but At some point it stop getting better, the thing still feels like sand but it's kinda edible now. In the other side I may need to survive off fish someday so I gotta prepare for that

When I finished the sandwich. Yuki that have been looking at me with concern for a while now break the silence

Yuki: are you okay?

"yeah, take me some time but I don't think I'm going to throw up anymore"

Dad: when I think about it, can't Alex just give the fish to Yuki and eat just the other fillings?

"Yep, I'm just stubborn"

Dad: thanks for 20 minutes of your choking sound then

"sry"

After the hell's gone I look outside the window cause my phone battery is low. We're going through some kind of field with trees once in a while.

Yuki: Papa, I think I need to pee...

Dad: just a few minutes we'll be at Grandma's house, can you wait a little?

Yuki: ah umph, I'm okay

I think she really did have too much water, it's 3 times already... I don't feel like having her holding it so I occasionally teleport her pee out the window when she's about to leak

A few kilometers of field later we arrived at grandma's house. It's in a village in the middle of a field, very natural. When we're about to enter the village, I pull a lot of pee out since I won't be able to do it after this and hope Yuki makes it to the bathroom in time

When we're in front of the house, I get out of the car, ring the door bell and wait for grand ma to answer the door. She open the door and put on her glasses before coming out to unlock the gate for our car to go in

I open the gate, let the car in and close it before going back to my family.

Grandma: Ah! Jhonny, bring your family to visit mama? Come, come

"Pssh, Johnny"

Yuki: papa Johnny, hehe~

Dad: my name is Jonathan...

No one cares and we go in as grandma gesture into the house

Granma: Welcome, welcome. Nagisa and kids

"Dad, did you eat the sugar ?"

Dad: hahhh, Stop with the jokes. You kids giggles everytime we're here

Mom: ma~ma~ darling~ you need to let the kids be kids

Dad: Honey, Alex is in university and Yuki is about to graduate high school, they need to stop laughing over these jokes

Mom: you know age can't take away their fun~

Okay, we're all against Dad lol. Anyway we walk to the dining room and sit around the table. Yuki, however didn't sit. She's been fidgeting for a while now and we know what's she been up to since in the car.

Yuki: grandma, I need to use the toilet... may I?

Grandma: sure thing sweetie, it's at the end of the hallway over to the right if you don't remember~

Yuki calmly walk off before we hear her running in the hallway as soon as she's out the room

"grandma, got some cookies?"

Grandma: ah, sure thing Alex

She reach into the food cabinet, I'm sure she can reach it but it's so high up it couldn't be good for her back

"no need, I can get it myself"

Grandma: I'm still able to help myself, I'm not that old am I?

"Thanks grandma"

Dad: we're just here and you ask for cookies already?

"What? Yuki would've asked it anyway. Gotta secure some pieces before the girl come"

Dad&Mom: fair

After a little less than 5 minutes Yuki come back, she was blushing a little but as soon as she sees the cookies jar. I- We know all of them was now hers

I hand the cookie jar to her, shame I only have one...

Yuki: Sorry for the wait ><

Grandma: come sit, near me

Yuki: umph, grandma

Yuki sit at the chair next to grandma and she start playing with Yuki's hair

Grandma: grew a bit huh, kids?

"It's just barely a month since our last visit, so couldn't be that much"

Grandma: Yuki change shampoo?

Yuki: Yah~ grandma remember my shampoo~!

Grandma: gotta train for when alzheimer kicks in

Dad: ma, that's a concerning topic to bring up!

Grandma: is it? I'm not that afraid, I gotta meet my husband one day.

"why is this getting dramatic?"

Grandma: sikes, I'll be kicking till I'm 200 baby

Dad: Hah, just your grandma

Yuki: do concerning jokes runs in family?

Mom: your daddy told me he has terminal heart illness one day?

"terminally for you?"

Mom: Wow, Alex you got it right~

"that's not even a 50 cents jokes, Dad you own me money"

Dad: C'mon, that's not half bad~

Yuki: Don't look at me, I'm siding with Nii-chan

Dad: TT

We keep bullying Dad for a while then the topic changes to day to day life and what happens between visit. I didn't tell grandma about Yuki's accident since she ask me too but I'm forced to tell her I have a job now...

Look like I really have to find the job

The topic came around to who's taking care of grandma. Turn out that since aunt Daisy go to lives with her new husband grandma is living with nobody

"Wait, Grandma lives alone?"

Grandma: no, no. I have my kids and grandkids visiting me all the time. Also I got Susan next door to talk with and Richard and other neighbors.

"If you say so"

Grandma: will you and family stay the nights?

Dad: No need ma, Nagisa and I will take the kids to a trip

Grandma: have a great travel then

"what trip?"

Mom: haven't Yuki told you yet?

Yuki: we're going to onsen~ (hot spring)

"What? Is there any around here?"

Mom: there's a hotel newly open just a few hours from here. We'll stay the night and go home tomorrow evening.

Yuki: ahh, onsen~ I always wanna go to one~

So we said goodbye to grandma and get back on the car

Once on the car I called Matthew to ask him if he could take care of my game dailies for me and he's fine as long as I can do that for him too, should the time comes(Yes we have each other account).

My worries are gone now so I'll just look forward to the trip

Yuki probably heard what we've been talking about but she just ignored our noises. My phone I basically on life support so I have to put it down. I've had an idea about charging it with magic but I'd rather not mess with this complicated circuit.

Yuki pulled out her tablet to draw, I don't know if she's just bored of Instagram or ran low on phone battery. It's impressive how she still managed to draw even on the road since Dad's car doesn't have an impressive suppression.

Finally we're at the hotel. After Dad park the car we go into the hotel and I fell into the state of awe. The decorations is very impressive. it's a Japan style hotel no wonder there's hot spring bath here.

"Dad, how much is this?"

Dad: hey, don't underestimate my salary. I can afford a trip!

"If it wasn't for Yuki's daily treats, mine would've afford this too"

Yuki: Nee~~ I don't eat that much!

"You're right, you devour"

Yuki: Nee~!

"joking joking"

Yuki: hmph!

While Dad talk with the counter I and Yuki goes around to explore stuff around the lobby with mom occasionally glance over us from where she is. I found a fly paper about the hotel and get a bit disappointed when I found out the hotsprings are artificial but it's still exciting to try it out.

When dad is done with the stuff at the counter he call for me and Yuki, then lead us to the room. Looking at the decorations I expected it to be full Japanese style room but when we got into the room there's a bed, bed table, closet and what you'd expect from a western hotel. Which is kinda disappointing but understandable since not many people here would enjoy sleeping on a futon(mattress) on the floor.

Our room are divided into two sections by a thin wall with a lockable door just like in Japanese traditional housing. Dad told me we'll be sleeping separately from mom and Yuki. Then there's like a garden outside with the hot tub we're looking for.

The door separating the room have to be shut shortly after sice the girls wanna change. I pretty much just change my t-shirt to another t-shirt and call it done my dad didn't even bother changing. Yep boys in this family are mood ruiner.

After unpacking all the stuff lying on the floor dad just left for absolutely no explanation and left me doing nothing in the room. Since my phone is charging, I got so bored I might have just started counting sheep out of nowhere

At the 336th sheep or whatever I was counting when I got tired of sheep there was a double knock on the front door, then Yuki came through the front door whith Japanese style clothes, what was it? Kimono? ...Nah I don't know but she's really pretty. She might have just put on a little blush or was it her literally blushing I can't tell

"Hey Yuki, nice outfit"

Yuki:Thanks, mama teach me how to put in on

"got something under there? Y'know underwear"

Yuki: //// of course I'd wear it. It's not a law to be bottomless in yukata, why did you even ask? ////

"just wanted to know how cautious do I have to be... when I do this!"

Tickles

Yuki: Wah!? Ahaha haha ah uwahaha stop! Stop- ahaha ah haha hahhhh haah

"Hah, you fall right into my trap"

Yuki: haha~ wait, the obi-

Yuki's clothes fall down to the floor, Leaving her with only underwear. She quickly hug her chest and put a hand in front of her crotch and look at me blushing with angry expression on her face

"fuh~ cute panties"

Yuki: forget it! forget it!! forget it!!! ////

"ow ow ow! Stop! argh ow!"

Yuki: ...turn away

"Hmm... I'm kinda curious how do you put it back on"

Yuki: it's embarrassing~!

"C'mon"

Yuki: fine... but remember, I can see where you looking at, if you look anywhere weird I'm gonna tell mom...

I have little to no sexual interest towards my sister's body so I just follow her hand movements as she put her yukata back on, apparently it was pretty easy since the thing was hold together by the ribbon thingy called obi. As she put the clothes on her body I get a little curious and try experiment with her, I tried look at her thighs then at her face. It's telling "do you think this is funny?" So I gave her an apology Nods and come back look at her hands

When she's done she pouts, I said sorry and she stick out her tongue. I can tell she knows that the peek was an experiment and she don't like it, though she smiles after then come to sit with me. Then mom unlock the door between our room and open it, making the room feels more spacious. Dad is with mom...

Mom: kids, the dinner

"Oh? They bring us the food?"

Yuki: woah

Dad: as much as I'd like to tell you it was a tradition. I ordered it

"You ordered me ...fish?"

Dad: it's like, on every menu Alex, just give it to your mom or your sister

With that I turn to the girl beside me

"would you like my raw fish?"

Yuki: I kinda don't like it... but sure, definitely better than you having it

Mom: give it to me, I like it

Yuki: I've watched a clip about dining tradition, isn't sharing kinda rude tho?

Mom: we're eating with just in family, it's completely fine. Beside you're pretty tame compare to at home

Yuki: eh? I'm just trying to not stain anything

I give mom all my fish and got some meat in return, the food was delicious. Mom was right Yuki is very lady like as she eats the meal she's sitting on her knees like mom and didn't spill anything yet. We guys tho sit like we normally do but mum doesn't say anything about it so we just keep sitting how we liked

Yuki: Nii, I dare you to eat a spoonful of wasabi

"what? Uhhh Nah"

Dad: no balls

"You haven't touched yours yet don't even talk bruh"

Yuki: heh, no balls

With that I put the wasabi in her mouth

Yuki: Uwaeh tuah tuah tuah prrrrrrt it's so spicy ahhh! my head hurts

Mom: eat that yourself too Alex

"...haah, yes mom...."

It was fine, actually... at least until I breathe. The paste destroy my olfactory nerves in a matter of seconds and sent me rolling on the floor. It wasn't fun

When I recovered from the agonizing state I was in mom and dad was at the door

Dad: mom and I are gonna go to something, don't destroy the earth while we're gone

Mom: darling!

"sure dad"

I go to sit on the bed. Yuki follow me and sit beside me. after a while she leaned to me so I grab her to put her on my lap. Without anything to do I start combing her hair with my fingers.

"your hair is so soft"

Yuki: why are you playing with my hair?

"I don't have anything to do tbh. Mom tell me I can't use my phone when it's charging"

Yuki: ~

Yuki seems to enjoy being in this state so I continue combing her hair, I squeeze it occasionally like I'm massaging her head, she didn't seems to mind so I just keep playing with her hair

Yuki: Nii, do you think my chest is small?

"what? um... well I haven't observed it that much but it's not that small I guess?"

Yuki: you think so?

"why suddenly?"

Yuki: not much, just kinda insecure... but I'm better now.

"is it about your friend? Did they made fun of you or something"

Yuki: no no, they just all seem to have bigger one...

"Hey, you're pretty. That gotta go into calculations"

Yuki: uwa? I'm flattered

"why'd you ask?"

Yuki: I'm told talking about insecurities is a good topic with guys

"that's a good thing to talk with your closest of friends... but a way to get blackmailed also, do be careful"

Yuki: really? I see...

"wanna go walk?"

Yuki: I wanna snoze~ the bed is sooo comfortable~

"sure"

I let her have the bed all by herself and take a walk outside. The outside I mean is the balcony, it's like a garden outside and a hot tub I see in the brochure. It's not legit hot spring but a mineral water in a hot tub. I think I'll take it since no one gonna.

I turn on the water by following the instructions on the side and while waiting for it to fill up I go take off my clothes in a basket neat the door to the bathroom inside. Then a breeze sends chills down my spine. It's already 8 pm and it's kinda cold so I quickly speed walking to the tub, rinse myself off with warm water magic and sit in it.

I thought I'm gonna freeze to death waiting for water to fill. Eventually it fills up to almost my shoulder when I'm sitting up right. I lean against the side, relaxed and enjoy myself in a bath of warm water.

Not knowing how long I've been in the tub I heard a sound walking behind me, it make my heart skipped a beat, I thought it's someone trying to use the bath since they don't know I'm using it.

But it stopped. Did I heard that right? Or I'm in the bath for too long I'm getting dizzy head? Then a breeze blow pass me...

The light was dim, there's nothing but a sound of wind occasionally pass by "This shit is scary" I thought to my self for a moment, my instinct is telling me something is going on. I ready myself to use magic as soon as the threat reveal itself

Yuki: Nii?

"What the fu- oh Yuki... wait what the-"

Yuki: pssh, you can't just surprise then oh then surprise again haha

"Why are you here?"

Yuki: daddy told me to take a bath

"Then I'll go take a walk or something you mind look away for a bit so I could get my towel?"

Yuki: no... don't

"the hell you mean!?"

Yuki: let's bath together... I'll scrub your back like when we're little

"Huh? Uhhhh... if you don't mind I guess..."

I look away for a little. I heard a splash as Yuki join me in the hot tub. when the water settled, I turn to her sitting leaning against the side of the tub, holding an arm over her chest and the other down in the water. I couldn't see well in this dimmed light so seeing anything under the water surface is out of the question.

I have nothing against bathing together, but I kinda wanna hear why she want to do it since she's the shy one

"What's gotten into you?"

Yuki: it's dark and kinda scary...

"Well... that's true, I was scared too when you're hiding behind that bush"

Yuki: I was embarrassed ////

"yea... that's the thing. Don't you think we're like, kinda too old to bath together?"

Yuki gets a bit quiet, I can't see her face we'll but I can tell she's blushing

"don't get me wrong, I don't hate it. just that are you comfortable?"

Yuki: I'm fine, just don't look to much over here

"I couldn't see anything accept your face, don't worry"

Yuki: why are you sitting like that?

"I know you can't see a thing either"

Yuki: yeah... I'll keep my posture though...

"Hey, about the back scrub... could you-"

Yuki: ah~ umph, I'll do it

"お願いします~" 「yes please」

Yuki: Oh?

"yep, I know this one"

I turn my back to her and lean on the side of the hot tub for her easy access to my back. She start by pressing hand on my shoulder then lower it down my spine and stop just right at the back my pelvic bone, she then start rubbing my back with ...just water since the sign said no shampoo or soap in the tub. She put more pressure into my back and start scrubbing

"That's so good~ it's like having a massage~"

Yuki: 背中硬いな... 「the back is kinda hard...」

"what?"

Yuki: you been sitting in front of you pc for so long your back is hard like a rock!

"Uwahhhh~ that's the spot~"

Yuki: are you even listening?

"hai, hai, mama"

Yuki: I'm not your mama! >~<

She was right, I've been sitting in front of my pc playing games for multiple hours a day. I feels like I'm slowly evolving into crustacean... Her skill is exceptional, she's hitting every spot aching... or was I aching everywhere I can't tell. But it's heavenly I'll say. 10/10 would let her massage me again

After a while she stop, understandably. I think she get bored or sore hand after massaging my back for some time, it's good while it last.

"thanks, how about you, Yuki?"

Yuki: eh? Me? Ah, it's okay. I don't have any back pain

"c'mon you won't know you liked it if you haven't try"

Yuki: ...sure ...just don't touch me somewhere weird...

"Hey~ what do you think of me? I won't"

Yuki: no... it's just embarrassing to just say okay...

"Okay, let me see your back then"

Yuki slowly face away and lean on the side of the hot tub, however ...she put her butt up against me and the position are very awkward...

"Uhm... you don't have to put your butt up, I can massage underwater too"

Yuki: Wah! Don't look!

"it's fine, I can't see ...well anything"

I don't make a deal about it and just start massaging her shoulder blades, then her middle back and to her waist, just like what she did to me I stop at her pelvic bone unlike me however, I feel her squish on the pelvic bone.

Yuki: haah~ uwoo! Ah ah nggnh~

"you feels good?"

Yuki: umph~ it's relaxing I might fall asleep

"please don't sleep I the tub..."

Yuki: ahh~

"if you don't mind me asking, you mentioned you have back pain during period right?"

Yuki: eh? Uhmm I guess ///// Ngghh~

"where was it?"

Yuki: it's kinda every where but if I have to pin point it's gotta be on my waist where I rub a lot when I'm massaging you

"here?"

Yuki: Uwahhhh~ that's the spot~ ow ow Uwooo ahhhh~

"it's that good?"

Yuki: I think I can understand why mama want us to massage her all the time

"me too, we're turning old huh"

Yuki: haha, you're gonna be walking with stick when you're a grandpa

"I don't think I'll be making it past 30 with my sleep schedule lol"

Yuki: Iya!

"woah, I'm sorry, didn't meant to hurt you"

Yuki: it's fine~

I keep rubbing her back, after a while she seems uncomfortable. I checked if I hurt her and *accidentally* found out her bladder's kinda full

I press on her waist and squeeze her bladder with magic

Yuki: Nii, can you stop a little? I think I have to pee...

"sure"

Yuki: c-can you come with me?

"huh? Im not gonna watch you pee"

Yuki: No~! I mean it's kinda scary, can you walk me to the door?

"Oh... nah, it's cold as hell"

Yuki: I'm not sure if hells are cold...

"bruh"

Yuki: you know what? I can hold it. Let's continue bathing

"Oi, don't try to pee in the tub"

Yuki: I'm not! I just don't have to pee that badly, that's all. And, and mama and papa gonna take bath after us too

"okay okay, just stay and keep your pee in"

She sits back into the tub, her bladder have some significant amount of pee in. Making me want to tease her. I didn't dare to put infection risky tub water in her bladder but instead multiply the pee already inside her bladder until it's full. When I put my finger in her back I can see her bladder tense up in response.

Yuki: 兄ちゃんやめて 「big brother, stop」

"why?"

Yuki: pushing my back like that make me want to pee more...

"just go pee then"

Yuki: I'm telling you to come together >~<

"it's rock floor designed to handle water Yuki, you could just go anywhere and there wouldn't be a problem"

Yuki: I wanna use the toilet~!

"Urgh fine"

Yuki: hurry up ><

"hey, I can't go out naked! I gotta find my towel!"

Yuki: it's gonna come out!

I put on my towel and walk out of the tub, the cold air don't have any mercy on me so I just heat up the air with my magic.

When we're about to get to the door I heard it open from tge inside

!

Yuki: Mom and dad are coming!

"do they know we're together?

Yuki: I don't think so...

"Mom gonna be mad if she found out we bathed together!"

Yuki: what do we do?

"Quick behind that bush!"

We grabbed our towels and jumped behind the bush, mom and dad came outside and they didn't seems to notice.

Yuki: I don't wanna see dad naked...

"I don't wanna see both"

Yuki: Uuuu... what do I do... I really have to pee...

"we just gotta wait until they're busy and sneak out"

Yuki: I don't think I can wait for long...

Her bladder was like a little inflated ballon I can tell she's struggling to hold her pee in but I tease her nonetheless. Nudging, poking, squeezing it. I fondle her bladder like a water filled balloon until it started to leak

Yuki: Nii... I'm at my limit

"we can sneak out now, just hold on a little more"

Yuki: I can't... it's leaking out

"Keep it in, just a bit then we'll be safe"

Yuki: Uuuu... i have to pee so bad...

SNAP

Yuki stepped on a stick like a scence straight out of cartoon. Making a sound we know Mom and dad can hear

Dad: who's there

Yuki: I... I can't take it anymore...

After letting her bladder bloat with pee for the sake of stealth, when we've been caught her bladder start spilling its contents out. She tried to keep it in but after a moment of struggles her pee burst out full force. We're in silence waiting for Yuki to finish her relief.

Mom: Yuki? ...Alex?

Dad: Alex?

"look, I've been here before Yuki, I'm not the pervert"

Yuki: I- I'm not either!

Mom: ...did you two do anything erotic?

"no we're just scrub... well massage each other back"

Yuki: and chat...

Mom: then... fine, Just because this is a special occasion. ...you two are grown up, don't do this anywhere else okay?

Us: Yes mom

Dad: can you two be somewhere else? Your mama and I are gonna have fun haha

Mom: papa! You can't say that to kids!

"We know"

Yuki: ...enjoy your night ...I guess ////

Yuki and I walk into the bathroom, She tell me to go ahead since she need to clean her pee soaked legs and use the toilet. Curious, I check her bladder. Turned out even After bursting in front of the family her bladder still quite filled since she stopped it from emptying as soon as she can

I grabbed my clothes and walk out

"I'll go to my room then"

Yuki: Umph

I pulled the charger out and grabed my phone to the bed and start watching random YouTube videos. Then there's a video call in the group chat, I joined to see what's going on

"Dude why are you calling?"

Joe: bro, hop on the game

Matthew: he's not home right now

"I'm at some hotel right now, obviously I can't bring my pc"

Joe: why are you keep being busy all the time?

"I don't know, my parents said we're going to grandma house but then we're here"

Joe: so you're with your family? Your sister?

"Dude stop trying to get my sister"

Matthew: yeah, he told me Yuki's a smash

"Bro?"

Joe: I didn't said shit, Matt made that up

"she's in highschool 💀"

Matthew: isn't she like... about to turn 19? Sound legal to me

"Yep her birthday is Feb 14th ...Wait what the fuck?"

Joe: lol

Matthew leaves the call

"💀"

Joe: he's gonna be back in a minute

Matthew: lol, you look terrified

"all of my friends try to fuck my sister..."

Joe: BTW you can still play mobile games right?

"yeah"

Joe: the hell you're waiting, hop on then

Matthew: dude, isn't he with the family

"my parents are getting freaky in the bath and Yuki's changing, don't see a problem"

Joe: can we peek at your sister

"bro?"

Matthew: just a little

"guys?"

Joe: joking joking

I turned off my cam and open the game, we keep playing for like an hour until I heard mom and dad coming inside the other room

"My parents are back gtg"

Matthew: goodnight

Joe: want a goodnight kiss? Muah-

I left the call as fast as I can...

Somtime later my dad was knoking on the door or I thought so.

It was Yuki, holding a couple bags. I quickly go help her put down since it look heavy

"why you here? thought mom and dad gonna separate us"

Yuki: Dad ask to switch with me...

"ah... We're going to hear thuding all night..."

Yuki: Wah... I guess They're still young enough to do it

"got your stuff?"

Yuki: Umhp I got my clothes, Toothbrush, Shampoo and ...personal stuff ////

"I'm not gonna ask but if you forgot something embarrassing it's not my fault"

Yuki: I won't blame you for that...

"Oh yeah, we have to sleep together since there's"only one bed, you fine with that?"

Yuki: I don't mind... just don't touch me weirdly when I'm asleep

"You're the one moving in bed..."

Yuki: hehe ////

I lay on the bed and move to one side so Yuki could sleep, she lay on the bed facing away from me.

"おやすみ" 「goodnight」

Yuki: goodnight~

END

*019*2025-01-22 17:03

Chapter 13: café, library, Blacksmith and adventurers guild

I start off with the usual. Wake up refreshed and my morning routine. Shower with my magic, wash my clothes and dry it off since I don't have any other one to wear yet and brush my teeth with apparently, a stick. It smells citrus like lime, orange or lemon. Julia and Anna told me it cleans your teeth

Then I get out my room. But before Julia comes out I need to check up on Ivy and Anna to see what they been up to. It's a total invasion of privacy but at this point who cares? I then turn on my x-ray vision and peek at them. Both of them were asleep. I sighed, I'm glad they're still here and not out there anywhere causing chaos

I walked around the structure of "tuma" while waiting for Julia. Because I woke up really early, I don't expect anyone to be up. I mean the sun isn't even up yet. It was somewhat cold but that doesn't bother me much, I go downstairs to the lobby and the cafeteria. There were way more people than I expected. It was 50% full, which is impressive considering how big it was. I talk with a few people. Most of them talk to me back, though our conversations weren't long in summary they were either late nighter came back from work or military and adventurers going out early. I asked where are the merchants since I thought they would be up early but turns out they were way earlier than me. Got info that merchant usually gather way before early morning. I think I wanna wake up early to join them one day.

After that I walk to the counter to order something but remember I was about to go out with Julia and should eat with her. I was already at the counter though so I tried to play it off by ordering a glass of milk ...I got side eyed, turned out there's no milk in the morning since "no one wake up this early to milk a cow" I forgot they have no fridge... so ordered a glass of water, drink it and return to my room as fast as possible.

I invade privacy one more time on the demons and Anna was actually up brushing her teeth.

Then I checked on Julia room... she was top naked and putting on her clothes. I don't peek too much so when she came out I can still act normal ...Nice breast though.

Not for long, Julia came out of her room with her usual clothes... the one she wear when she tried to kill me. It's very cute if we ignore that implication.

Today I was set to go explore Nora with Julia, or at least what I remembered. Since I'm still new in this world I want to explore the norm of this world. I figured a few place I want to go was library, Blacksmith, market and those shops in fantasy fiction like potion or enchanting shops

"Morning"

Julia: good morning Mr- Ahem Alex

"do you have recommended place u should visit?"

Julia: hmm? I think library, military Yaha and guild Yaha are important place. But it's up to you where you want to go

"well first let's go have breakfast, I've never been up this early before"

Julia: at this time there's only the Tumas kitchen that are working

"Huh?"

Julia: Wha-? Sorry I didn't mean to give an attitude-

"nonono, I'm just confused"

Julia: really?

"yeah, so why is there's no food outside tumas?"

Julia: ...this early, most of the people would be in their tuma or house so there's no one to buy food

"I've heard merchants go out early tho"

Julia: they go out to early to set up their stalls and usually sells fresh ingredients.

"Uuuuu, interesting. So we go eat at cafeteria?"

Julia: yes

"what you wanna eat?"

Julia: usually porridges ...it isn't very polite to ask for anything else this early

So that's why they give me side eye💀

Julia: you aright?

"why tho?"

Julia: because they have porridge ready and nothing else...

"huh? No, I mean why is there porridge and nothing else?"

Julia: I belive it's because porridge made of rice and other long lasting ingredients like salt, pepper and ham so they can make it easily using stock ingredients... it's also very cheap ...ah! Sorry for rambling

"it's fine, I like stories. But doesn't bread should also be on menu tho? It's from flour"

Julia: bread takes time for the dough to set and bake, it should be available in about an hour...

"yeah, porridge then"

Julia: Nods

Julia go to the counter to order food for us and we sit on a table. One thing, the table was a big long one that stretch across the cafeteria but people seems to leave space between groups. I sat and watch Julia sit next to me, looking around to pass the time.

Not long after we got our meals. It's small bowl of rice porridge with a bit of ham pieces in it. I tasted it and it was very bland. I couldn't find a salt dispenser so I asked julia

"Can I put salt in the bowl?"

Julia: You can ask them for it, why though?

"don't you think it's bland?"

Julia: Umh, thats what porridge should taste like, no?

"Well, it's your world. I think I'll have it this way too"

Julia: Nods it isn't worth it anyway

"Worth it?"

Julia: Yes?

"do salt cost money or something?"

Julia: Yes it does?

"Oh, why though"

Julia: it cost money to buy, therefore should have price.

"is it that costly?"

Julia: Umh

"huh... no, I mean why"

Julia: they have to go mine it from the stone valley

"wait, there's no sea nearby"

Julia: No?

"Oh, ok"

I continue eating the breakfast and talk with her. I told her I want to go the the library, Blacksmith and market for gears and essentials. We finish our meal and head out

Today, I have a secret plan. I wanted to watch Julia's bladder the whole trip.

I start off by checking it. Her bladder have a little pee in it, not much at all. Probably because she just emptied it before leaving her room. Judging from last time she'll be able to hold it the whole day but that's not interesting, I gotta make it more of a challenge. Since I want it to be all natural I won't put any liquid in there and let her bladder fills on it own. So what I think I should do is fill her up with beverages

I walk for a while and initiate my plan

"I'm thirsty"

Julia: should we go to a café?

"what? They have that here?"

Julia: it's a place where you can sit and have drink somtime with bakery, does this feel familiar?

"Yeah, ...it's just the word is kinda off-era"

Julia: off-era?

"like, imagine talking to someone and they suddenly speak ancient language you know"

Julia: I think I can imagine that

Julia take me to a café nearby.

It look like a small restaurant with a bakery stand inside. If ignore the medieval infrastructure it's like a normal café. Julia order a glass of milk. I want a cocoa or chocolate but I am not sure there's one, I ordered a glass of cocoa and a cookie anyway and surprisingly, they got it. When served it's hot, I'd enjoy it if it was winter but now it's like summer in tropical region here and I'm already hot enough so I use magic to create small ice crystal in the drink and turn it into iced cocoa. People look at me a little but no one said anything and go back minding their own business

It was good, didn't taste much like cocoa though. It's more fruity than in our world and have way less bitter after taste cocoa does. I asked Julia about it and turned out the cocoa here is processed differently than in our world. They don't roast them and instead dry then in sunlight. Weird but ok I guess.

After we finished our drink we pay, leave the place and Julia lead me to the library.

It's a two floor library with a lot of books. Not a massive one but I bet it's the biggest in town. We entered the door and walk to the counter then the Librarian turn our way and greet us.

Librarian: Ah, Ms. Julia How can I help?

Julia: Cassie! Long time no see! How are you doing? ...Ah! sorry, this man want to know about magic and history

Cassie: that would be 4th to 6th shelfs on the right and 8th shelf on the left respectively.

"you two know each other?"

Julia: She's my junior

"Nora have school?"

Julia: hmm? It's local hunting school we go as a teenager

Cassie: you never told my about this man, who might him be? Your dear perhaps??

Julia: Huh!? No! I'm his... friend?

"Hi, I'm Alex. According to Julia I'm her friend"

Julia: sorry... it's

"Just kidding, of course I'm down being friends"

Cassie: Hey! Alex? The man who save us from the demon army?

Julia: Nods it's him

Cassie: Really? Ms. Julia, you gotta tell me the story! ...sorry I got distracted... let me-

"No I'm fine actually, you can talk. I'll go read, you girls have your girl talk"

The girls look at me with confusion

Cassie: you won't mind?

"No?"

Julia looks...flattered? She's twitching around but her tail and ear isn't the same as when she have to pee. I checked anyway, her bladder barely got something in it. I thought so, the drink shouldn't be process this fast. I think she's just flattered

Julia: really? I do wanna talk but... isn't it rude?

"Is it? I don't find it rude, You girls are very polite compare to.... where I'm from"

Julia: Thank you...

Cassie: ah! When I think about it, maybe he's the type that want focus when reading.

I walk into the library to the 4th shelf and look for a book with interesting cover. When I found one, I opened the red book ...to see gibberish. Turns out the translation magic doesn't translate text.

I sigh, put the book back in it's place and return to the girls.

Cassie: Mr?

Julia: what's the matter you look ...upset are we being too loud?

"I can't read..."

Cassie: Eh?...Ahem, don't mean to offend

Julia: do you want me to read it out for you?

"...that's too embarrassing, it make me feel like I'm a toddler..."

Cassie: it seems that you're rather fluent, I thought you speak Ronora

Whisper "Ronora?"

Julia: whisper language speaks in this region.

Cassie hold her hands behind her back and close her eyes while we're whispering. She's probably waiting

"No I never learn to read or write Ronora"

Cassie: you might be interested in this book

*Cassie pull out a blue book from behind her out of nowhere.*

"Oh? What is that book?"

Cassie: it's a Magic book about Ronora

"Ohhhh? Magic? I'm very interested"

Julia: Aren't they very expensive? Like golds worth of money?

Cassie: Yea! It's a book that can make voices and imitate sentences. A rich folk from Taaw gifted this to me.

Julia: sorry, but who gives books as a gift?

"books isn't a normal gift here?"

Cassie: he visit every day and give me lots of flower, I ran out of vase so I tell him I like books more and then he donate these books to the library~ does he know I don't eat flowers?

Julia: I don't think he knows, have you tell him yet?

Cassie: No... do you think it's rude to tell him? I put it in vase every time but he seems to didn't pick up flower isn't my diet...

"Why you girls think he wanna feed you flower? He's totally in love with you!"

Cassie: W-What!? //////

"isn't giving someone flower an act of love?"

Both girls look at me with confusion then they started to blushes especially Cassie

Oh poor dude...

The girls get visibly excited, I think talking about love isn't very abundant opportunity here.

Julia: Wah! ////

Cassie: is it!? ////// tell me more!

"Well, it depends on culture but where I'm from. Flowers are very romantic. You putting it in vase probably make him think he has a chance"

Julia: what do you think about him? How is he?

Cassie: he's a very kind gentleman I'd love to date him.

"Oh really? How about you invite him to dinner or something?"

Cassie: mhm mhm! Ms. Julia I'm gonna have a date!

Julia: Congratulations! Mr- sorry... just Alex, you give her a chance to date!

"It may be just misunderstanding though... Well, he's probably interested... sorry don't mean to ruin the mood, I'm cheering for you too"

I look at the book in my hand

"How about this book? It feels kinda rude taking someone gift..."

Cassie: Hm? He donated it for the library, I don't feel good keeping it to myself.

Knock

I sound from the door interrupt our conversation. Every one look at the door open and sunlight casting on the carpet layer entrance

A guy walked through the door of the library. I didn't pick up much about his appearance since the outside was much brighter and I have to squint looking his way.

Cassie: Ah! That's him!

Julia: we should let them talk...

"yep"

I lead Julia out, on the way I look at the man. He was wearing a silk purple robe and a pearl necklace. I have no doubt he's very rich...

One thing, I still have the book in my hand and I have no idea when is the return date or was I allow to bring it out at all. I'll come see Cassie tomorrow about this since she's talking with the guy.

Walking out, I discuss with Julia about where to go next and we decided that we should go to the market since it's the closest. On the way to the library there are some shops and stalls but mostly residents. But the road to the market we're walking is full of merchants. There're even more of them as we walk closer to the market. Selling stuff like fruit, vegetables, meat or something like that. That reminded me of something.

I look at the sky. The sun is almost above my head, it's noon. Meh, I'll buy something to eat at the market

Walking down the road it suddenly got a bit quiet and peaceful. Though I don't know the exact why, I still ready myself for if someone jumps us.

Then someone did jump us. It's a merchant again. She's a fox(?) girl with a thick clothes with leather apron and gloves like what they wear in wood/metal workshop. She came to us with a really interesting proposal

Fox girl: Good day mister, may I interest you in ancient technology?

Julia: No, we're-

"Ouhhh ancient technology?"

With excitement I accidentally cut Julia off, She look at me confused like I did something wrong and she doesn't understand why did I do that. Analyzing her tone Julia seems to react negatively to her...

*whisper*

Julia: Alex? ...sorry

"what's the matter?"

Julia: It's obviously a scam, I didn't think you'd be interested...

"How'd you know? Is it because she's half fox?"

Julia: what, No! How did you came up with that conclusion!?

"sorry💀"

Well she did open with the most obvious attention grabber.

...I've just manage to become racist in another world...

Fox girl: Are you interested, Mr?

"yeah I do"

Fox girl: I'll show you, follow me!

Though against the advice of Julia, ancient technology sounds very interesting. Maybe it will be a quest starter introducing us to an ancient wizard or something so I followed her to a workshop of some sort. Inside I see a girl that look like the girl with the same outfit doing something with a piece of metal.

I also see a furnace nearby with a sword being heat in it. I think she's a Blacksmith. The girl walk us near the workshop. The Blacksmith turn around to us and rush to us

Blacksmith: Daisy! You bring someone again?

Daisy(?): Lucy! This gentlemen said he's interested in the rune!

Lucy(?): you are scaring the customers!

"rune?"

Julia: It's just a stone that cast magic when provided with sufficient mana, like on the frame of the portal you came through. It's very inefficient and to a mage like you it's better to just cast spell

"No I know what it is but-"

Daisy(?): it's not just a stone that cast magic! It's a very fine crafted sigil carved on an object to conduct mana and-

Lucy: Stop! Sorry, let me introduce ourselves I am Lucy and this is Daisy we are twin and we run this Blacksmith as you can see. How can I help you?

Lucy desperately jump out to explain why this is happening. I guess this situation happen often. Daisy look a bit disappointed when she was silenced

"No no, I'm actually interested, Let me hear more about runes"

Though I can't lie Daisy's pitiness is an influence The real reason I stand her ground was sheer curiosity and interest in what it could do.

I mean, automation right? Scroll and traps are great but imagine what you could do with the ability to assemble a line of these to do stuff. Well, maybe I should lower my expectations... but it's possibilities

Daisy: Really? Umh! Runes can do a lot of things though mine can only do simple task, the rune present inside the dungeons can do very complicated stuff. Im trying to understand them and in the process I have created some simple rune would you like to take a look?

I take a look at Julia, she seems to be more confused than annoyed, I think she feel negative about the runes but too scared/polite to interrupt.

I don't want to drag her against her will but runes are very interesting. besides, She doesn't look that against the idea.

"sure"

Lucy was clearly surprised, her jaw dropped but she quickly correct her posture before holding her hand at her lap and let Daisy lead. she take us to a room I think was garage? It doesn't have car but it's just like garage with tools replaced by books and runes. It's really messy

Daisy: Welcome to my workshop! Sorry it isn't much spacious

Lucy: mutters I didn't think anyone would be interested...

"what do we have here?"

Daisy: Ha! let me show you, this is water rune. You just have to squeeze your mana... into... It!

Daisy frantically run around the room with joy before showing me a rune. When she activated it, The rune lit up and a stream of water gush out at unfortunate Julia who's just standing there... she put her arms up to block her face in reflex but her clothes now wet.

Julia: !

Daisy: sorry!

Lucy: Ah! Sorry for her recklessness, I'll-

"I'll take care of her"

Julia look a bit grumpy but said nothing. I drain water out of the fabric of her clothes and it quickly ...vaporize? Then I remember when Julia warned me about magic water, this is probably it. The water created via magic cannot hydrate someone because of this, it vaporizes

Daisy's expression look bad, she seems very awkward and now she's embarrassed. I don't know how much she really knows about runes but it probably isn't much. She look like a nice girl and I don't want her ego to be damaged so I try to act unfazed.

Julia: ...

"Show me more"

She take a few moment then smiles. She then proceeds to frantically finds a new rune to show

Daisy: ...Umph This is a fire rune-

Lucy: Wait no! Not again! Ah!

Flame burst out of the rune's glyph and miss Lucy by a distance too close to be calm. Luckily there's nothing catching fire

Lucy: be careful!

Daisy and this is the wind rune~

Daisy: !

She blew her skirt up... it was white, yes she is wearing a skirt in her workshop outfit. Lucy hold her skirt down like she knows what's gonna happen and Julia doesn't wear skirt so I didn't get to see theirs.

Daisy: Hyan! ////

Daisy flatteredly bring down her blown up skirt and look at me with red face. She quickly composes herself and pick up another rune

Daisy: Ahem... Let's continue //// here's the earth rune... eh? Why wouldn't... eh?

The rune isn't working, daisy shake it and flick it but it didn't do anything. I turn to Julia to ask about it

"Is it broken?"

Julia: I think she ran out of mana...

Daisy: Lucy~ help me show this to them~

Lucy: Eh? But I... okay... give me the rune

Lucy hesitantly take the rune stone and start putting her mana into it. I know that because the rune's glyph lit up in yellow light. I ready myself a little in case a rock fly at my face but that doesn't seems to happen. Sand seemingly manifests from air and gather on the rune into a single ball. Lucy didn't shoot the thing and let it disappear in the air. It was fascinating, it's really cool seeing magic up close.

"anymore? Like thunder or levitation or trap, something like that?"

Daisy: ...that's all at the moment... I'm still learning their pattern-

Lucy: Ahem

Daisy: I'll be looking to it!

After the conversation I ran out of things to say since I'm done seeing runes and don't want to be annoying constantly asking about it. A couple seconds of silent later Lucy start to play with her hair awkwardly

Lucy: we also sell weapon and armor if you're interested...

"yeah sure, could use a sword"

Julia look at me confused. Then quickly calm herself, slightly embarrassed

"What?"

Julia: I thought you're a mage...

"that's what I'm best at yea"

Julia: wouldn't carry a sword trouble you?

"depends on how heavy it is but I'd like something to protect me other than magic barrier"

Lucy: maybe a dagger may I suggest?

"it's too short ranged for my liking... could check it out after the swords tho"

We look at Daisy, who then lead us to the front Blacksmith area. It's like the opposite of Daisy's workshop, it's very organized and spacious. There's axes, swords, armors shield and more. I wonder how Lucy was able to made these but sure

Daisy bring out a simple sword and put it on my hand. She struggled a little to lift it up so I ready myself too

Hhngh... ah!

I put it down after a while. I underestimate how heavy swords are or at least at this side, I've never wield any sword before so I can't really tell. It isn't too heavy to lift up like weight, it's like ...just hard to handle. I'm sure this thing will mess up my momentum and balance

Lucy: how is it?

"sorry, do you have a lighter one?"

Lucy: No... We don't have a ingredient for any lighter sword than this

"Really? I don't think swords are this heavy... Julia?"

I give her the sword. She struggles to handle it as well

Julia: This is a normal sword...

It's surely not, not the steel sword at least I think. It's so heavy compare to its size if someone tell me this is made of tungsten I'd hardly question them.

2 of them agree this is the norm and my dream of magic knight got far from really...

"I'll have a dagger..."

Lucy: umph, here are the daggers

Julia: for what purpose do you want a dagger for?

"why?"

Julia: I don't mean to be rude... sorry, I mean what do you want it for? So Ms. Lucy can help you choose the one that's best fit

She suddenly got scared, maybe it's the way I phrase so I try to change my tone to be friendlier

"I'm not mad, I just didn't hear it right. I want to use it to clash against melee weapon and maybe for normal use"

Lucy: then I'd recommend this one

She pull out a simple dagger from under the counter

Lucy: It have a front guard for redirection and have It's blade shape like a knife for cutting.

"Can I have a sheath for it too? Or do I need to find a tailor for it"

Lucy: Of course! I forgot about it. Let me get that, just a moment.

She then pull out the sheath and lay it on the table. There's a string on the opening though I don't know what's it for

"what's up with the rope"

Julia: I believe it's for securing the blade from falling out of the sheath.

"wouldn't it be hard to get out?"

Julia: there's a knot for that called a assassin's knot

"do you know how to tie it?"

Julia: Sorry, no.

"I think I remember there's a knife strap on your thigh. "

Julia: No... I did not have that one tied

"So you just let it hang?"

Julia: Yes...

I purchased the daggers and each of every rune Daisy has for me. You should see her face when I ask for the rune as well, it lit up with sparkles and stars. Julia seems to not be bothered about it anymore

Leaving the Blacksmith, I remembered I haven't checked her bladder yet so I do. It's getting full, it's already got a lot in. She's kinda showing signs but I haven't picked up since I'm all busy with the twins. Her pee is that golden color too since she haven't had much water. I wanna squish it but tell myself not to.

"Do you have to pee?"

Julia: Eh? Nods //////

"is it urgent?"

Julia: //// I can endure it I believe...

"you good if we go to the market?"

Julia: Nods

So then we went to the market. There, I find a lot of stuff and walk around the whole thing. It isn't as important so I won't go much into the details but I spent half an hour buying magic stuff that I'll mention later while watching Julia's bladder fills. Her bladder is getting pretty full now and her body language said so but I keep stalling and she doesn't mention it at all.

After a while though her bladder has gotten packed and she grab my shirt

Julia: ...Alex can we return to the tuma?

"Oh, yeah sure. In a bit"

She let go of my shirt and grab her thigh. It's full, her bladder is very ready to go pee pee right now. Despite that, she held for another 5 minutes or so before she really act up.

Julia: please return to tuma, I really need to use the bathroom...

I nodded and walk to the path we use to come in. I notice her pee is flowing into her urethra, I might have stalled for too long and Julia might not make it back...

Before we walk down the path Julia hold my shirt again. She's a bit sweaty also

Julia: can we go to the Guild's Yaha? Curls

"umph, yea. There's toilet there?"

Julia: yes...

I think the "Guild's Yaha" is closer so she chooses to go to it instead of returning to her room. I let her lead. Her bladder is now filled. It has gotten very big similar to when she was holding at the military camp. She keep walking but start to have difficulty walking fast. Not very long after she starts leaking. She jammed her hands on her crotch and curl to the front.

Julia: Ngghh... ahhng... ngghh

Her bladder looks so full I can't help but mess with it, I start feeling it using magic that's like a ghost hand to stroke her bladder. Then I start to push it around gently. Then I start squeezing it a little, it forces a gush to leak out and damp her panties. I see her sphincter squeezing real tight after that. I squeeze her bladder again and she almost tripped. Nothing came out but that must've felt very close.

Julia: please stop doing that... I might wet myself...

"Oh, you actually know I've been messing with your bladder?"

Julia: Yes!

"How do you know?"

Julia: I've been wanting to use the bathroom and my urgency swing as if someone is pressing on my tummy!

"how about this?"

I poke her bladder again but this time I keep digging my finger in it. I can feel it's tenderness as I push my finger and force her bladder against her pee.

She get really desperate and rightfully so

Julia: Ahhh! Don't, it's going to come out! Ahhh! Ah...

She leaked... there's suddenly a patch of wet fabric on a crotch of her short, she cover it and blushes. I shouldn't mess with her bladder more that this or it might leak even more.

"sorry, I'll stop"

Julia: ////

I'll be nice and not making her walking in the walkway with damp patch on her crotch by force vaporizing her pee with magic.

She made it to a big building and entered it without leaking but her bladder was bloated, really. I look like it's going to gush out in seconds

Julia: Uuuu, toilet toilet...

She curls down and leak a lot to the point it's dripping. I quickly cleans it up by magic and help walk her to where I think was the bathroom. It's a two door close to each other and similar symbols to the one on tuma's bathroom. I do wanna see her wet herself but we're too public to be sexy instead it would be humiliation... Julia almost burst in front of the bathroom but she was able to hold herself into the stall. I can't be there for long since I'm afraid I'm gonna get gunned down by people's stare. So I walk to a table nearby. Too bad they had magic eyes in mind and there's a black box around women's restroom when I'm trying use my x-ray vision.

I sighed and just wait there. Then I got poke on the back, I turned around to see who it was

"Oh? Anna?"

Anna: Mas-! Mr. Alex! Didn't expect you here.

"work as waitress?"

Anna: Yea! I love serving guest *especially in the night~♡*

"💀"

Anna: Haha, just joking. I just love free beers in the night

"you'd be totally hammered considering how much guys you'd pulls"

Anna: You know what to do~ just drink enough water and alcohol would just *go through*

"so you'll be peeing very often eh?"

Anna: *How about I hold it for you?*

"I like how you know how to get me interested"

Anna: Ahah~ I'm quite full already, care to take a look, curious one?

I Took a look at her bladder and man, Im captured. it's filled to the brim with golden liquid she's been holding. I can tell she's quite desperate.

"can I squeeze it?"

Anna: huhu, at tuma. Manager gonna scold me if I let customers touch me like that~

"are you good talking to me?"

Anna: I'm on a toilet break, she wouldn't mind a few chats on the way~

"Oh, so this is how much you usually hold before going to the bathroom"

Anna: I can pretend to use the bathroom and hold it in while taking your order, how is that?♡

"haha, nah. that sounds good but you'll need it. Just have plenty in your bladder when you visit my room tonight"

Anna: Umhm, I'll let you pop my champagne~♡

"Yo, you're so good at word. You know that?"

Anna: hehe~♡

Anna pat below her navel just right above her crotch

Anna: Eheh, gotta go now my bladder is bursting~

On the way she walks slowly whith her tail brushing on everything like she's stalling. I nudge her bladder so hard she leaked and she look back at me with a perverted smile before running off with desperation.

END

*020*2025-02-19 02:24

Chapter 14: Anna's day ...and night

If ignore her as the sin of lust, Anna is a normal girl with big boo- a personality. She's a kind and hardworking woman work as a waitress at the Guild's cafeteria. This is the part of Anna's day Alex didn't get to see.

Anna wakes up in the morning

The beer and water from last night get filtered into her bladder, after about 6 and a half out of sleeping her natural alarm clock began ringing. Anna is tired but after a while she got up. She's able to see in the dark better than human so the girl didn't bother light up the candle. She slumber straight to the bathroom and since she have no reason to hold it in the pale yellow liquid is let flow out of her urethra after her panties were slid down to her knees.

It felt incredible letting her full bladder relieve itself down the toilet. 26 seconds passed and her bladder was emptied, lies flat in her pubic bone. She wait til it stopped dripping and walk over to the sink before cupping a bit of water to wash her crotch. She undress herself and throw it in the laundry basket.

The water in the morning is freezing not that she's going to bath anyway but her half sleep butt got woke up as soon as she touches water. She then brush her teeth and come out of the bathroom

Anna was a bit shy coming out of the bathroom but Ivy is still sleeping so she is relieved, she walk over to the wardrobe and pick out one of the Guild's waitress uniform. It's a green dress with leather apron and belt on her waist. Since all the detail is in the clothes itself putting it on doesn't take a lot of time. Anna left a spare key on the bed table then pat Ivy before leaving. She locked the door and walk downstairs, checking her wallet on the way. Anna have enough to get porridge but She thinks she'll have some bacon sandwich at Guild's Yaha surely the bread would be ready the time she arrives.

Walk past Alex and Julia talking she didn't bother them and leaves. On the way Anna start humming tunes she heard from a bart last night, she met a couple similar faces and exchange smiles. So far she lives like a normal people.

When she got to the Guild she walk to the front table for check-in and to the staff room. She checked herself if she's missing something before walk out the backdoor to the cafeteria. She recognized a table of adventurers from last night still drinking, she remembered she might have let her sin went a bit rogue last night. She cringe from just remembering how she flirt last night.

The party just came back from defeating a B rank monster and they got a hefty funds from it but who would've known they're gonna stay this long.

The party's tank look at Anna and called for her.

Anna: how can I help you, sir?

Tank: beers more beers! Hahaha

Fighter: Got more *hic* apple cider? *hic*

Cleric: I'll have a glass of water for each of them please.

Anna look at the sunlight shining through the window

Anna: two glass of water...

Tank: Hey, what... about my ...beers?

Fighter: *hic* my cider! *hic*

Anna point at the beam of sunlight

Anna: sorry, we don't serve alcohol in the morning. It's Guild's policy... You can come back later or wait until the sunset if you want

Fighter: C'mon, just a bit more. We'll go soon *hic*

Tank: don't be a... party pooper ...man

Anna: I really can't do that, maybe you can buy it at liquor store and have it at your place..

...

Rogue: ...bitch

Cleric: hey, C'mon you can't say that

Fighter: keep your *hic* stupid book to yourself *hic*

The party then start to call each other names. Anna feels like she knows exactly why alcohol are banned during the day

Anna: if you excuse me...

!

As she was about to leave a guy grab her tail

Tank: No you're not

Anna: Ow, don't pull it like that!

The guy them proceed to keep pulling her tail while giggling with the party

Tank: like this?

Anna: Stop! It hurts! Ngggghh

This go on for longer than it should have. The most of the party were having fun, laughing at Anna being bullied. Then the yank her tail really hard, It hurts. Anna figured this gotta be justifiable for self defense and punch the guy in the face. However, at that moment Anna didn't remember she's a demon. Her punch dent the steel helmet and send the guy flying into another table, luckily it's empty. He was knocked out and everyone now looking at her.

A staff came in and separate Anna from the party

Staff: what happened?

Anna: this guy pull my tail... so I... punched him

Staff: he pulled your tail? Are you hurt?

Anna: my back ache a bit... I swear It's a self defense

Staff: I got you. You wanna go to the staff room?

Fighter: You are not *hic* The victim here... uuuuah BITCH *hic*

The guy then stand up, proceed to throw the most embarrassing punch and knock himself out falling. To be fair he was so drunk he didn't even stand properly so he might just pass out from the alcohol.

Anna get anxious , if the situation escalates she will most likely have to use her power since they can beat a B class monster. Surely she can't deal with them without using some of it. She's very lucky they're all wasted. Party's cleric seems to be very anxious as well. There's this tension between them that make adventurers the room feel uneasy.

BAM!

A massive man shoved the backdoor open and walk toward the site menacingly. That man is Anna's boss, much like a branch manager who's just return from another city. He is the strongest man here as far as She know.

Boss: Get out.

No one said anything. Like literally, the whole building were silence. Not a single person speak back. The party stood up and left with their unconscious member carried by mage's magic. The intimidation was there and Anna would've been in a puddle of cold sweat and piss if she didn't got her own massive field of mana. She's still scared of losing her job though

Anna: Mr Hank... I'm sorry for causing a scene

Hank: all good, I'll be in my office expecting a report

Anna: O- of course, I'll be there once I'm on my break

Hank: ...

Anna sighed, she was spared from unemployment ...at least for now. At this point most of the staff gathered around her including her friend Sara. Anna doesn't really wanna deal with this much people so she tell them off said she's fine. Then return to serving other customers. Her back was aching but it's getting better by hours and she can hide it well enough nobody said a thing. If she was just an ordinary dog girl. the yank would've paralyzed her, in fact it did. But her regeneration kicked in fast enough since her spine was just dislocated not disconnected.

She spend the rest of the morning taking order and serving foods to customers. On the lunch break, Anna go in the staff room to write a report on the incident. At half the break Sara come into the room with a plate of steak and fries for her. Anna didn't have any of it until Sara start feeding it to her. To Sara's he report was unnecessarily long and thick. Anna then spend the rest of the lunch break walking around for witnesses signature.

She resume her work in the afternoon like normal and go the office on her break. She walk up to the 2nd floor and straight to the office. She was so nervous about losing her job she didn't notice the change in mana concentration walking to Hank's room. In front of the door she gulped.

Anna: *Knocks* This is Anna from the morning, May I?

Hank: Come in

Anna: T-This is the report about this morning incident...

Hank took a few minutes flipping through the pages, stamp on the report and sign on a piece of paper.

Hank: Good, You're dismissed.

Anna: thankyou!

Anna leaves the room with her heart thumping. "HOLY SHIT I DIDNT GET FIRED" is now one of her emotions. All this adrenaline make her shake as she walk back to the staff room. Anna rub her lower stomach, she started feeling the need to pee. Though she haven't drink much, It's been 8 hours since her last bathroom visit and her body need to get rid of it's waste no matter how little she drank. It's starting to get uncomfortable so Anna figured she'll make a visit soon.

Anna return to the staffroom with Sara inside. It's like 2 minutes from their shift and Anna gotta take care of her need

Sara: how'd the talk turn out?

Anna: Ummm... Mr. Hank is being Mr. Hank like usual... I didn't get fired though

Sara: Thank Gods.

Manager: You two gotta stop chatting on your work hour...

Anna: Uh ah sorry boss!

Sara: on it boss...

Anna and Sara walk to the door

Anna: boss, can I go to the bathroom for a little?

Manager: Oh yeah sure, I didn't see you going in there since this morning. Carl said you're a wizard

Anna: ahah haha... I'll get myself done and go taking order...

Manage: Uhmp ok.

Anna try to keep her posture as she walk to the bathroom. People mostly out doing quest or their job so she didn't have to wait longer than a queue to use the stall. She almost forgot to take of her panties before letting it go. Then a wave hits her, The sin's wasn't there just for it to be a title. It does effect the user in this case Anna is being induced by lust and start feeling a bit hot in her genital. She is still holding it in and starts wondering about Alex's preference. She push down on her belly to feel herself just about to burst while thinking about Alex. She almost start masturbating in there but her full bladder made her wet herself before it get too hot in there.

Anna got embarrassed but quickly gain her composure, clean up after herself and go serve the customer. By wet herself I mean Anna pee just came out before she could touch herself so non of her clothing are stained.

Anna was doing her job until the party this morning show up again. They took seat at a table then the tank call at her

Tank: ah... miss!

Anna hesitate. She'd rather not risking it again

Tank: Miss, come here please

No one was there to get their order and they seem sober up so she reluctantly walk to their table

Anna: M-May I take you order, please?

Tank: Um... a plate of chicken kemwan, side of chicken salad and brown broth please.

Fighter: I'll... have a milk noodle and umm today's sweet...

Anna: okay... anything else

Everyone start ordering awkwardly

Rogue: dude we're sorry aright?

Anna: About this morning?

Cleric: I'm really sorry about this morning incident. We were drunk and these three was on the aggressive side so...

Fighter: I beg of you we're getting hunted

Anna: Okay... not really sure what I can help...

Fighter: we have compensation money can you drop the charge please?

Tank: We were wrong... please forgive us

Anna: what's going on!?

Anna is confused, they told her seemingly unrelated issues and ask her to drop "the charge". What charge? She didn't even see a knight here today and no way she'd have time to report them to military. Anna look over to Sara who's just finished taking an order from the nearby table and give her a wink

Sara walk to Anna and Anna start asking about the party and why they like this

Sara: *whisper* Mr. Hank put them on the assassin's guild board.

Anna: What? Really?

Anna: My friend told me you guys got your photo on a wanted list...

Mage: Yup, they did. I'm so done with them

Anna: so... how do I drop the charge?

Mage: *whisper*

Anna: that's kinda difficult... can't we just go talk to Manager and let him retract the wanted paper?

Everyone: Hell no!

Anna: I don't really want to do all these work...

Fighter: trust me it's gonna worth your time!

Hank: Got a lot of courage coming back here I see

AHHHHHHHHH!

Fighter: Mr. Renning I-I... I...I *pass out*

Tank: *pass out without saying a word*

Cleric: we're so so so so so sorry about what happened. We're here to apologize and settle a compensation for Ms Anna here...

...

Hank: you do understand this is an attempted murder right? And she's not the one who filed these charges, I did. Under the name of adventurers guild we filed these charges for violence toward our employees.

Mage: Mr. Renning. We weren't trying any murder we assure you, we-

Hank: weren't? You're adventurers, are you really sure you don't know what happen when you pull a person's tail?

...

The party and a few people can be seen lying on the ground. The aura he's giving isn't only a mind thing. He's leaking large amount of mana into the surrounding and it can overwhelm sensory functions. Anna is still standing beside him. Half of her initial mana pool is still enough to neutralize his aura but to be fair if she was assigned an army she would be the only one left.

Anna: Mr. Hank... they're all unconscious...

Hank: guard, to take them to jail

Seeing the scene, he stopped. Before he is gone however Hank take a look at Anna and sigh but never said anything.

After the whole situation has been resolved the Guild return to its busy evening state. Morning, noon, evening and night. Generally just anytime people isn't working Guild's cafeteria will be packed. It's a gathering place so in their break/ free time people would come here. Anna has gotten used to the busy work, mostly because she couldn't possibly exhaust her body with just a daily job . It would require heavy labor work to make her sweat.

Anna: boss, can I go to the bathroom?

Manager: *nods*

While she's on her way to the bathroom Anna feel something poking her from behind. She turn back to see what it was and...

Anna: Ah! Mr- Ahem, Alex!

Calling someone Mister was a habit, she doesn't really use to calling a man without suffix. Alex then ask her if she works here in which she confirmed. Of course with this guy the topic would go to pee again. Anna is already holding a lot so it keep getting more horny. When Alex ask if he can touch her stomach she's weighing the risk that she could pee herself if she let it escalates. At some point she remembered about what she almost did at lunch then it get bad real quick. they start talking dirty to each other.

Her sin is corrupting her. Even with full bladder she couldn't be stopped. The desire ro rouse up her target eclipse her urge to pee completely. At this point she's more interested in having sex than a relief. She was there tempting Alex until her pee starts to leak. Alex tell her to come to his room tonight and for her to go to the bathroom now. At this point Anna's bladder was at its limit, she really need to go now but gods is it fun to provoke him a bit more~ Anna keep dragging out but then she felt it coming out, Alex push her bladder. It's kinda sexy, well anything is sexy since she's getting corroded with hornyness but still. She look back to give him the last naughty smile before running to the bathroom.

Luckily and I mean very Luckily at this time of the day there's no queue. Anna bolts into the stall and yank down her underwear. She's still dry because she doesn't wanna wet her uniform but if she had to wait a few more second its gonna burst. The corrosion make her feels hot down there and it's making it hard to pee since her body thinks she's having sex. She couldn't pee for a while until she calm down. At this point her bladder is bulging, she needed to go so bad she took a deep breath and it's start to flow out.

Anna: Haaah

She wasn't the type to make noises but the relief is immense, it take a long while for her bladder to empty but as soon as she's done she made up her mind and get back to work.

Manager: you're slow... did you talk to someone on the way again?

Anna: ahah... sorry boss, my neighbor speaks to me and I let go of myself a bit

The rest of the night consists of Anna serving while occasionally get invited for drinks from some generous customer. She isn't alcoholic, the cider is just tasty to her. She wasn't try to get wasted mid work so she drink as much water as she drink those beverages. That means her kidneys were overworking getting rid of all the liquid she put in her system but no matter how much she push it, her regeneration will fix her kidneys even if they do fail. She visit the bathroom when she have to and though she have a few close call she's able to hold it in.

At the end of her shift around 9 pm she went to the staffroom to get her stuff. Her manager paid her a fair amount before saying goodbye. Anna was thinking to visit the bathroom but she's going home so that's not really necessary is it? She just gotta hold it in and by the time she's at Alex's room she's gonna be bursting just like he wanted. That's almost enough to get the sin corrosion starting...

Anna may have overestimated her bladder a bit because her pee starts leaking out half way to tuma. She feels the pressure spike for every step she takes and the feeling of desperation from her bladder wall stretching. She keep walking until she reaches her limit. It's just a quarter of the way to the tuma but her pee is going to burst out.

Anna look around and run to the nearest alleyway to reduce the pressure a bit. By the time she got in the shadow her panties was soaked. She get rid of all the obstacles between her outlet and the outside and let her bladder's contents flow. Tears was forming in the corner of her eyes from the desperation and relief, She's embarrassed from peeing outside but no one saw her so it's kinda aright. After a bit of peeing, She stop the flow and held the rest in. She wanna have a full bladder to present to Alex and if she let it all out the puddle might not evaporate out in time of morning.

Counter lady: Ah, miss Anna is it? Want to order dinner?

Anna: Not really~ I already had dinner at my work~

Counter lady: care for some chit-chat?

Anna: Umm... sorry, I'm kinda... really need to use the bathroom right now...

Counter lady: Oh my, see you tomorrow then~

Anna was able to hold out her pee. She walk upstairs to the hallway and she start being corroded as soon as she think about Alex looking at her while she's about to wet herself. Holding her pee never been this arousing... she took a bit of time to think before she forced unlock and open the door into Alex's room.

Alex's pov

I was reading the book until... Anna just come into my room... without knocking. Well, it's not the first time... luckily I'm not in the middle of something embarrassing. She's grinning and she look so smug, I'm guessing she's about to do something

Anna: Master~♡ I've- *heavy breathing* I've been holding it in since I left my work~

Anna pull up her skirt with one of her hand revealing her white stained panties. The skin around her crotch was shiny as well so I guess it's probably wet with her pee. I still have some grudge from last time so I make sure she's not lying. I turn on the x-ray vision and I'm surprised. Her bladder is more packed than I expected, while I'm looking she leak some out as well. Don't know if it's intentional but damn. I see her pee running out from her bladder through her urethra and out in front of me.

"Woah, start with flashing? How much did you drink"

Anna: Hmm~ I wonder~

She let go of her skirt and let it fall to its position.

Anna: master~♡ hurry up~ this dog can't hold her pee forever~~

She walk up to me and push me down on the bed, then she advance herself up from my knees. She was sitting on my hips and my dick was kinda between her pussy cheeks... she's breathing heavily and grinding a little with her motion. I feel threatened, well, maybe because if she fuck me I'll die.

I can't stop looking at her bladder, her pee is pale yellow and it's making the bladder look inflated like a balloon. I can feel her cleavage clenching as her pee tried to flow down her urethra. Then it spill, she peed a little while she's sitting on my crotch... I feel the wetness seeping through my pants. But still. As much as I'd like to pull my dick out, I don't wanna die...

"can I use my fingers? Would your ability activate?"

Anna: Well~Why don't you try I out?~♡

💀

"Whoa whoa, chill out, I don't wanna die"

Anna: Oh... Sorry

Anna lift her hand up from my body a bit and give me a pause(?) Then resume the mood by moving closer to my face. She pull on her lower lip with her index finger before giving a suspicious smile

Anna: No~ no it won't... It need a pole in a hole kinda action~♡

She said it while doing the 👉👌 thing with her hands. TBH I found it funny rather than naughty...

"Sure then"

I grab her and roll, she's now on the bottom

Anna: Ow~ you wanna top?

"It's easier this way"

I grab her skirt and yank it up so her bottom would be exposed. She's leaking and her vulva is twitching as it seep out. She looks more than ready to pee... I creep my hand up her thighs onto her intimate place. I slid my thumb between her cleavage and that made her let out a squeak

Anna: *gasp*

"can I touch it?"

Anna: be gentle~ it's really full~~

I hover my hand above her bladder bulge.

Anna: Hya♡

I nudge it, that's all it takes to make her squirt out a lot of pee. By the shape of her urethra that's not intentional. I use my other hand, slide it into her panties and use my thumb to seal her pee hole. I also use magic to squeeze her urethra shut it case her bladder overpowered the seal

"No, you can't pee right now"

Anna: ahhh!

I use my other finger to play with her pussy but one of my hand still pressing on her bladder. I push harder and her body began shaking.

Anna: Ow~ Ow~

Her bladder feels hard, It look like a deformed balloon under my hand, Anna breath start to become rapid. That's when I stop to look at her face. She's ...crying? Tears well in her eyes, it might be too much for her

"Can I go harder?"

Anna: I... *nod*

I start to push it down more, at some point I started using magic to compress it too

Anna: Ahh! it hurting! Master! Ahnh!

"Sorry, I got a bit carried away"

Anna: C-continue...

"Anna?"

Anna: I... I like it

"Are you sure?"

Anna: *Nod*

When she told me it hurts I lifted my hand up so we're starting over again. Halfway through she started flexing her tummy

Anna: Can you put your finger in me already? It's getting hard to hold...

"Umph"

Anna: Ngggh

She probably need to go really bad, it's gonna suck if her bladder start hurting while she haven't finished. I pull her panties out the way and do that stereotypical fingerings I've seen from porn... it could be better not gonna lie... but Anna look like she's enjoying it

Anna: F-faster♡

Her bladder is inflated, not as in a way to tell its full. No, it's like a balloon that you put way to much air in it. I think she just hurry me because she have to pee so bad at this point. I tried my best to go fast without scratching her inside with my nail. She starts shaking badly

Anna: Oh, Ahh. M-my bladder is going to...

*pop*

💀

"What was that?"

Anna: I think my bladder... bursted

I forgot that she's unable to wet herself because of the magic ring around her urethra. Her bladder did bursted, it has a ruptured wound on the dome, There's a tissue separating her pee from her abdominal cavity so It doesn't look that hard to heal

"I thought you were holding aright!?"

Anna: it hard to notice when my body is this oversimulated...

"There's no way you didn't notice your bladder as it's about to burst! hold on, I'll fix it"

Anna: D-don't use healing! It's going to hurt worse!

"I don't use sacred healing, I don't even know gods here... You'll be fine"

I gather urine back into her bladder and repair her bladder muscle. I temporary contain her pee in a force field to prevent it from getting on the way of healing tissue. When it's repaired I stop the force field. First thing it does is trying to tear another wound so I tell Anna to let it out

Anna: Ngghh!

"pee"

Anna: But we're on the bed-

"your bladder's gonna pop a second time if you keep holding it"

...

Anna: E-excuse me

Anna began to pee. I hear the sound of her pee soaking into the bedsheet. Despite having to pee very badly I guess pee shyness in her genes activated. It only trickles out in a little water fall of her vulva. I get a bit curious and press on her bladder to see what will happen and it shoots out. She look very relieved. Anna peed on the bed so much it can't absorb in time, It's starting to spill on the side of the bed.

"you should probably stop"

Anna: Ah, sorry

"I'll clean it up later but next time don't keep it to yourself okay? If it's really an emergency you should tell me"

Anna: I thought you'd like it...

"bursting your bladder is kinda too far for my liking"

Anna: understood... can we...continue?

"I'll put some pee back in, if it's enough just make a noise"

I was going to put her pee back into her bladder but I remember UTI exists so I create a bunch of warm water inside her bladder to fill her up. She can hold a lot, really a lot. I don't know much about her past but if she did drink every night that gotta be a big influence. She let me fill her bladder up so much it's bulging. Then she squeak. Her bladder look like pee pee going to come out any moment

Anna: Ahnh!

"Are you sure it's okay?"

Anna: It- It's just a bit above my limit... I'll be fine if you don't take too long...

"Ok, let's resume"

Anna: Be gentle♡

I put my fingers back into her vagina, rubbing the inside. It's kinda hot how I can feel her bladder from there, When I put my hand in I can feel the pressure pushing against me. Every time I push my finger against her bladder she clench. Still doesn't convince me to put my dick in there, I'll be jerking off about this later thanks...

I losen the tie I put on her urethra this time so her bladder won't burst. It help a lot since a lot of pee keep seeping out, that means it's working. After a while of playing with her inside she start making noises, then squeak, then moan. She's breathing heavily and her body keep twitching. I think she's about to ...uh...finish. I losen the ring on her urethra then pee and some slimy liquid start to spill out

Anna: I'm- I'm going to... hnngh♡

"you can let it go"

Anna: Ahhhh!♡

I'm not sure if I should pull my hand out or not but I keep it in while she's on climax. Anna's body tense up and she squirt out a lot of pee-bodily fluid solution in waves. By the time she relaxed down her bladder was spilling, I don't think she's trying to hold it in at all... I rub her bladder and urine keep bursting out when I press it. She only stop when her bladder stopped stretching

Anna: haah... hah...

"go pee"

Anna: *nods*

She gets up from the bed and walk to the bathroom. I can hear her sighed after she starts peeing. She came out flushing red, she didn't even look at me.

Anna: Alex... I'm sorry about the mess...

"I can use magic to clean it up no worries"

Anna is twitching around in front of the bathroom door

"I'll clean your clothes too, take it of a bit"

Anna: It's kinda embarrassing... I mean um... After I...finished right? My ability calm down and I got this embarrassment after... it's kinda

"Hm? So it's like, you're not you when you're horny?"

Anna: *Nod* I'm so embarrassed...

It's like post nut clarity I guess? I'll ask her later because she look like she's going to jump out the window right now if I ask.

I already have this image of her being a degenerate horny freak but seeing Anna right now make ME feel like a freak. she look so cute I don't know why...

"okay but that panties flash when you entered my room is so hot, can I see it one more time"

Anna: I-I suppose...

I swear I can see those spiral eye when anime characters are embarrassed, She tried to act degenerate smiling but when whatever giving her that confidence is now gone so she's just very very very embarrassed. She then tiptoe into position, grip the rim of her skirt and...proceed to take 5 minutes in that pose. Finally she lift it up revealing an even more wet panties than when she first came in my room... well she just wet herself. She quickly shove it back down and hide her face behind her hands

"Come here, I'll dry out your clothes"

Anna: I'll- I'll go change in my room

"what if there's someone in the hallway?"

Anna: Haahhhh //// I'd die of embarrassment...

"C'mon, I won't do anything weird"

Anna: please... take...care of me...

I take Anna into the bathroom where it's easy to use water magic without making a mess, then I start by rinsing her clothes with water. I make sure it's warm so she'd be comfortable. Her panties is a bit to awkward to reach in so I ask her to take it off, She turn red when I told her but comply. I make sure the water flow through her crotch and then dry it off by making warm wind to blow from under her skirt. Of course I told her to hold down her skirt first. After her and her panties all dry and clean I return to the bed where I start to clean it.

Anna took a while in the bathroom to calm down(?) and when I was pulling her pee put the fabric of my bed she came out and does a little bow to me before heading out the door. She stop at the door

Anna: have a good night...♡ //// ah~ what do I do~

"Sweet dreams~"

Then I was left here cleaning the bed

END

*021*2025-02-24 10:00

Art: Anna flashing Alex her wet panties

Spoiler

&&

*023*2025-03-17 17:40

{{On 3/16/2025 at 10:01 PM, cathong said:

Well, I think there can be side stories about what those female patients in chapter 6 had gone through.

The story of a girl with no genitals can also be blending with orgasm denial theme.

}}

I'll think about it, it's just a bit so i don't think someone would be interested but if you want i'll do it. it'll post it as it's own thread when i got an idea. if you wanted to you can use my character to write one yourself. i don't mind

