Omorashi with magic(rework)

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*008*2024-08-21 16:20

Chapter 7: back to Nora

I sit there hyperventilating for a while. Eventually I was able to calm myself. It was sure scary, but they couldn't do a thing to me.

After I stop panicking I start to calm Julia down before she gets serious panic attack.

She have too much stress from both her mental and body. She was not responding... she was scared to her core and with a full bladder in her body, She's overwhelmed by the pressures. I know she's trying her best but her heart rate doesn't decrease, I cant just let her be like this.

I honestly don't know what to do to calm her down, so I just go with petting. Nothing crazy, just me stroking her hair back and fourth gently with my hand. It was not quite effective at first but after sometimes she calm down

Her heart beats slowly drop to normal and she breathe more rhythmically. She open her teary eyes.

Julia: Pet me more...

"ok... I guess"

She calm down from a panic to slightly frightened.

Then I feel warmth on my leg.

I look what's causing it and it was Julia. A small stream of pee was able to leak out from her shorts. She's panting quietly, Must have been holding it in for a really long time.

Her bladder is relieved. It looked almost exploded but after a while it's just really full. Julia get a hold of herself and stop. She's embarrassed.

Julia: I-I want a more private place...

"that's right... sure"

I take her into a small tent and put her down, she looks at me. I sigh and start petting her head. She closes her eyes.

Julia: I can't... it's so embarrassing...

"heyyyy! Stop messing with meeee"

Julia: It can't be help! I'm so nervous!

A moment of silence later...

Julia: I want the warm water like when you wash me last time...

"Oh? You liked that one?"

Julia: don't tease meeeeee!

"ok ok"

Julia stands up, I kneel in front of her. Her crotch was so close to my face I can smell her pee, She backed away... I position my hand and ready

"I'm gonna start, ok?,"

Julia: Nods

I look into her bladder, there's a lot of pee stored in it, waiting to come out. I match my water temperature with it and start letting it flow through her crotch.

Her ears and tail stand up straight as the warm water run down through her stomach down onto her crotch.

She started to go with the water. Her bladder sphincter relaxes. The pent up urine filled her urethra, She blushes.

She relaxes her final floodgate, her pee starts to come out.

I stop the water and let her pee down her shorts.

Julia: heyyy! Don't stop! It's feeling like I'm just wetting myself!

"Well, you're peeing yourself either way"

Julia: but I feel better peeing into the stream!

"you can't stop, can you?"

Julia: Nghhhh... no... blush

Help out

After Julia was done, I thought I should go help them clean up the camp. The soldiers are healed. There's no reason to stay longer.

I go out the tent to met the sight of many girl, I mean tons of them really desperate to pee but couldn't find private spot inside the camp.

Some of them already have stained on their robe(most of people here wears it) some wet themselves already.

I ask Julia to write "female bathroom" on a sign and put it up over the entrance of the tent we just use. In there I gathered buckets and cloths for them to use.

They would pee into the buckets. Use the cloths to wipe their private and cover the urine filled bucket, allowing them to carry it without too much embarrassment and dump to the outside of the camp

The girls are delighted by the bathroom and form a line waiting to use it. After a while there's pool of pee where they decide to dump it.

I moved on and help clean up the tents. I would let the soldiers take care of the tent cloth and things inside it. Until all it left was Pilars and supports.

I would unearth them thrm telekinesis and lay them on the wagons. Peoples in the came they look at me with too much amazement, so I tune it down only lifting only one at a time. Until it's all done.

Since that's what takes the most time clearing, we're now only need to March back. It's takes 2 hours with wagons but it's already evening. I was asked to help escort the army but I declined.

Farewell to the fallen

Before I leave I walk into the forest one more time, this time with confidence. I hear the same uncanny sound but I continue. I reached the sea of blood, The area where the war take place. I hear the same spirit talking to me.

It's you! Are you here to join us?

The soldier spirit joking to me, smiling. I take a deep breath and sigh.

I cast a large magic circle and send every spirit to heaven.

Guess not haha! wave

I stick out my tongue as they dissapear. That's what you get for teasing me.

After that I reunite with the army.

I'm here for like 4 hours already. if time pass at the same rate it would be 8 pm by now.

It's not like my house is strict, but they would be worried. I don't think my parents care very much but I don't wanna leave my little sister alone.

I excuse myself and Julia to the commander and go ahead to Nora.

Nora

By the time I'm at Nora, the sun is already setting. I ask Julia if she could lead me to the gate so I can go home.

"can you take me to the gate?"

Julia: it's already late, how about you just stay the night here?

"I need to go home"

Julia: Can we go tommorow?

"I need to go today"

Julia: why do you want to go home that bad?

"I have little sister to take care of"

Julia: OH... I...I- I understand B-But! Sweats

"What are you hiding?"

Julia: Nothing?

I let the silence judge her

Julia: I'm scared of darkness...

I sighed. think about it, if I were to force her to take me to the gate, she would have to walk 30 minutes back to Nora in darkness. I'm not that cruel... maybe.

"I'll go there myself then"

Julia: just so you know... the gate can't be open at night...

"heyyyyy~! Just say that in the beginning!"

Julia: sorry...

"Where should I stay... I got no money"

Julia: My Tuma?

"Excuse me, the fuck is a Tuma?"

She's shocked, her ear flatten, her tail drop, closing her eyes. She's look scared and upset. I suspect it was the translation.

"sorry, I think that's a mistranslation. I mean I don't understand what is "Tuma""

Julia: You aren't mad at me? Look up

"Nonono, not at all. I think I used sensitive words and it translate literally"

Julia: so you're not gonna beat me up?

"no!"

Julia: It's- It's where people rent a room and lives... I can give you money for that...

"an apartment?"

Julia: fire?grass?

"Nothing"

I think it transliterate "apartment" to her and she tried to make sense of it by saying words that sound alike and then translate back to me in English. Now I know "fire" and "grass" sounds like "apartment".

"anyway, what I said back there was that scary?"

Julia: you suddenly say a bad word and sounded angry...

"Fuck you"

Julia: blush what!? That's- that's embarrassing! I'm not ready!

Oh... it just translate that literally...

I grinned

"What did I say?"

Julia: I- I don't wanna say it out... blush

"it's fine, I wanna know how bad was that"

Julia: It's- it's not rude but...

"come on, say it"

Julia: s- se- sexual i- Intercouse with... me...

"WHOA!"

Julia: it's so embarrassing!

"pussy"

Julia: little cat? You're so random...

It's translating literally...

"vulva"

Julia: EEKKK! What!? WHAT? Why did you say that!!?

"Both of those words can mean the same thing" point at her crotch "one is a slang one is the actual word"

Julia: blush you... you are so perverted

"ok ok, move on. I'm gonna call Tuma "apartment" ok?"

Julia: o-ok

"Where is it? your apartment,"

Julia: follow me... don't say that again, ok?

"vagina"

Julia: I- I guess you could say that instead, but it's still... very straight...

Huh? I guess apparently in this world they decide vulva was more valued as feminine part? I guess once she's comfortable to let you see it you might as well see the vagina.

Julia leads me to the Tuma, where she tried to rent a room next to her for me but it's all filled tonight. The keeper said the room next to her will be available tommorow.

Julia sighed and order 2 dinner. the keeper's eyes sparkles, she ask Julia if she finally finds a boyfriend. Julia blushes and say I'm just foreigner friend visiting, a Good cover up!

Julia lead me to her room, she takes of her robe and the dagger strap on her right thigh. She said I should wander around the Tuma. I think she's going to undress and bath. So I walked out the room and wander around.

I say hi to our neighbor who lives in the opposite room next to ours. She looks very kind, she also have brown dog ears and a tail. I talk to her a little and get asked if I'm Julia's boyfriend. I said "no, I'm a foreigner friend came to visit" then she stop asking further and tell me have a nice day.

I go down to the dining hall but get told to take a bath first. I understand, People would have their body full of sweat by this time of the day, so if they just all gather here it would absolutely smell like sweat. I figure it was a good time to recreate a little service scene.

I went up the stairs, and go into Julia's room. I see her clothes on the floor, time for a service scene I guess.

I walk to the front of the door, grip the handle.... and finally, the bathroom scene.....

Julia: I'm using the bathroom!

"Oh! Ok"

I backed up. How could this be? she said it before a could open the door. Maybe it's her ears that able to hear better. "Dammit" I thought to myself.

Julia: I'm coming out! Let me put on my clothes first!

"ok"

Julia walk out the bathroom, there's steam around her.

Julia: you can use it now...

"sure"

Julia: you can use my clothes if you want

"I'll just clean mine with magic"

Julia: if you said so...

I went in the bathroom, splash myself with bucket of water and go in the bath. Julia's bath water... I wander what the norm in this world is. I won't complain tho. It smells nice.

After I'm done. I dry myself, wash my clothes and put it on. Coming out in like 5 minutes. Julia look at me and tell me to the dining hall together.

I got stopped by guards telling me to go bath, I tell them I bathed. They don't believe me since I'm wearing the same clothes. But I tell them to smell me. They hesitate but do it eventually. They apologize and let me through.

When me and Julia came in. A waitress escorts us to the table, There were 2 plates of dinner ready. We sit and started eating.

Julia: I'm sorry about dragging you here

"it's okay"

Julia: What about your little sister?

"if she can microwave the food it should be fine"

Julia: spice cloth?

"mi-cro-wave, it's how we warm food up"

Julia: microwave? ...Why do you need to warm the food? Shouldn't it be hot when it's made?

"I made them this morning"

Julia: it would have rotted by now... there's no saving it

"I put it in the "fridge""

Julia: ice?

"if you hear something strange just assume it's my language"

Julia: Nods Fridge... what does it do?

"it's a cold cabinet and when the foods are cold, they don't rot. But it makes food really cold, That's why we warm it up before eat"

Julia: ohhh I see.

After we finished our meal we go to our room to go to sleep.

"can I borrow your robe?"

Julia: why?

"I'm gonna use it as pillow"

Julia: nonono I already asked them for a mattress

"Oh okay, then I'll wait. You go to sleep I'll go help them bring it up"

Julia: You can have the bed, I'll wait

"having the person who pays for my place to sleep sleep on the mattress? No..."

Julia: it's fine when that person brings you to another world to save their village and you did a good job.

"this is awkward..."

Julia: Nods

I go down to see 2 room service carrying a mattress upstairs, that's probably mine... I tell them it's fine and lift it up using telekinesis.

When everything is set. I and Julia decide who should sleep on the bed by rock paper scissor. It was Julia.

Then we sleep.

End

*009*2024-08-23 17:58

Illustration of chapter 4's water scene, will update more later

Spoiler

When mc runs warm water through Julia's pants, heavily induce her urge to pee

&&

*010*2024-09-01 16:16

Chapter 8: back home

I wake up, slowly open my eyes.

"Huh?"

I was surprised that the sight I see isn't Julia's room... It's mine.

I also feel refreshing even though I think we sleep at like 11pm. I checked my alarm clock, it's 6 am. I skip my alarm clock so that it won't went off at 6:30, my usual wake up time.

I checked my calendar, it's the next day after I went into the portal. It must've send me back while I was sleeping.

Anyways, I go do my stuff in the bathroom, come out, dry myself and wear my uniform, ready for school.

I pick up my bag and head downstairs. I see my little sister cooking and I smell curry.

"morning Yuki"

Yuki: morning, ...wait! don't look!

I looked and see Yuki blushing, one hand stirring the curry, another covering her chest. She is wearing her pajamas and an apron though.

"didn't wear bras?'

Yuki: I didn't think you are going to wake up early!

"it's fineee, I see you naked like a thousand times already. And you're wearing an apron, it's not like anything is gonna poke out"

Yuki: you- you pervert! ...yeah you're right. Sigh

"But like, You? Cooking? Curry? In the morning? Everything is wrong here"

Yuki: What? I can cook too!

"OK, two things left, curry? In the morning? You're gonna be late and smell like curry..."

Yuki: Well... I didn't think about that...

"but why are you cooking anyway?"

Yuki: I see you come home last night and went straight to bed, didn't even bother having dinner. So I thought something happened and make you something in the morning could sheer you up.

"Nothing happened tho..."

Yuki: I know, no depress people singing downstairs and talk about my nipples

"bruh"

Wait... I came home last night? Did I walk home unconsciously while sleeping? Anyway, the curry is like 50% done, by the time she's done making she wouldn't have time to prepare for school.

"You wanna like, switch?"

Yuki: Nono it's fine.

"let me help, we're gonna be late"

Yuki: I can it this alone, go do something.

With that I'll happily take her advice. Aright I'll do something. That is of course... I turn on my x-ray vision again.

I take a peek on her bladder. it was near empty, obviously. Yuki always wake up because she have to pee, that's how she wake up. It's happen so often her alarm clock becomes useless at this point. And she would take a longgggg piss in the morning. I know this cause when we're still sleeping in the same room Yuki is most likely to wake me up at 6 am where she would shake me violently until I wake up to take her to the bathroom.

She's a big girl and have her own room now. But her habits doesn't seem to change.

Anyways, Back to the present where I try to make her want to pee. It's the same strategy, I copied and put more pee inside her bladder. Yuki feels her growing need to pee but she still keep it in. I keep the filling subtle and not so questionable, making sure she thinks it's her own pee.

She keep it to herself dispite her body language and the bladder I see suggests she need to relieve herself. She hold it in until she starts to leak then she's forced to ask me. (Nii is form of "Ani:兄" means older brother, kinda like "big bro")

Yuki: nii, Can you help me stir for a while?

"Why"

Yuki: I want to pee...

"can't you hold it? I'm kinda lazy"

Yuki: I woudn't bother you if I can, I want to pee really bad!

"how bad are we talking about?"

Yuki: can you stop? ...I'm gonna wet myself!

"ok ok"

I switched with her and let her go pee.

Yuki: Ah ah, it's gonna come out...

While she's still in the bathroom. I take the chance to accelerate the cooking process with my magic. After it's cooked. I tasted it and fix the saltiness by literally pull out the salt. By the time she finished her business and came out, I was done.

"Do You wanna serve?"

Yuki: It's done? I thought It would need to be cook for longer... wait, hold on. What kind of nonsense did you pulled this time?

"I just crank up the heat so it cook faster?"

Yuki: doesn't that just make the food burn? Look ...What? Sigh You know what? I'll just stop thinking about it.

"Sure, are you serving? You're the one making it"

Yuki: Yes, I'm gonna serve just sit and wait.

"it's 6:50 am, won't you go shower and dress for school? I'll take care of this so we won't be late"

Yuki: No, I cam manage that. I don't wanna be taken care all the time...

"Sure"

I let her serve the plates she's been doing, she brought the plates to the table then lay it down. She's standing at the side of the table her crotch is just a little lower than the table level, it's also have a wet spot between her legs.

"you peed yourself?"

Yuki: I didn't! It leaks because you're so slow!

Yuki cover the wet spot with her hand and blush. She sigh and sit at the other side of the table. Then we both enjoy the curry.

Yuki: ...It's really good! What did you do to it?

"hmm?"

Yuki: I messed up and put in too much salt, how did you fix that?

"I pull the salt out"

Yuki: What? How did you do that exactly?

"too much chemistry I don't wanna explain"

Yuki: eh? ...wait is there chemicals in here?

"I neutralized all of them"

Yuki: So there was!

After we finished the meal, Yuki go upstairs to prepare for school. I just sit snd watch some YouTube videos about the game I play.

After sometimes Yuki rush downstairs with all her stuff, she ask me if we're late. I check my watch and it's 7:44 am. If we run we can make it.

We both grab our bags and leave. Running through any shortcut we know and arrived at the school it time. Yuki is huffing, exhausted. I wait for her and go through the gate together. Where I wave to her because we study in different buildings, We separated.

I walk to my class, open the door and says hi to my friends. Then I sit next to Sarah cause thats my seat. She's drinking her morning coffee I guess. I said morning to her, she look at me and seems embarrassed. I forgot what had just happened yesterday since I'm all busy with the other side. We sit awkwardly.

Sarah: Thanks for the yesterday, I don't think I could made it without your advice

"You're welcome I guess"

Sarah: Keep it a secret, okay?

"Sure, how did it goes?"

Sarah: Eh? What should I say If you ask like that? ...I went in the bathroom just in tine I guess. Afterwards it felt really relieved, I thought my bladder would burst...

"Is your bladder okay?"

Sarah: it's kinda ache a little but I'm fine now. How do you know about this pee holding technique?

"I have little sister who always have pee emergency, I just remember her holding techniques"

Sarah: Oh, your little sister...

I perk up a little when she mentioned her bladder. I always was a fan of girl bringing up their pee desperation.

"What's the next period anyway?"

Sarah: homeroom?

"No, I mean the next one"

Sarah: math?

"Bruh, I forgot the book"

Sarah: You can watch with me, Let's put our desk together in math class.

"Oh, thanks."

We have the homeroom teacher telling us about the field trip next Monday to some ancient city and market at the other city. Sarah ask if she could sit with me since she isn't able to fit in with other girl, to which I said Sure. Do you know how much I can brag my friend with that? And omo situation I might encounter? It's win win Boi.

We have another 20 minute of my homeroom teacher absolutely destroyed us about the cleanliness and the work we haven't finished. But after that it's break before math.

Sarah: Should we do it now?

"okay" moves my desk to hers

Sarah: Umph! Brings out math books

We arrange the stuff on the tables so the book is on the middle between the tables. Then not so long after the math teacher comes in, she looked at us then she squint her eyes. She noticed we're sitting together because we're sharing a book so she continues walking in and starts the class like normal and let us be.

After the lesson was over. I checked the schedule, It was biology. I moved my table back to place and pack my stuff to move to the lab.

Sarah followed me to the biology lab and sit with me. My friends are in the front so they don't look back to talk much since biology teacher is a dick ...well just strict but we hate him for that. We learn about urology which is kinda awkward for me and Sarah But I enjoyed the slides.

1 hour has passed and Sarah started shifting her body around. Then I remember the coffer she had this morning and how she didn't visit the toilet a single time. She probably have to pee but chose to follow me around. But now her bladder is full

Sarah: Alex(yeah that'smy name), I really want to pee... what should I do?

"Eh? So suddenly. How bad? In scale of 1 to 10"

Sarah: 7, it's not like last time but I don't think I could hold it in for another hour...

"try don't move much, compress your bladder down until you barely hold it in"

Sarah: how would that help me? I might pee myself!

"just hold it, it tricks your body to think your bladder is full so it slow down the urine production "

Sarah: I see... tries Ahh nnngh it's worse than I thought...

"keep it in, it's kind of bladder training"

Sarah: Ahh, I-Is this good?

"I don't know, if you really need to pee like it's bursting it should be okay"

Sarah crossed her legs and bent down to squeeze her bladder. Seeing her bladder squish in x-ray it's kinda cute. I don't know how much coffee did she have but her bladder fill up pretty fast. Not too long it's start making her body jolts a little.

Sarah: I can't take it anymore! What should I do?

"release the pressure you're putting on your bladder, gives your bladder back the capacity"

Sarah: puts legs down Hahhh, i feel so much better...

"Now you know how it feels when you really about to pee right? Keep the pressure steady"

Sarah: I don't wanna push it in anymore! It felt so overwhelming....

"okay"

She keep it in for sometime but she drank too much coffee that the gained capacity filled in no time. I can see her bladder bulging out a little. But with x-ray vision her bladder was not a little. It's bloating because of the pee she's been holding.

Sarah: I can't hold it anymore! I'm gonna ask the teacher!

"don't! You know how Mr. Lockwood is. He's not gonna let you go"

Sarah: but it's the students right to use the bathroom!

"he didn't let us bring water in, how do you think he would let us let our water out?"

Sarah: B-but I'm gonna pee myself!

"he's teaching about the bladder. If you go up to him telling him your bladder is full, what do you think will happen? He probably gonna get you to be the subject"

Sarah: ...I don't wanna be his subject... what should I do? I can't posdibly hold it in for more 40 minutes!

"keep holding it steady, when he turn around we sneak out. His old ass won't notice a thing!"

Sarah: I don't know how long I can wait... every seconds I feel like it's gonna come out.

"I know, but it's the only way I can think of"

We waited for the professor to look away from us. While doing so I watch Sarah trying to not leak but after sometime has passed and teacher still looking she starts to lost her control. I can't help her relieve since we're not allow to bring water so she have to store every drop of urine in her own bladder. At some point she leak out some because her bladder was too full it might burst.

Finally that old dick turn around to find something. I get up and pull Sarah's hand. Turned out she have passed her limit to the point she can't move normally anymore. I figure there's no time so I carry her out before the professor turn around.

After we got out Sarah squeeze my hand. I might have put too much pressure on her bladder she can't help but telling me to stop. Her skirt start dampening.

Sarah: it's coming out Alex, I can't take it anymore.

"hold on just keep it in a little longer"

Her mind and bladder give up halfway to the bathroom. Her bladder was so big I hesitate but at last I decide to lock her urethra with magic before she could start peeing in my arms.

I got to the bathroom, where I don't know which gender should I go in. Sarah can't stand on her own so I can't just let her down and wait. She begged me so I carried her inside the women's bathroom and sit her on the stall then leave to wait outside.

Sarah bunches up her skirt and take off her panties, ready to relieve her aching bladder. But then I hear her shouts for help

Sarah: I can't pee!

"what!?"

Sarah: I can't pee!! It won't come out!!

Shit, I forgot to release the seal I put on her urethra

"try do a gentle push around your bladder!"

Sarah hold the breath and push on the area around the bulge. She did not dare to push down directly because it might burst. She give her bladder a jump start to start voiding all her pee. I unlock her urethra so she could finally pee.

I hear her pee coming out her urethra and splash down onto the toilet bowl. It was a long and strong stream. If I wasn't continuously healing her bladder wall it would have tear and rupture so that was expected. She keep peeing hard for sometime eventually the pressure went down. Her stream start slowing down and became a trickle. Then I heard a big sigh from her, I guess She's done.

I hear the sound of Sarah bunching toilet paper and wipe her delicate part, maybe it's because she held too much in There's actually significant amount of urine left in her so I give her bladder a little nudge to push it out. It flow out onto her hand and the tissue she's been holding. I let Sarah clean herself and wait for her to come back out.

We walked back to the biology lab together, Now comes the hard part. as well as going out, Going in also need good timing. Accept this time we can't see the professor, atleast not sarah.

I use my x-ray vision but this time tuned to see Mr Lockwood. When he look back I grab her hand and run to the seat. Luckily we made it without him noticing. When Sarah sat down I heard a faint "jab" sound of her wet panties contact with the chair.

Sarah: Thankyou soooo much! I almost become a laugh stock for the class if I was just a little bit late!

"our classmates aren't that cruel, are they? They won't make fun of you. We understand your suffering. Most of us also need to hold it in. You just happen to reach your limit"

Sarah: Are you sure?

"Noticed how no one snitches?"

Sarah: You're right... thankyou, I could never made it without you.

"You're very welcome!"

Sarah: it's kinda embarrassing, but my bladder still aching like I need to pee, what should I do?

"If you allow me I can massage your bladder for that"

Sarah: I guess it's fine, just my tummy okay?

"ok"

Her bladder is bloated by the large amout of pee she held earlier so it feels like there's pee inside and ache because the bladder wall is damaged.

I intrude my hand into her shirt and rub on her bladder, of course it does nothing. It's just an excuse to touch her belly. I heal her bladder to its original shape and done.

We kinda sit awkwardly after that.

End

*011*2024-09-07 08:46

Chapter 9: living in both dimension

After Mr Lockwood finish reaching us. he gave presentation due Tuesday, the day after both weekend and Monday that we go to the school trip, A total dick move if you ask me trying to steal our sweet weekend.

We pack our stuff and head to the cafeteria since it's lunch time now. Sarah followed behind my back to the table but she seems too nervous to ask, So I'll be the one to start.

"wanna join? We have some seat left"

Sarah: is that so? ...will I be bothering you guys?

"we chill, right dudes?"

My friends make noises that indicate affirmation ranging from yep, yup to monkey noise

Sarah: if that's the case, excuse my intrude. Sit

"You're welcome"

Most of us including Sarah put their stuff down on the table to free their hand and go buy food. But today I have curry Yuki made this morning so I just bring out my lunch box then wait for my friends to come back and eat together. Couple of my friends who's back on the table or didn't go buy food ask me about Sarah and I if we're going out or something, I guess it's because we suddenly become close together. I denied their assumption and just say "she's chill" then everyone just stop asking

When all of my friends are at the table we start eating together. Me and my friends start having some gossips about that grumpy old man but in the end we can do nothing about it. Sarah sit awkwardly listening to me and my friends absolutely destroying Mr Lockwood, trying to fit in conversation. I notice her and change the direction of the conversation to match the type she is familiar with, then I nod at her. Sarah blush a little and nod back. she in now able to join our group.

We eat and talk until all of us finished our lunch. I go walking with Matthew and Sarah, we talk about the next class, it was history class. While we were walking we walk past a lady bathroom, Sarah was a little shy but she excused herself. It was such a moment, is this character development?

She went in and does her business, when she comes out I asked her. She replied "when I really weight it out, telling someone I need to use the bathroom is better than holding it in". I almost clapped, but It's now gonna be harder for me to tease her which is kinda make it more rewarding... Eh,whatever. I'll just walk to the next class

In the history class the lesson was usual. I starts to feel really sleepy, like too sleepy. It's boring yes, but It's not the same as I Always feel. I try to fight it but ultimately failed and fell asleep on the spot

Familiar room

I Open my Eyes to a total darkness, I'm a little afraid but I composed myself and give Myself a night vision. I'm laying on a mattress, I also see a wooden ceiling and stone brick walls just like in Julia's room.

Was I being teleported again? But then something hit me. I feel like I have to pee really bad, That's probably why I wake up.

I try to get up but there's something holding onto my legs, something feline...

And here she is, Julia's hugging my legs like it's her body pillow ...Am I now the victim of this story? Nope, no way.

I turn on my x-ray vision with intention of throwing my burden onto her bladder. To my surprise It was already full. She's sleeping with that much pee? She's gonna wet the bed sooner or later... but then I got an idea. I teleport my pee into her bladder just enough to make her want to pee really bad and get up slowly so she doesn't wake up.

I got into the bathroom make sure she could hear the door shut. With my see though vision, I see her ears perk up a little but Julia didn't wake up. I get somewhat confused, her bladder was THAT full but she didn't budge sleeping like nothing is going on. I nudge her bladder a little so she could feel the desperation and wake up. And she did.

Julia Open her eyes and sniff a little before she slowly put one of her hand on her crotch.

I can see her middle finger guide along the cleavage of her pussy to see if she leaked, fortunately she didn't. So Julia do what people do when they want to pee really bad, she comes to the bathroom which I'm in. I intentionally leave the lock on for this moment.

Julia Open the bathroom door to see me standing in front of the toilet peeing, I'm sure I was standing just in the right angle she wasn't able to see mine so it's all calculated.

Julia take a moment for her eepy brain to process, she blush and immediately close the door while apologizing.

Julia: I- I'm sorry! I just have to pee really bad I didn't notice you're here! I swear didn't go in on purpose!

"It's okay, girls also have curiosities too"

Julia: No! I'm really not peeking, I just wanted to pee!

"Don't mind Don't mind, I know, I'm just teasing you"

Julia: nggh! don't mess with me!

It was getting too comedic so I let my pee out to make her remember what have we been doing.

Julia: ah! I forgot, sorry. Let me just cover my ear. Blush

I keep peeing for a very long time, I start to get confused my self. I've never peed since I crossed the gate and now I'm peeing a lot.

I think Ivy's stats also boost my bladder capacity or something... I keep on peeing for somtime Julia have to call me out.

Julia: i don't want to be pressing but are you done yet? I start to feel like it's going to leak...

"I'm trying"

I see Julia clutching her middle finger between her slit. Her bladder got really big storing that much inside. She hasn't been waiting really long but she very desperate.

Julia: Pease come out soon, I can't wait for long... it's- it's very urgent!

After seeing Julia struggle to hold her pee for sometime I ran out of pee, I almost finished. I don't want to let her pee yet so I create water to fall into the toilet.

Julia: a-are you teasing me?

"No? I'm trying my best, have you noticed I didn't pee all day?"

Julia: I'm sorry...

At this point Julia just want to empty her bladder. She have been holding it for very long her bladder is reaching its limit. She feel rude and embarrassed to ask but she needs to, both of her hands supporting the base of her bulge bladder.

Julia: I'm sorry for asking this but do you perhaps able to stop mid s-stream? I really need to use to toilet...

"hold on... just a second"

I fake zipped my pants and pretend to do some stuff just to make her more desperate, then I Open the door to let her in

Julia: Thank you so much!

I feel like it would be a waste if she just let it all out when she's already holding this much in her bladder but nothing I can do....or can I? I now have more intelligent stat than her magic resistance.

I tie a little string of mana around her bladder neck, deny anything that try to come out.

Julia is confused why she can't pee she double check her crotch multiple time before conclude it was because she's nervous, The only thing making her unable to pee so far.

Julia: I-I can't pee... can you give me a little privacy?

"I'm waiting for you to finish"

Julia: I'm really sorry to interrupt, I can't take it anymore and I must pee so...

"it's okay, just start pissing already"

Julia: ngggh... mmmh... ahhh... I can't it won't come out.

She tried to pee. her bladder contracting multiple time but the way out is blocked so her pee can't come out no matter what. I let her try a little.

"How about we switch? I really need to continue. And you'll be able to pee with ease once there's no one pressing you"

Julia: b-but! ...I understand....

Julia puts her pants and underwear back on before coming out. I go in and make some pee noise for a moment and come back out. Immediately Julia rush back in and sit on the toilet.

Julia: I can't hold it anymore!

I let her try to pee but now her bladder start to become overloaded. I thought it would be a good time to let her pee. But before that I have to find a good explanation.

Julia: Help me! My belly hurts! I want to pee but it won't come out!

"Eh? Why?"

Julia: don't know! Can you help me? It hurts!

"like running water down your crotch?"

Julia: I want to pee! I don't know why can't I! Anything is fine! Just make me pee!

"okay okay"

I pull the door handle a little to get her attention.

"I can't use magic through walls y'know?"

Julia: But- it's embarrassing if you're inside! Ngggh... fine, help me!

I go in to see her bottom still fully clothed despite going to release something from there.

"why won't you take off your pants?"

Julia: i-it's embarrassing I rather leave it on than be naked down under...

"aright"

I create a stream of warm water and let it flow onto the crotch of her pants, make sure it runs through her ladies part. I originally gonna release the string tying on her bladder neck to let her pee at this point but I realized I already did this.

I keep the string secure, blocking Julia from releasing her pee causing her to shake from desperation.

"did you pee?"

Julia: I can't when you're in front of me!... What if you smell It... or hear it?

"I kinda already did both..."

Julia blushes out of embarrassment and we look at each other awkwardly. Her reservoir start to become bloated, stretching to contain a whole flood she've been hiding inside. God I want to stroke that cat girl's bulging bladder.

...wait I don't need to ask God for that, I'll just do it myself.

Julia: it's hurting really bad...

"if you want I can massage your bladder"

Julia: b-l-a-d-d-e-r?

"that's where you store your pee when you're holding it"

Julia: just do whatever! I want to let it out!

I start by running my right hand across her lower abdomen, I can clearly feel a bump on there, created by the bursting bladder lying inside her pelvic area, it's a big bulge. I can see Julia is having a goosebumps in response.

I dig my thumb in the bulge, poking her bladder. This seems to cause a sudden spike of pressure that cand be detected on her bladder's receptor making It sends emergency signal to the brain that the muscle bag holding her pee is going to rip apart.

Julia: Stopppp! My tummy is gonna explode! I can't handle this!

"it's necessary, bare with it"

Julia: ahhhg! ngggh! It's- ahh

Even when her hip jolt up every time I put any pressure on it, I still massaging her bladder. The feeling of need to expell the waste liquid bloating her lower abdomen is starting to overwhelms Julia. Her bladder expand and contract following the pressure I put on it. Before her bladder can't handle it, I take the chance to dig my thumb in that bulge, she gasped.

Then right after Julia's bladder almost exploded. I untie the knot on it. Allowing the immense pressure to be released through her urethra out her pee hole and down the toilet.

I denied her every attempt to urinate and now she's actually peeing, a stream came flow out steady. Not small but not big either, she was stretching it too much her bladder went weak. All she can do was sit there letting all her pent up pee flow down the drain, Her pain was lifted.

Julia: I'm peeing, I'm peeing ahhhh~ It's heaven~

Her legs is restless, moving around. She must feel so relieving passing that much pee. After 47 seconds I counted, it stopped. She let out a huge sigh as her bladder deflated back into a little pouch in its place.

Julia: I'm done... Thankyou. My belly almost burst...

"You mean your bladder?"

Julia: I guess... if that where pee is in. It hurts really bad i I thought it was going to break.

"you mean it literally or..."

Julia: Nods

"ouch... I can feel that...."

Julia: You can go to sleep, I'll take care of my... wet clothes

"just take it off and I'll wash it with my magic"

Julia: I don't want you to see my p-panties...

"oh"

Julia: are you going out or?

"oh right"

Julia: c-can you bring me a t-towel?

"Why?"

Julia: I forgot I have nothing to wear you know? Underneath...

"I'll just bring it to you, where is it?"

Julia: No No No you can't! I'll get it on my own!

"Why tho"

Julia: It's where my clothes are and there're... no you can't look!

"What? Pads?"

Julia: Pads? What's that? Whatever just give me the towel!

"here you go"

Julia: you can go sleep now, I need to change

"aright"

I went to bed and continue my sleep. It was so easy my conscious left my body the moment my head touched the pillow. Then I wake up in my classroom. I look up to see Sarah waking me

Sarah: hey, Alex, hey! Wake up! We need to go to the chemistry lab! We're running late!

"I-I guess"

Joe: see? He just need his crush to wake him up

Matthew: dude is down bad

"shut up"

Joe: is simpy boy mad? Am I making you mad simpy boy?

"fuck you, you peepee boy on the bus, you broken leg boy at the sleep over, you tripped into the bush boy at the park, you rejected boy in the highschool, you-"

Joe: fuck you too!

Sarah: are you guys really friends?

Us:yeah, besties actually

Sarah: you guys are so...complicated...

"why?"

Sarah: if someone tell me that, I'm gonna be crying in the bathroom

"oh... we meant nothing! It's just funny to do! There's no hate! Right, Joe?"

Joe: yeah, fuck you!

"fuck you too!"

Sarah: can we not... throwing profanities at each other right now?

Us: okay ma'am.

We moved on and go to the chemistry lab. On the way Sarah take a quick visit to the ladies room, probably to let out all the tea she had at lunch. Me and my friends also think it's a good time to take a piss too since we're already waiting for Sarah, might as well just do something. We got out and waited a little before Sarah comes out. Daniel check his watch and oh shit, we're all late.

We run to the lab as fast as we could and managed to be only 7 minutes late, luckily the teacher isn't here yet. When she's in, she start the class. we studied about biochemistry, which I wish I understand. We guys collectively acting like a drying fish as our shared single brain cell struggles to comprehend what's going on.

We got assigned to do group reports on... what's that again? Whatever. All we know is we're doomed. But God still have mercy for us, it was 6 person assignment.

There's me, Matthew, Joe, Daniel and Peter who called in sick today, There's a place left for one person.

We all look at Sarah, holding her note.

Joe: Ms Sarah, our lord and savior. Would you be so kind and carry our humble group?

Sarah: u-uhh what?

"you wanna join our group and carry us? We're doomed here"

Sarah: s-sure, if you wanted me to.

Matthew: oh we do, we're begging you actually.

Sarah: then I'll join

Us: yippee!

After the class it'll be the end of today's school. Since there's not much happening I won't be going into detail on this part but we all said goodbye and head home.

Sarah house is on a different path I use to walk home. speaking of which I have to go the other route than the one with emergency alley because I have groceries to buy. Shame, I can't see a girl pissing there today. But I figured I watch enough already.

I go to the market to buy potatoes, carrot, onion, garlic and so on. Then I go buy meat. We also have just little butter left so I'll go to the supermarket as well.

I arrived at the supermarket, I go straight to butter and pick one up. there's a row of pudding Yuki likes nearby so I picked one up as well. Before there're thousands of item in my cart I went straight to the cashier. There's a line but It probably won't take long to be my turn.

I was humming songs while waiting before a small girl park her cart behind me. I look at her and at first I thought she was a middle school girl but then I see the bow on her uniform. Is she in the same year as me?

I see her looking around nervously and shifting her legs around. Is this destiny? To find people who have to pee at the time? Thank God? I turn my x-ray vision on and see what I'm not expecting.

Not only her bladder but her whole urinary track is filled with pee. Her urethra, bladder, ureter were brimming with urine but she show such little desperation for that much held in. Hell, her panties still dry.

"Are you in a hurry Ms? Here, go ahead"

Girl: Thank you, I really need to get home right now.

"You're welcome"

I let her go ahead since I have had enough for today. A queue later and it's her turn. She bring out a little cute bunny wallet, use a membership card to pay her purchase and rushed off. I checked out and walk home wondering how long have she been holding her piss.

When I got home I just put everything in the fridge and go to my room to play video games. Unlike me, My sister is in a club. Which make her return more late than me.

I turn on my pc and plays a couple round of fps game with my friends before Yuki get home. She came shouting upstairs

Yuki: Nii! The dinner! I'm hungry!

"Let mom cook! I'm tired!"

Yuki: mom and dad won't be home today!

"Then wait! I'm playing in a match!"

Yuki: I'm hungryyyyy!

"pudding's in the fridge!"

Yuki: okay, love you!

"love you too!"

Daniel: bro, you talk to your little sister like that?

"yeah why?"

Daniel: I could never

"Yuki's chill"

Daniel: damn, switch sister?

"nah"

Even if Yuki's only my half blood related sibling, she's a good siblings and I adore her with my heart. I wouldn't trade her for anyone.

Oh yeah, quick back story. My dad got a Japanese girl who's now my stepmother pregnant while I'm like 5 and divorced with my real mom. That's why our name are totally different. My step mom love me tho, so no drama. When I say mom, it means her. Not my actual mother.

"Imma go now, Yuki's hungry"

Joe: just one more round

"you know last Saturday you said that and we sleep at like 6 in the morning, right?"

Matthew: just let Alex go, you're starving his sister

Joe: when you're back I'll be In diamond

"is that what's bronze called nowadays?"

Joe: Hey!

I take off my headset and go downstairs. when I went down the stairs, Yuki was gone. I think she already went up to her room, but that doesn't trouble me.

I checked the ingredients available and think steak might be a good so I start season the meat, chop up the garlic and throw that in the buttered pan. I liked medium well so I have to wait 4 minutes. While waiting I chop the carrots and broccoli. When I'm done chopping the vegetable it was time to flip, so I flipped the steaks and prepare the table. When it's done cooking I take the steaks out and throw in the vegetable to cook in that meat juices.

When the plates all set, I feel like something is missing. I think it's too empty so I throw peeled potatoes and milk in the blender because I'm a moron and proceed to make mashed potatoes in the worst way possible.

Then I call Yuki to dinner by shouting upstairs.

"dinner's ready!"

Yuki: I'm coming!

After some time, Yuki came down, we sat on the table and began eating.

"hehe, you came"

Yuki: ? ...Neeeee! Stop acting like a kid! You know I said coming!

"Oh God, the dinner I ready but my little sister is masturbating what do I do?"

Yuki: Neeeeeeeeee! I'm nooootttt!

"did you have a good time?"

Yuki: yes- you idiot, I didn't!

"at this point the food would turn cold"

Yuki take a single bite and mumble while eating

Yuki: 兄ちゃんバカ [big brother, you idiot]

"おい、わかるぞ"[Oi, I understand that]

Yuki: 何でもない...[Nothing...]

After being with her and her mother I picked up some Japanese, so I understand when she's talking like this.

Anyway, we eat the dinner while watching TV until we're done.

Yuki: thanks for the meal

"You're welcome"

Yuki: tch

"oi"

Yuki: I'm going bed

"You do the dish"

Yuki: fine

"sweet dreams!"

Yuki: you-

I went upstairs and continue playing with my friends, before stopping early and go to sleep.

With all that happened, I concluded that my conscious will go to the other side when I'm sleeping in this and return when I sleep in that side like wise. I also notice the time dilation in both side. It compressed my entire day I was awake into 6 hours of sleep. And my bodies at each side are separated, I don't experience sleepiness because my body at this side is sleeping while I was gone.

Great I'm experiencing 3 times more life.

End

