A unladylike way to wee (short story)

Author: Gatto-Italiano

*000*2017-12-29 05:36

Hello everyone, hope your having a great day/night!

This is my first post on the website. So I’m VERY sorry if I do something wrong! I’ll do my best though! If I do anything badly let me know and I’ll fix it as soon as possible.

So without any other detours I present “A unladylike way to wee”

It was a hot, sunny, and beautiful day. Our main character Jamie, is enjoying a nice day at her freind house. They were relaxing in a pool.

“Hey” said Jamie “you got the time?”

Her freind Alexa turned around and said “it’s… um… 5 o’clock ish”

Jamie got up and out of the pool. “Crap, I should get going!” Jamie waved goodbye. “Sorry I have to leave so suddenly, but I really should get going…”

“hey girl… whatever just go”

“see yah!”

“Bye!”

Now would be a good time to describe Jamie’s traits. Shes 18 years old and 5’ 3”. Her body is definitely on the thinner side with just a bit of noticeable fat (cause let’s face it no one needs to be bone skinny to be beautiful). Size B cups, and very curly blonde hair going down a bit past her shoulders. Right now she is rockin a multi colored bikini.

Jamie is on a walk home, enjoying the veiw, thinking about the good time she had, realizing she has to tinkle, trying to… wait… uh oh. She has to tinkle! In all the hurry to leave she forgot that she needed to go! “Ahhh… I thought I was forgetting something…” she has to walk a little over 2 miles, that’s quite far on foot, especially with a bladder that needs a break!

Jamie thought to herself “looks like I’ll just have to wait until I get home, no biggie I’m not a little girl” she thought “im very capable of holding my pee.”

(30 minutes later)

Jamie has been walking nonstop, and the urge hadn’t exactly stopped. Infact… quite the opposite. “(Sigh) almost there, almost there, almost there…” she kept repeating. “You? Pee yourself? No that can’t happen…I’m going to go home, sit on the toilet, and…” just as she thought that, her body nearly released it! She stopped dead in her tracks, crossed her legs, bent forward and held on tight! “Ahhh! No! Stop it!” It stopped “mmmm, i gotta piss right now!” She looked at the trees in the small forest to her right. “No… thats just unladylike! I'm not a disgusting boy!” Her bladder kicked again. “Ahh! I need to get home!” Jamie began running

Bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce

“ekkk! That didn’t help at all!” She looked at the tress again. “Please anything but that…”

Drip

”No…”

Drip

”I don’t want to…”

Drip

”ahhh!”

Jamie darted towards the trees leaving a trail of gold behind her. “Forget it! I just wanna pee!” Leaking in her bottoms she goes behind a tree, lowers the back of her waistband and…

Pssssssssssssssss

”mmmmm oh yeah…”

The feeling was unbelievable. Letting all that pee stream onto the ground and down her legs was a true experience. At the end of it all she pulled up her bottoms and headed home. “Wow… that felt better then I imagined...” there was a stain on the bottoms, but Jamie didn’t care. She looked back at the enormous puddle in the dirt and smiled. The walk home became, well, a lot more peaceful for Jamie… definitely… a lot more peaceful.

THE END

Wow that took a while… hope you liked it. Nah who am I kidding, it's my first story it’s supposed to suck.

Btw if this story doesn’t have tags I apologize, I’m not sure how to add them

*003*2018-01-01 18:38

{{On 12/29/2017 at 3:22 PM, MLPro said:

Not bad for your first story man! Don't worry, my first stories were absolute garbage. These things get better with practice.

So...keep practicing dude!

}}

Thanks friend! I’ll keep trying!

*004*2018-01-01 18:39

{{On 12/29/2017 at 5:06 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was a great story

}}

Thank you!

