A Hidden Accident (+ illustrations)

Author: GotaSecret

*014*2023-09-25 19:10

Chapter 6: Night out - Part 1

"I think you should go," Marcus says at the other end of the line, his voice weirdly strained.

"What are you doing?"

He grunts and Avery feels herself grow hotter. This is ridiculous Avery, get it together. "Oh, sorry, my boss asked me to move these big bags of kibble, that was the last one."

Avery's thoughts go unbidden to Marcus in a tight t-shirt, sweat beading on his forehead, his muscles flexed and swollen from the—

"Ave? You still there?"

"Yeah," she says, voice cracking. She clears her throat. "Yeah, I'm here."

"Well, as I was saying, I really think you should go out with your coworkers tonight. You can't stay in with me every night,"—his voice softens, pitch lowering—"even if I'm very much enjoying it."

Avery very much enjoys it too. She and Marcus have been dating, hooking up, whatever you’d call it, for months now and it’s been amazing. Avery had even gotten comments from her coworkers on how she was “glowing” during those first couple of weeks, the women in the office asking her if she’d done something with her hair and what skincare routine she was following. They’d found out about Marcus soon after and Avery realized that maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea to open up a bit more to her coworkers. The stress she’d been experiencing at work got a ton better after that as well and she’d even grown close to some of her colleagues, the same ones that have invited her to come out with them this evening.

“Fine, I’ll go. Speaking of, I have to go back to work now,” Avery says, pulling her pants up and flushing the toilet.

“Managed to go alright?”

“Yes, thanks for talking to me.”

“Anytime Aves, bye.”

Yeah, about the shy bladder thing. Avery can use the bathroom at work now, and in most places where there aren’t a lot of people around. There’s just one small caveat; she has to talk to Marcus at the same time or have him with her. They are still working on it but compared to how it was six months ago she’s happy with the progress.

The issues with this evening, and why Avery is so apprehensive about going, is because they’ll be at a bar. It’s quiz night which means Avery won’t be able to ditch halfway through, not unless she wants to leave her coworkers one woman short for the team. She also doesn’t want to run to the restroom in the middle of the quiz and then get weird looks from her coworkers when she takes forever in there if she can even go. That’s the other issue. The restrooms. She’s been there before and they are a nightmare. For her at least.

There’s a row of stalls directly to the right when you enter and they have a huge gap down at the floor and there’s even gaps between the door and the walls of the stall when you close it. And don’t get her started on the acoustics. It echoes, every little sound echoes, if you blink in there it echoes. Avery shivers just thinking about it. Luckily she’s used to holding her pee, so a few hours at a bar, even if she drinks a bit, shouldn’t pose any problems. Marcus is picking her up right after as well. It’s gonna be fine.

The evening rolls around and Avery is just arriving at the small pub they're meeting at. She pulls at the thigh-length black skirt she decided on wearing tonight before stepping inside.

She sees her coworkers straight away, sitting at a high table close to the stage where the quiz master will be asking the questions.

"Avery!" One of her coworkers, Jess, calls out. She's dressed in a pink satin slip dress with an even pinker cardigan on top. "Here's your seat, right next to me."

"Watch out, she’s a sloppy drunk so she might spill on you," a woman sitting next to Jess says.

"I'll make sure to do all my spilling your way, babe," Jess says, grabbing the other woman's chin and shaking it playfully. Ah, that must be Jess' girlfriend, Lynn.

"Don't worry my sweet children, I have wet wipes in my purse for all and any needs. I'd rather not do more wiping than necessary though, I get enough of that at home," Beth says, the other of Avery's coworkers and the one who had invited her tonight. "So, Avery, what're you drinking? First round is on me tonight."

"Oh, uh, just a beer thanks."

"Coming right up."

The quiz starts shortly after Beth returns with a beer for Avery and a tall glass of something Avery's pretty sure would get her drunk just from smelling it.

They actually know most of the questions, or at least think they know them, but somewhere after the first 5 questions they start losing focus, the buzz of the alcohol and loosened inhibitions making for conversations more interesting than the quiz.

They buy another round of drinks during the short pause before the second round of the quiz starts and vow to take this round more seriously.

During a argument on what J.R.R Tolkiens initials really stands for, Lynn being dead set on the second R standing for “Reuel” and Jess being sure she just made that up, Beth makes a sudden startled noise and dashes off to the restrooms. Jess looks over at Avery and shrugs her shoulders with a smile on her face at the same time that Lynn steals the pen and jots down “Reuel” as their answer. After a couple of more questions, Beth joins them again.

"Sorry, my bladder is still hella sketchy after baby number two. Thank God for poise pads," she laughs. "Oh, sorry, TMI."

Jess take a sip of her beer and points the bottle at Beth. "If my pharmacy story wasn't TMI—"

"Sort of was, babe," Lynn mumbles with a smile on her face, looking at her girlfriend.

"—then that is most definitely not TMI."

"Your pharmacy story?" Avery asks.

"Here we go," Lynn says, stirring her drink while Jess slaps her on the arm.

"Avery can't be the only one in the friend group who hasn't heard it!"

Lynn turns to Avery. "Trust me, you can, save yourself. Run! I'll distract her with drinks and boobs."

Avery snickers.

"Don't encourage her, Avery," Jess says, laughing as well. She takes another sip of her beer and clears her throat. "You're getting the story. Think of it as your initiation to the friend group."

"Well, after a build-up like that, I've gotta hear it."

"Okay. The background to this story is that I get UTIs often, and it’s been like that all my life so I'm pretty skilled at handling them. Anyway, one Saturday morning I woke up with that stinging feeling, you know, and it's just typical that it happens on a Saturday because my regular doctor's office is closed on the weekends.

"At first I'm thinking that, okay, that's fine, I'll just hydrate and call on Monday if it gets worse, right? Um, wrong. Already that evening it felt like I was pissing literal fire, and I knew that it wasn't going to get better without antibiotics.

"I have an emergency plan set up with my regular doctor so I called urgent care and yada yada, I got a prescription for antibiotics, so I just needed to get to the pharmacy before it closed in 20 minutes and get them. I knew that I had to pee first though so I ran to the bathroom to do a quick pee and … nothing.

"I don't know if my body was trying to protect me from the pain or something but it was not having it. I couldn't squeeze out a single drop and I couldn't sit there forever, I had to get to the pharmacy right away, so I said fuck it, ran to the car, and drove over to the pharmacy.

"Since it was right before closing there was literally no one there except for the pharmacist and a guy who was like the assistant or something, stocking the shelves. I spoke to the pharmacist and while she was fixing my meds I walked around looking at some creams and stuff, you know, and BAM all of a sudden I got that burning, pissing fire, feeling. At first I was just confused, like, why does it hurt this bad for no reason?

"Well, turns out it wasn’t for 'no reason', it was because I was actually peeing. And like I said earlier, I've had my fair share of UTIs, and sure, there's been close calls but this was just—" Jess imitates the sounds of an explosion, opening her hands to go with the sound. "It was soaking through my pants, dripping onto the floor, and all I could do was stand there and wait for it to stop.

“Then when it did I walked over to the assistant guy and told him what happened, asked if he could recommend some diapers,” Jess laughs, emptying her beer.

"You didn't!" Avery says, almost choking on her beer, face heating.

"Well I didn't want to piss myself again, and they have them there so I thought, why not ask?"

"When you do the ‘background to the story’ bit you should also add the fact that you are completely shameless," Beth chuckles in the background.

"Well, I like to think that that story raises the roof on any embarrassing shit anyone might want to share. I don't want anyone to go around hurting because they're ashamed to talk about stuff."

Lynn puts down her drink and draws Jess into a hug. "You're so sweet, but in such a weird way, baby."

Avery feels as if she can’t breathe. Do they know about my … problem? No, they can’t, right? Fuck. Avery grabs her phone and stands, almost knocking over her beer. “I, uh, I’m just off to the restroom.”

“Yeah, okay, we’re losing the quiz horrendously anyway,” Beth says but turns to her as she passes, Lynn and Jess talking loudly with each other. “You okay?”

“Yeah, just, too much beer, you know."

Beth nods and gives her a warm smile, and Avery feels bad even though it wasn't a lie. She does need to use the restroom, more than she had expected to at this point in the evening, but it's fine. The quiz is almost over and Marcus is picking her up in 40 minutes.

There is no one else in the restroom when Avery gets there, she doesn't even have to bend down to see that the stalls are all empty, the gap at the floor just as nightmarishly big as she remembered it. She calls Marcus anyway at the slim chance that she'll be able to pee if she talks to him.

It rings, and rings, and rings. That's weird. He’s supposed to be home right now. Maybe he's gaming and has his headset on? But he always keeps his phone close by, he should hear it anyway. She tries again, still no answer. Okay, no need to panic. He's probably in the bathroom or something.

She checks the time. 36 minutes until he's picking her up. That's nothing, she can hold it. She looks in the mirror, reapplying her lip gloss, her bladder throbbing as her gaze lands on the toilets behind her. I can hold it.

***

A bit of a set-up chapter this time.

*015*2023-09-26 17:45

{{1 hour ago, mourn365 said:

I looked it up and that's ACTUALLY what it stands for???? What??????

}}

Haha, remember it and impress someone with your knowledge 😆

*016*2023-10-05 12:14

Chapter 7: Night out - Conclusion

Avery keeps checking her phone every couple of minutes. She sent a text to Marcus, in addition to the handful of calls she’s made, asking him to call her up but he hasn't even seen it. What is he doing??

"We need to do this more often," Jess says, slurring her words and talking a bit too loudly.

"Definitely," Beth agrees. "And next quiz night we're shooting for first place, right Avery?"

Avery looks up from her phone. "Uh, yeah, first place, totally." She's sitting with her legs crossed, as she has for the last twenty minutes, but it's not really helping anymore. She blames that last beer for the alarming increase in her desperation this last half hour.

Lynn—holding on tight to Jess to keep her from tumbling down the chair—puts on her jacket. "Time for us to get going, the last bus leaves in ten minutes."

Avery's last bus leaves now, but there’s a reason she asked Marcus to pick her up. Firstly she doesn’t want to ride a bus while bursting to pee and secondly, the bus takes forty minutes whereas driving takes ten, and those ten minutes are already going to be touch and go on whether she'll stay dry. If only Marcus would call her already.

"Come with me to the restroom?" Beth asks after they've hugged Jess and Lynn goodbye, hooking her arm in Avery's and turning toward their destination.

Avery has no choice but to clench her muscles and hop down from the high chair, hoping that the impact won't jostle her bladder too much as she tries to keep up with Beth, seemingly always in a rush to get to the toilet.

"Can you hold my purse?" Beth asks when they enter the restrooms, squirming a bit, hands already at the button of her jeans as she makes for one of the stalls. Avery hears her cursing under her breath before the sound of pee hissing into the toilet bowl echoes through the room.

The sound makes Avery blush. She imagines that she is the one sitting there, pissing forcefully into the porcelain bowl, the stream bouncing off the hard surface and wetting her thighs. Fuck. She really has to pee. She squeezes her thighs together and hunches over to try and ease the sudden urge that hits her.

She almost drops Beth's purse, and when she grabs it she accidentally glances inside. Beth had mentioned that she wore incontinence pads, and inside the purse are a handful of pale pink squares. Before Avery knows what she's doing she takes one of them and stuffs it in her jacket pocket, leaving her just enough time to straighten up and look—she hopes—calm and collected when Beth comes out of the stall.

"Thank you," Beth says when Avery returns the bag. She can't help but sneak a look at Beth's crotch while she washes her hands, wondering if the curse she let out after entering the stall was because of an unwanted leak, but there’s nothing to see. Of course there’s nothing to see, that's why she wears the pads.

Avery checks her phone again, on the off chance that she missed a call from Marcus. She didn't, and it’s only three minutes until he's supposed to pick her up.

"You've been checking your phone a lot, something the matter?" Beth asks, drying her hands.

"Uh, no, it’s just Marcus. He's supposed to pick me up in a couple of minutes and I haven't been able to reach him. I'm sure it's nothing."

"We could probably give you a ride home, my husband is on his way now. You'd have to squeeze in between two baby car seats though, but you're skinny, you'd fit."

"No, it’s okay, he probably ran down to the store and left his phone at home or something. I'm sure he's on his way now as well," Avery says, trying to convince both herself and Beth.

Beth's phone dings. "Oh, he's here, got to run, the baby will wake up if the car's not moving. See you at work on Monday," she says, giving Avery a quick hug before exiting the restroom.

Marcus is supposed to be here now as well. Avery wonders if she should at least try to pee before she goes outside and waits at the parking lot down the street where she told Marcus to pick her up. There's no one in the restroom, and the pub has been steadily emptying since the quiz ended. Yeah, she'll try.

Her bladder pulsates with need as she opens the stall door and sees the toilet. "Hold that thought," she mutters, hoping that her bladder won't pull the same crap it usually does when it gets like this. There have been several occasions lately where she has started leaking while pulling down her panties, only for it to stop the moment her ass touches the toilet seat. Incredibly frustrating.

She's trying not to think of those moments right now though. Positive thoughts, Avery, visualize sitting down at the toilet, your muscles relaxing and the pee flowing out without any issues.

She has to shove her hand between her legs for a moment, her visualization perhaps too successful as she feels her muscles relax, threatening to let a spurt of pee out. When the urge passes and she gets her panties and stockings down there's a wet spot covering most of the gusset of her panties. Damn it.

She sits down, a few drops making it into the toilet bowl before her muscles clamp shut, as usual. She sighs and sticks her hand down her jacket pocket looking for her phone but instead finds the crinkling pink pad. She's not incontinent. She's not. But … using the pad would be convenient. She won't feel the cold wetness of her panties pressing against her for one, the sensation always making it even harder to hold her pee, which she will be able to do. She doesn't need the pad, but …

She takes it out of her pocket and opens the wrapper. When she folds it out she's surprised at how large it is, and thick. She blushes when she thinks of Beth hurrying to the restroom. If this is the size she needs she probably loses quite a lot before making it all the way there.

She sticks the pad to her panties before she can change her mind, the soft padding feeling way better than the wet fabric would have done when she pulls on her panties again, carefully doing the same with her stockings. She checks her phone one last time before leaving the restroom, and the pub, behind. No missed calls, no new messages. Why doesn't he call back?

It's cold and dark outside, the early spring warmth present in the days not yet carrying over into the evenings. Avery is glad she chose to wear her boots tonight. She's not drunk enough to have had any problems walking in heels, but it would have been colder.

When she arrives at the parking lot, it's all but empty except for a couple of cars that look like they've been standing there for a while, dirty and covered in last year's leaves. She leans against a bicycle shed and picks up her phone again, tapping out another message to Marcus.

A: waiting at the parking lot. U better have a damn good reason for not being here

She doesn't mention how badly she needs to go. Marcus can probably figure it out anyway, which makes Avery even more angry with him. The cold is creeping in and Avery hears a group of drunk people off in the distance, probably heading from the pub. There's another sound as well, a snapping of a twig to the side of her that has her turning around. She lets out a yelp at the large dog standing beside her, wagging his tail happily.

Her eyes grow wide and she sucks in a sharp breath at the gush of warmth between her legs quickly getting absorbed by the pad, so quickly that she almost starts to believe that the sensation was all in her head. That is until another gush warms her pussy, the feeling almost pleasant as the pad wicks away the wetness, keeping her loss of control a secret.

"Riley!" A voice calls, the dog's ears perking up, as it turns toward the sound. Avery squeezes her thighs together, the pad pressing against her, damp and warm. She realizes she can't even tell if she’s still going. The usual sign, the saturation of her panties reaching the point where a trickle starts making its way down her thighs, is not there due to the absorbent padding between her legs.

She wants to grab herself, but she can glimpse the owner of the dog jogging toward them. She squeezes her thighs harder, clenching her muscles, her muscles twitching from the effort of preventing another gush.

"I'm so sorry," the owner says as she bends down to pick up the leash. "He didn't scare you?"

Just enough to make me pee my pants. "No, no, it’s okay, he just startled me a bit."

"Bad dog, Riley! You never act like this with Daddy now, do you? No, you don't," the owner chastises the dog, picking up the leash and giving Avery one last apologetic shrug of her shoulders before jogging off.

When the dog owner is out of sight Avery steps inside the roofed bike shed, hunching over, her knees rubbing together and her hands going between her thighs. She feels it now, she's definitely still going. There's a warmth spreading, first to the front, the pad swelling beneath her hands, before traveling to the back.

Shit, how much am I leaking?? She wonders when the pad will start leaking as well, there can't be much capacity left. Her tired muscles are just waiting for her to stop fighting it, prepared to let out the four bottles of beer worth of piss inside of her the moment she does.

She vaguely hears footsteps closing in. "Ave?? Oh my god, I'm so sorry, how are—"

Avery looks up at Marcus, whining, her bladder spasming painfully. "I have to pee, now, it hurts," she says but doesn't move her hands from her crotch.

Marcus moves closer, the familiar scent of his shampoo carrying in the wind, his jacket rustling as he puts a hand on her hip, nudging her so that she leans against the wall.

"Babe, you gotta move your hands, your skirt will get wet."

Avery just shakes her head. She doesn't want to have an accident, she doesn't want to give up, even though she knows it's over.

"You're hurting yourself," Marcus says, concern evident in his voice as his fingers touch Avery's wrist, and he gets a thoughtful expression on his face.

Before Avery can comprehend what is happening Marcus takes a firm grip on both of her wrists with one hand and brings them up above her head, holding them against the shed wall. His other hand hoists up her skirt, his thumb grazing over the slight bulge of her lower stomach.

"Come on Ave, let go," he says, so close his breath is fanning her cheek, his thumb stroking where her bladder flutters, begging for release.

It's not your fault, you have no choice, he's making you wet yourself, her brain tries to reason with her and in some way, it does make sense. Another wave courses through her, crashing down, she gasps, it’s right there, the gushes making way for a pressure, building, and building, the ache almost sweet as she leans against Marcus' shoulder, his jacket muffling the drawn-out moan she lets out as she finally finds relief.

She was right in assuming the pad was at capacity, or maybe it's just not meant to withstand the torrent of pee that jets out of her. It almost instantly floods the pad, the hot liquid flowing out to the sides of it, her thighs glistening in the shine of the streetlight, steam rising in the cool night air.

&&

Avery would have been so embarrassed if she had looked down, but she doesn’t. Her eyes are closed, her face buried in Marcus' jacket, her cold legs slowly thawing from the warmth traveling down them.

"There you go," Marcus says, bringing her hands down and pulling her in. Avery makes a small sound of protest, not wanting Marcus to get wet, get dirty, but her mind soon focuses back on the feeling between her legs, the forceful stream seemingly never-ending. After what could have been seconds, or minutes, her bladder pushes the last of the urine out, leaving her with a few more moments of bliss, finally empty but still warm. "I'm so sorry for not getting here in time. They called from the clinic and asked me to assist in a high-risk whelping and I couldn't—"

"Wait … you were saving puppies??"

"Uh, yeah, I guess. Everyone was alive and well when I left. Five puppies and a tired mother."

Avery smacks his chest. "Now I can't even be mad at you! Five puppies?? God," Avery laughs.

"Still, I should have sent a text telling you I might be late."

"And I shouldn't have had that last beer, we've all made mistakes tonight," she says, an embarrassed smile playing on her face at the sound of her feet squelching in her boots.

"Ready to head back home?"

"Yeah, just … give me a second?"

"Uh, sure, I'll wait in the car?"

"Thanks."

As Marcus makes his way across the parking lot Avery quickly turns around, reaching her hand into her panties where the heavy, fully saturated pad rests. She works it loose, pulling it out and quickly discarding it in the trash can in the corner.

Walking over to the car she decides she won’t tell Marcus about it. She winces at what feels like a whole lake's worth of liquid in her boots, yeah, it’ll be embarrassing enough having to pour that out before getting in the car without telling him about the incontinence pad she stole from a colleague. Some things are better kept secret.

*018*2023-10-16 15:19

Chapter 8: By the Sea and Sand - Part 1

Marcus takes another sip from the water bottle he has taken to carry with him and wipes the sweat off his brow. It's hot out today, and he and Avery are currently stuffed in his shitty old Toyota heading to the beach. Jess and Lynn—Avery's friend from work and her girlfriend—are meeting them there.

"It’s going to look like I've already gone for a swim when we get there, I’m sweating buckets," Avery says, fanning herself. She picks up Marcus' water bottle and shakes it, finding it almost empty. "Didn't you refill this before we left?"

He had, and to be honest, it's not because he's been particularly thirsty that the bottle is almost empty again. Ever since Marcus realized that pee, and more specifically desperation and wetting, turns him on he's been experimenting. On his own. Sure, Avery's told him that she doesn’t mind if he gets hard watching her have an accident, and there have been a couple of instances where things turned heated after her having one, but he hasn't gotten the impression that Avery gets off on it in the same way he does.

So, the almost empty water bottle, his third one today, is part of today's game. It's not the first time he's been desperate in public, but it's the first time where he plans on not making it to the bathroom. But since he doesn’t want to wet himself in front of a beach full of people plus Avery's friends, not in a way that shows at least, he figures the sea—nature's bathroom—is the perfect compromise.

The treeline outside the car window gives way to the view of the jam-packed beach, the sea twinkling in the sun. Marcus' stomach flips at the thought of what he’s planning, his bladder aching sweetly.

"There they are!" Avery says, waving to Jess and Lynn who's sitting beneath a large parasol some distance away. They trudge over there, the hot sand burning Marcus' feet where it gets in his sandals.

"Hey, babes!" Jess calls out, giving Avery a tight hug while Marcus starts scouting for a good spot to dig a hole for their parasol.

"Found a parking spot okay?" Lynn asks, putting down her worn pocketbook— Stephen King Marcus notes—and peaking up at him from under her black, wide-brimmed sun hat.

"Yeah, a bunch of people left just as we got here, guess the heat got to them."

“Figures. People are way too lax about hydrating in the heat, we get heaps of patients each day when it’s as hot as this. Heat exhaustion, dehydration, you name it.”

Marcus laughs. “Tell me about it, my patients have a couple more legs than yours though.”

“Ah, yeah, Avery told me, you’re a veterinarian, right?”

“Full-fledged as of a couple of weeks ago.”

“That’s amazing, dude, congratulations.”

“Thanks,” Marcus says, moving on to setting up the beach chairs and the parasol to get some shade. The effort makes him sweat, but he’s not worried about getting dehydrated. Not with the amount of water he’s had today.

Avery walks up behind him. “Where did you put the cooler?” she asks, looking around, and spotting it behind one of the chairs. “Never mind, found it! Do you want something to drink?”

Marcus' bladder gives a twinge at the suggestion. “No, I’m good,” he says, taking a seat and pulling his shirt off leaving him in just his swim trunks. They’re a dark navy blue with narrow stripes on them, reaching down just above his knees, and he specifically chose them because he knows they look basically the same wet as they do dry. He still plans on going in the sea, for the most part, but there’s something about letting those first few leaks happen while he’s still in dry clothes, far from where he should be relieving himself, that he finds enticing.

“I’ve been drinking way too much today,” Jess complains, squirming a bit where she stands next to Avery, waiting for her to get done drinking.

Lynn shakes her head. “You’re drinking way too little every other day, babe, and dehydrati—”

“‘Dehydration in this heat is no joke’, yeah, yeah, I know. But it also makes me need to pee every hour. The sea is, like, 7% my pee now.”

Avery sputters. “Wait, why do you go in the sea when they have restrooms here?”

“Oh, the restrooms are closed, something about a burst pipe I think? I honestly didn’t read the note on the door that carefully, I was about to burst as well.”

Avery recaps the bottle of water, and Marcus is just about to say something when Lynn beats him to it. “Hey, Avery, you really shouldn’t avoid drinking just because the restrooms are closed. If they don’t want people peeing in the sea they should make sure the restrooms are functional, right?”

Avery blushes, but it could easily be attributed to the heat. “No, I, uh … I just have a really hard time, uh, going in the water. Or, anywhere unfamiliar really.”

“Don’t worry about it, we’ll figure something out,” Lynn says, touching Avery’s arm reassuringly, smiling warmly at her. It seems effortless for Lynn, to care for people, and Avery actually seems to relax as she nods, fiddling with the cap on her bottle.

“Yeah, okay,” she says, twisting the bottle open and taking a deep swig.

“Good! No dehydration on our watch, right Marcus?” Lynn says and winks at him. If she only knew. Marcus is really starting to feel it now, but he knows he’s not at the point of having a full-blown accident. He’s gotten to know his limits pretty well lately, how it feels when he’s about to start leaking but can cut it off again after a few spurts, and how it feels when he’s truly at his limit. When it’ll pour out of him regardless of how much he tries to hold back. Today he wants to stay at that sweet spot where he can let some go, without losing control.

He looks around. Avery and Jess are engulfed in conversation, sitting on Jess’ sunbed, and Lynn seems to be lost in her book again. Lynn’s sunbed is right next to where Marcus is sitting and it feels … riskier than he’d anticipated. As if Lynn, or Jess and Avery, is going to hear it or sense it or something and call him out on it the moment the first gush of warmth soaks into his trunks.

But if he waits much longer he doesn’t know if he’ll be able to stop it once he gets started, and he’d much rather find an excuse as to why his swim trunks are slightly damp at the beach than to why his chair is suddenly dripping. He leans forward, pretending to look out at the sea, shading his eyes with his hand, as he relaxes his muscles. He never thought that being able to pee whenever and wherever was a skill he’d find so much pleasure in, but when he gets that first trickle going, the way it spreads and pools beneath him, he has to bite back a moan to keep from embarrassing himself.

He clenches his muscles, giving the wetness a chance to soak in before relaxing again, the pee now wetting the inside of his thigh, his dick half hard from the excitement. He glances to his side, Lynn is still reading her book, and Jess and Avery are still talking. No one knows what he is doing.

He turns his eyes to the sea again, the sound of the waves making it easy to relax, perhaps a bit too easy as he feels himself having to focus harder on holding back than on letting go as small spurts are making their way out despite his efforts. He needs to get down to the water soon.

"Earth to Marcus!"

A large spurt hisses into his trunks as he jolts from the unexpected interruption. He concentrates hard on trying to stop it while looking calm and unaffected as he turns to the side where Avery is standing, looking at him expectedly.

"What’s up?" He says, his voice slightly strained, his effort to hold back only going so far as to make his dick act like a leaky faucet, dribbling at a steady pace. He’s scared to look down, certain that the sand underneath his fold-out beach chair isn't fully dry anymore.

Avery raises one eyebrow, giving him a nonplussed smile. "Okay … I just wanted to ask if you wanted to swim? You look like you could use some cooling down actually. Are you okay?" she asks, laughing, her eyes leisurely scanning his body when they suddenly widen, snapping up to meet his in an expression that screams ‘What are you doing??’ Avery looks down at the half-empty water bottle she’s holding, hastily uncapping it. “Here, have some water!” she says, unnecessarily loud, making their friends look over at them as she proceeds to dump the water in his lap.

Jess laughs. “Avery, what are you doing?”

“How about that swim Marcus?” she asks, already turning to run down to the water, holding a hand out to Marcus. He takes it and hopes that the wetness at the back of his trunks won't look suspicious as he stands up and follows Avery.

His heart is beating so fast as they make their way down to the water. His swim trunks are cold from the water Avery poured on his lap but soon turn warm as his control slips, his bladder contracting and pushing out spurts of pee, wetting the leg of his trunks and dripping down on the sand before they finally reach the water, running out until they are waist deep.

“What was that??” Avery hisses out, turning to face Marcus.

It feels weird peeing when Avery is … whatever she is, mad, pissed off? So he tries to hold it in, he really does, but with the water all around him, it just comes out. A shiver goes through him as gives in to the sensation, the urine feeling so much warmer than usual in contrast to the cool sea water.

“Are you … “ Avery says, looking down as if she would be able to see anything through the rippling water.

“Sorry, I-I can’t stop it.”

Avery looks around them before stepping closer, her hand coming to rest on his lower abdomen, the tips of her fingers dipping into the waistband of his trunks.

Marcus gasps. “What are you—”

She slides her hand into his trunks, cupping him gently, barely touching. Her hand keeps the warmth of the pee from getting washed away, keeps it close, curling around him almost like an embrace. Marcus doesn't know how much time passes, but after a while, there's only the cold water left and the slight warmth from Avery’s hand.

"You really had to go," Avery says and removes her hand, her voice soft.

"Yeah, uh, thanks for the save back there."

"Uh-huh. Care to explain what happened?"

"I … don't know if you want to hear it."

"Ah … " Avery says, looking back at the beach. Marcus thinks she's about to drop the subject and head back when instead she turns to look at him again. "Is it related to you finding it hot when I can't hold it?"

Marcus bites back a laugh at the crimson blush spreading on Avery's cheeks. "Yeah, it is."

Avery's brows knit together and she bites the corner of her lip in the way she does when she's thinking. "You like to … "

"Hold it until I can't anymore? Yeah."

"Huh."

Marcus takes a deep breath in and blows it out again. A 'huh' is not the worst reaction, right? A 'huh' is … workable, yeah, definitely. Totally. "Done swimming?" he asks, even though they haven't done much swimming at all. "I think I'll … head back."

Avery grabs his hand. "It’s fine by me. If you like … that and, uh, if you like to do that on your own. And even not on your own if you want that."

“Wait … ‘not on my own’ as in with you?”

“Of course with me,” she laughs. “I’m sure as hell not gonna let you do it with someone else. Besides, I’ve sort of been thinking about that day when you— when I— with the, uh, cricket bet.”

Marcus knows he shouldn’t but he can’t help to tease her a bit. “Oh, that day when you locked the bathroom and made me pee my pants? Is that the day you are talking about?”

“Never mind, you can head back, I’m gonna dive down and fulfill my lifelong dream of becoming a mermaid,” Avery says and disappears below the surface, splashing water all over Marcus for good measure.

***

This chapter is probably the most self-indulgent of all the ones I've written, haha. Just, gotta check in with Marcus from time to time you know. Next chapter will center around Avery again, they still got a whole day at the beach ahead of them!

*020*2023-10-18 10:01

{{12 hours ago, Tellnoone said:

This whole story is awesome, and I especially like chapter 6 and 9. Thanks for playing with other dynamics than the boring "female wetter, male watcher" that we see almost all the time on this site!

}}

Thank you for reading! Your comment made me really happy cause I do try to switch it up a bit, adding things that I usually don't see in stories on here but love reading about myself. I'm glad it shows and that other people enjoy it as well ❤️

*021*2023-10-29 19:08

Chapter 9: By the Sea and Sand - Part 2

As Avery emerges from the water, the salt stinging her eyes, she looks at her boyfriend making his way back to their spot in the sand. His swim trunks are dripping wet and a wave of heat courses through her when she thinks about earlier, the glistening of the fabric of his trunks that caught her eye, the look on his face when he realized he'd been caught. Her heart rate hastens. What was his plan? Just, letting go, right there, hoping that no one would notice?

She knows that’s probably not it, but she can't help imagining it. Would he blush when a trickle of pee started running down the sand, making its way past his sandals, threatening to expose him? Would he look at Avery for help or would he try to hide it, even for her?

She squeezes the seawater out of her hair and walks up to join her friends, the heat of the sun making her feel overheated again just from the short walk up. Lynn has a good point about drinking plenty of liquids on a day like this, even though Avery still feels nervous about the toilet situation. She has no idea where she'll be able to pee, but it feels a bit better after telling Lynn, and Jess about her issue. Eight months ago she would have rather died than told anyone, but now it just makes her feel less embarrassed somehow.

Well, it's not something she has to worry about yet, her bladder is far from empty but Avery reckons she still has a couple of hours until it starts getting uncomfortable, so for now she's going to enjoy the rest of their beach trip and try not to think about it. As she gets closer to their spot Jess gestures for her to come over.

"Your bikini is coming untied, here, let me fix it," she says, pulling Avery to stand in front of her.

"Oh, thank you, it keeps doing that," Avery says, keeping the white triangle bra in place on her chest while Jess ties it in the back.

"There we go, flashing catastrophe averted. I wish I could wear triangle bikinis though, they are so cute."

"Why can't you?" Avery asks, glancing down at the red and white striped bikini top Jess is wearing.

She laughs. "I have yet to find a triangle bra that can contain these," she says, nodding down to her chest. "And lord help me if I for some reason wanted to run or jump wearing one of those."

"I wouldn't mind," Lynn pipes in.

"I'm sure you wouldn't," Jess says, crawling over to where Lynn is draped over the lounge chair in her black bathing suit. She squeezes in next to her, kissing Lynn on the cheek before placing her head on her shoulder.

Avery leaves them to it and walks over to Marcus who's sitting in the same beach chair as earlier, with a soda in his hand.

"Staying hydrated?" she asks, enjoying the bashful smile Marcus sends her way, it's not often she gets to see him like that.

"Actually, I'm getting kind of hungry. You wanted to check out that food truck by the walkway, right?"

"Ooh, definitely, they've gotten great reviews," she says, turning toward Jess and Lynn. "Jess, do you guys wanna … " She stops herself as she lays eyes on Jess, eyes closed, lips scrunched together into a little pout where she's sleeping on Lynn.

Lynn waves her hand in a gesture Avery takes to mean 'go ahead'. She turns to Marcus again, shrugging. "Just the two of us then."

After ordering and getting their food they sit down at one of the tables placed around the food truck, with parasols in the middle that give well-needed shade. Avery opens her can of orange soda, gulping down half of it before she can think twice about how much it will cause her bladder to fill.

They eat in silence for a while, Avery still thinking about earlier. I like to hold it until I can't anymore, he had said. So … he's done it before, most likely. Peeing your pants in public doesn't strike Avery as something you'd do unless you've tried it on your own first—tried it multiple times on your own first. When has he tried it?? They're together almost every evening, so, when?

"Um," Avery says, swallowing a bite of her chicken taco, "can I ask you something?"

"Yeah," Marcus says, laughing nervously. "Should I be scared?"

Avery takes another sip of her drink, sorting through the questions bouncing around her head before looking up at Marcus who's just holding his half-eaten taco in his hand, looking genuinely anxious. "How long have you been doing that? The holding and … "

"Ah, um, not long, I guess. Do you remember Chris' birthday?"

She does. Chris is another childhood friend, but she never really liked him so when they got invited to his birthday party she stayed home and let Marcus go to that one himself. She'd gotten some interesting texts which grew more and more incoherent as the night went on, but she'd fallen asleep pretty early and hadn't heard from Marcus until late afternoon the next day.

"I remember, what about it?"

"I got pretty drunk that night and as you know he lives not far from me so when it was time to call it a night I decided to walk home. And, uh, I felt that I needed to use the bathroom before I left but I just didn't. I don't know why because I definitely didn't think I'd make it all the way home, and, well … how much do you want to know?"

"Just, go on."

"Okay, I started walking and it must have only been a couple of minutes before I started leaking, but it was dark and I had dark jeans on so I didn't even try to stop it," Marcus says, blushing. "It, uh, stopped on its own after a little while though. When I got hard. So I made it back without losing any more."

Avery waits for him to continue, but instead of continuing the story, Marcus takes another bite of his food, looking out at the sea.

"That's the whole story?" Avery asks.

"Uh, no. I made it home, and I probably could have made it to the bathroom if I'd wanted to but I didn't, uh, want to so … "

"So you … right there in the hallway?"

Marcus laughs. "Yeah, well, I took my shoes off first. Honestly impressed with drunk me for having that amount of foresight." He trails off and looks down at his hands, wiping at an invisible stain. "You still think it's fine? If I do that kind of stuff."

"Wouldn't have said it if I didn't mean it," Avery says, putting her hand on top of Marcus'. “And I meant all of it. If you ever want to, uh, include me.”

“Yeah, I’d love that,” he says, beaming back at her.

Jess is still asleep on top of Lynn when they get back and sit down in their chairs, chatting with Lynn for a while. Avery wonders if she should try going down to the water and relieve herself, even if it’s not an emergency yet. Her thoughts are interrupted by Jess making a yelping sound, sitting up and almost falling off the sunbed in the process.

"Jess, what—"

"I peed a bit," she says, her hand pressing at the red and white fabric between her legs. "I dreamt I was peeing and—shit, I need to—"

Jess stands up and Avery tries not to look but her eyes are drawn to her crotch where crystal clear drops are making their way through her fingers, despite her tight grip. She looks towards the water, not moving, as if she's weighing her options before looking down at Lynn.

"You'll be done peeing before you get to the water, babe. Sit down."

Jess huffs out a breath before kneeling beside the sunbed, her forehead resting on Lynn’s thigh. Avery can't see much from where she's sitting but she hears Jess groan and the faint sounds of her stream hitting the sand, splattering as the force of it carves a hole in the sand, the urine pooling.

Avery's cheeks heat and she turns her gaze to the sea, the sound of the waves paired with the knowledge of what Jess is doing just a few feet beside her makes her bladder ache. She looks around them, at the people reading their books, tanning and chatting, running down to the water, or emerging again from a cooling dip and she realizes that no one is paying any attention to them. To Jess or the big patch of wet sand that she’s kneeling in.

Avery looks back in time to see Jess raise her head from Lynn's thigh, looking down at herself before turning to Lynn and just … waiting. Avery doesn’t quite hear what Lynn says to her but Jess' gaze softens in a way she's never seen on her friend before.

Lynn cups Jess’ chin in her hand. "You can go down to the water now and wash up, okay?"

Jess nods, standing up on shaky legs, still glistening in places, her shins covered in wet sand. She blinks a few times and sucks in a breath and just like that the expression on her face turns back to her usual assured playfulness. "Aves, you coming with? Race ya'"

Jess sets off before she can answer, and Avery doesn't catch up before Jess is already a good distance out in the water. Avery is starting to feel a bit squirmy and uncomfortable, mostly because she knows that she either needs to ask Marcus if they can leave early or get increasingly more uncomfortable until her bladder decides enough is enough and takes care of business for her. She doesn't like either of those options.

"I'm sorry for making things weird back there," Jess says.

"No, that's fine, accidents happen. I would know."

"Oh?"

Shit, she forgot she only told Jess about having a hard time going in public, not what happens when she fails to use the bathroom and is left increasingly desperate until she finds a bathroom that works, or the inevitable happens.

Jess continues. "I mean, I get it. If I was desperate to pee and then got to a toilet that I couldn't use? You can’t hold it forever."

Avery looks down at the foaming water. "Yeah, I just wish my body wasn't so stubborn."

"You think you'll be able to go here? Like, at the beach?"

"I don't know, probably not. I was sort of counting on the restrooms being up and running, and I'm not certain I would've been able to go there either."

Jess purses her lips. "So, you won't be able to go until your body, uh, makes you go?"

Avery nods, embarrassed to confess to how little control she has over her body when it comes to this.

Jess throws an arm around Avery's neck. "Well, when that happens we'll just make sure no one else notices, right?"

She makes it sound so easy that Avery almost believes it'll be easy as well. "Yeah, sure," she agrees, smiling at her friend.

***

The next chapter (Chapter 10) will bring the conclusion to the beach trip and then Chapter 11 will be the last chapter of the story,

*022*2023-10-30 11:52

Illustration for Chapter 9, best enjoyed if you squint a bit because man have I dropped the ball on tidy linework in my drawings lately haha

Jess' accident

&&

*023*2023-11-09 17:34

Chapter 10: By the Sea and Sand - Conclusion

An hour and a half later Avery wishes she had asked Marcus if they could have left earlier, because despite repeated attempts at peeing in the sea, Avery hasn't been able to part with a single drop. When she places her hand on her lower abdomen she can feel her bladder, stretched out and hard, painful to touch. She really needs to pee.

It feels even more impossible than usual though. She's sure she would have lost it already if she was in any other situation. But here? No. There are too many people, and they are so close to her, and she's not even counting Jess, Lynn, and Marcus. No, just random people without a sense of personal space, spreading their stupid beach towels practically on top of her. She can't do this.

"I can't do this," she says, voice trembling.

"Wanna head back?" Marcus asks, looking concerned.

"I won't make it all the way home."

"We'll put down a towel, it's fine."

A towel. She looks down at the beach chair, at the orange mesh fabric which she imagines her pee would gush through, making it obvious to all around her that she was wetting herself in the middle of the beach. But with a towel? That would hopefully absorb most of it, and even if a few drops escaped she doubts anyone would notice.

"Where's my towel?" Avery asks, but before she can start looking Lynn hands her one of theirs, an old light blue one.

"Before you say anything, I've been meaning to throw it away anyway, and I promised I'd help figure something out when you needed to pee."

Avery knows better than to argue with Lynn, so she takes the towel. Her bladder obviously approves of the towel toilet solution because much like when she's in front of a regular toilet she's hit with a desperate urge to pee. She can feel her muscles relaxing despite her efforts to keep them clenched, and a flush of warmth between her legs makes her put aside any reservations she has about using the offered towel as she bundles it up and places it half under her ass, half pressed against her.

But just as when she sits down on a toilet her need dies down the moment the towel is securely in place, her muscles now clenching when she wants them relaxed. She's too exposed, she won't be able to relax like this. She looks at Marcus and shakes her head, but a hand on her shoulder catches her attention before she can say anything. It's Lynn.

"Here, borrow this," she says, draping Avery in a sheer, dark robe. Avery opens her mouth to protest, she doesn’t want to ruin it. "No, I won't have it, I just want you to listen to me, okay?"

Avery nods, her bladder cramping, trying to empty without any success.

"Take a deep breath, and really feel the tension when your lungs expand, feel the tension in your stomach and the pressure further down. Now breathe out and let that tension go," Lynn says, demonstrating by taking a deep breath and breathing out herself.

Avery knows how this is supposed to work, she's done it before with disappointing results, and she doesn't expect anything to be different this time. She humors Lynn, clenching her eyes shut to try and forget where she is, the tension in her pelvis not easing up at all.

"Keep breathing, in and out," Lynn says as she stands up and walks over to Marcus, their voices a low mumble as they seem to agree on something. Lynn sits down next to Avery again. "Okay sweetie, let's try to shift our focus a bit, yeah?

"I want you to breathe in and out, just like before, but I want you to imagine that all of that energy, the tension, and the relaxation, the push and pull, is happening deep in your pelvis—Right where you feel that ache, where you clench the hardest to keep it in."

Oh, Avery feels that ache alright, but the more she turns her mind to it, the more she tries to control or change that sensation, the harder it gets to let go. She clenches her hands hard on the armrests of the chair, grasping for some sort of control over the situation as she feels herself hurtling toward her limit.

"Breathe out that tension,"

At the end of the breath, Avery feels that tingle in her urethra, and the ache of tense muscles at the end of their rope. Her eyes snap open, looking toward Marcus’ chair, but he's not there, and she can't see Jess anywhere either.

"I asked them to go for a swim, thought it might be easier with fewer people. I could leave as well if you—"

"No! No, it … " Avery can't find a good reason why she wants Lynn to stay. It's weird that she wants her to stay, right?

Lynn touches her hand lightly. "Anything I can do to help, or should I just be here?"

"If we could keep doing that, uh, breathing thing. It almost—I think it helps," Avery says, feeling her face go bright red at the admission.

"That's good, that's what we want. You don't have to tell me if it happens, just let your body do what it needs to do, okay?"

Avery feels herself relaxing before they even start with the breathing exercise again. Maybe it has more to do with Lynn than with the breathing. The soft cadence of her voice, how she seems so unphased by all of this. She is a nurse, after all, she's probably seen way worse than this, and that's comforting.

"Breathe in," Avery's bladder compresses as her lungs take up more space, the ache feeling weirdly pleasant instead of the sharp twinges she usually gets at this stage, "and breathe out." Right there, at the end of the breath, she feels it again, that last warning kind of feeling that never fails to make her panic a bit. She sucks in a breath and feels herself tense up again.

"Don't," Lynn says, squeezing Avery's knee, keeping her from pressing her legs together. "Proper breath in now, and when you breathe out again I want you to relax right there, don't breathe in until I tell you. Just for a little bit, okay?"

Avery nods, getting caught up in a feeling of surrender, the easiness of just doing what Lynn tells her to do. On her next breath out the sensation—that tingle where she can almost feel the warmth of pee escaping—comes on faster and more urgent than before, she feels her heartbeat picking up, thundering in her chest as the feeling grows and grows.

Lynn squeezes her knee again, an accidental scratch of her nails sending a bolt of pleasure to Avery's center—a turn of events that she does not have time to think further upon—unraveling that last bit of tension, her bladder seizing the opportunity without abandon.

There's no extra warning, no slow dribble or gush followed by a pause, just warmth spreading quickly, paired with a sense of relief and that tingling ache making her twitch. Lynn removes her hand, probably in an attempt to give Avery some sort of privacy, but Avery can't help wishing that she'd let her nails drag at the sensitive skin on the inside of her knee again. Jesus, Avery, your boyfriend, and Lynn's girlfriend are right there in the water, control yourself, she chastises herself, but can't help rolling her hips just a fraction of an inch to press her pussy against the warm wet towel.

She feels the rough fabric between her legs getting heavier by the second, soaking up the pee pouring out of her, the warmth spreading from her center, down beneath her ass, wetting the inside of her thighs on the way. There’s no way the towel will be able to contain all of it, and Avery carefully looks around her as her bladder continues emptying itself. No one is looking at her, no one is noticing what surely must be a steady trickle of urine dripping into the sand beneath her.

&&

Despite the powerful stream it takes her almost a minute to finish. The towel doesn't stand a chance. She'd have needed at least another one to prevent the situation she's in now, any movement causing the liquid in the sopping wet towel to splash down into the sand.

She looks at Lynn who's looking out toward the water, probably watching Jess. Should Avery tell her that she’s done? No, she's not a child calling for mommy to wipe her, but still, it feels weird to just get up and walk away as if nothing has happened.

Avery clears her throat. "Uh, I'm done." Shit, I shouldn't have said anything, that definitely sounded weird.

Lynn turns around, her gaze wandering from Avery’s face down beneath the chair and up again, a warm smile softening her features. "That must have felt good, you've been holding in quite a lot."

A crimson blush spreads across Avery's tanned cheeks. "Yeah, I'm sorry, I know it's not good to—"

"I'm not gonna scold you, I'm a nurse. I have trained myself to pee like twice a day, I hold it until my teeth are floating," she says, laughing.

Avery realizes she hasn't heard Lynn mention needing to pee all the time they've been here, and she hasn't been down in the water either, so she's had no opportunity to relieve herself. Avery can't help glancing at Lynn’s stomach, wondering if the pouch there is in part due to her bladder, filled to the brim. What’s wrong with me, maybe I have been drinking too little today after all, Avery thinks as a different kind of need courses through her, gathering at the throbbing spot that she wishes she could rub against the towel.

She looks down toward the water where Marcus is chatting with Jess, squinting his eyes against the sun. "I'll go wash up," she says, giving Lynn her robe back and starts jogging down to the water. There must be a slight yellow tint to her white bikini bottoms but she’s beyond caring. Even if anyone notices it’s not like they can call her out on it without admitting that they were staring at her ass. There's a woman dressed in overalls over by the restrooms, wiping the sweat off her brow. Of course they fixed the fucking restrooms now, she thinks as the woman removes the out-of-order sign, but as Avery steps into the water she gets an idea. She sees Marcus waving at her from a distance, beaming at her with that crooked smile of his that only serves to make Avery even more riled up.

"How'd it go?" he asks when she's standing in the waist-deep water in front of him.

"They just opened the restrooms again, come with me," Avery says, grabbing Marcus' hand and setting a course for the restrooms.

"It didn’t work with Lynn?"

Oh, it worked. "It worked."

"Then why—" Marcus pauses and Avery feels the second he gets it from the way he squeezes her hand, letting his fingers brush over her wrist. "Oh, okay, let’s go.”

On their way to the building housing the restrooms Avery throws a glance over her shoulder, back to where Jess just took her spot next to Lynn again. Lynn gives Avery a small wave and—if Avery doesn’t imagine it—a wink.

