Teacher Please

Author: Guest cherry65

*000*2018-12-21 20:32

Teacher please

Scarlett Williams is a senior at lake view highschool and today she witnessed her favourite teacher Mr. Jim Bradley wet himself. Today would be a day that would change both of their lives forever, but they didnt know it yet. Scarlett wasnt the most popular girl in the school but she was the most unconventionally beautiful. Her hair was dyed red which fell in waves around her petite face. She had the most beautiful long lashes which made her blue eyes incredibly hard to resist.

She had a boyfriend who she had been dating for a couple years. He played football on the highschool team he was an average stereotype. Everyone saw them as the perfect couple but Scarlett was getting bored and deep down she knew it. “Is Jake taking you to the dance?” Her friend Emely nudged her. Scarlett was zoned out watching Mr. Bradleys erase the black board. His arms were so toned, he was wearing a white button down with the sleeves rolled up half way. She watched his muscles ripple around his tight sleeves as he moved.

“Hello???” Emely asked waving her hand infront of Scarlett. “Huh?” Scarlett tuned back in and looked toward her friend. “Geez he’s not that hot.” She teased “Shut up” Scarlett blushed having been caught. Just then the bell rang “Okay everyone have a great weekend, dont forget your assignments are due tuesday!” Mr Bradley announced to the class as everyone packed up to head home. Scarlett headed off to the art room to finish some painting for her mid term. The art teacher had given her permission to do so. A couple hours later she was leaving the school, she zipped up her hoodie and grabbed her bag from her locker.

Her loose curls hung around her face inside the hood of her sweater as she walked. Heading down the front path she noticed Mr Bradley in the faculty parking lot fumbling with his keys. She stopped and stood hidden behind the wall and watched him as he frantically looked through his bag. He was visibly distressed and was practically bouncing up and down beside his car. Scarlett watched in awe never having seen him like this. She couldnt take her eyes off him wondering what was wrong. Then she saw it. His light brown khakis started to darken as he lost control. She could see the damp patch growing larger and larger, he was holding his crotch with one hand still searching for his keys in the other.

She watched attentively as he made a puddle in the dirt. Finally he found his keys managing to unlock his car and darting inside. Quickly he sped out of the parking lot and drove down the street she saw his face turn white as he made eye contact driving by her. He knew he had been caught, Scarlett just stood frozen and watched him drive away. She couldnt believe the rush she felt watching the tall man just... wet himself! She thought about it the whole way home. In her room she paced back and fourth thinking about it wondering if she should confront him. She liked him, very much. He was a very nice man and a great teacher but she liked him more than that.

She had leverage now, maybe it would come in handy. Scarlett felt bad for him though she wished she could console him. She couldnt help but feel aroused from watching him so desperate. When she thought about him losing control like that.. she felt her panties dampen, she was so turned on. She felt so good... she hadnt felt like that in a long time. She flopped onto her bed thinking about what monday would bring. Her hand slid gently down into her leggings. She could feel the dampness on her panties. Scarlett pleasured herself thinking about Mr. Bradley, it felt wrong but... oh so right.

$$

$$

$$

$$

*004*2018-12-27 16:51

Page 2.

Monday came quickly, Scarlett walked the halls, Jake’s arm warpped around her waist. She saw Mr. Bradley talking to another teacher, his wife. They made eye contact as they walked passed each other. Scarlett smiled but Mr. Bradley’s expression remained stone cold. She could tell his wife was scolding him for something. She couldnt manage to make out what they were saying in the busy hall way. His wife taught the sophomore class she wasnt a very nice woman. She always had her brown pair pulled back into a tight bun, she was the kind of woman who wore pants suits. Scarlett didnt have her as a teacher anymore and she much preferred Mr Bradley.

She still felt a twinge of jealousy towards her, that she got to be his wife. Scarlett never understood why he liked such a .. plain woman, he was definitely out of her league. Scarlett couldnt wait for his class because she planned to confront him. At lunch she sat with her boyfriend and some other friends. “Hey Scar, did you want to hangout after school?” Jake proposed. Mr Bradleys class was her last class of the day, this was when she planned to talk to him. “No um.. I need to stay and work on my art final remember?” She made up an excuse.

“Alright maybe later tonight then?” He bit his lip moving closer to her. She didn’t reciprocate “ill call you.”. The bell rang. She kissed him and got up quickly dodging his requests. Jake was handsome but Scarlett was drawn to Mr Bradley by powerful force. She waited for his class to finish so they could be alone. The whole period she watched his movements and she could feel his eyes on her whenever she looked away. Finally the bell rang and she waited for the other students to clear out of the classroom, Mr Bradley at his desk. Scarlett slid her binder into her back pack and slung it around her left shoulder.

She stepped slowly towards his desk, she could feel the adrenaline rushing through her veins the closer she got. He met her gaze “Is there something I can help you with Scarlett?” He asked trying to sound professional as a teacher should. She shut the classroom door before finally reaching his desk. She leaned towards him some clevage showing from her tight black t shirt. Her hot red curls flowing down her shoulders “Have an eventful evening in the parking lot on friday?” She asked arrogantly. He swallowed hard he looked down at his desk. His leg was tapping up and down quickly. She noticed this. “It’s okay Mr Bradley I wont tell anyone..” she tried to sound innocent. He looked up at her sheepishly “thank you Scarlett.” His leg continued to bounce.

“What happened... if you don’t mind me asking.” She spoke carefully. He blushed a deep shade of red “I know this shouldnt be happening at my age..” he was in his late thirties he was aging into a handsome older man. She moved closer her eyes on his still bouncing leg “you have to go right now, dont you?” He blushed again and nodded awkwardly “it’s a long afternoon.” He admitted. He stood up and tried heading for the door but she blocked his path “We really should be going..” his eyes on the door. “Not so fast.” She smiled deviously as she took a step closer, so close he could smell her perfume. She looked up at the strong man while running her finger gently up his thigh. He squirmed slightly when she did this “Do you like to have fun Mr Bradley?” She asked seductively.

“Scarlett... i’m with someone..” he was looking her in the eyes now and his breaths trembled. “So am I.” She took his hand and placed it in the small of her back. His hands were large and strong. She pushed gently on his bladder with two fingers, just enough that he let out an audible wimper. He felt a spurt come out and dampen his underwear. “Oh my... we wouldnt want you to have another accident, now would we?” She said pulling her hand away from his buldging bladder. Just then they could hear the janitor pushing a mop bucket down the hall and the jangle of keys. Scarlett headed for the door “ill be expecting to see you after class tomorrow.” She instructed him before leaving the room. His dick was hard in his pants but he couldnt help but swallow hard, he was worried about what she was capable of. Still he couldnt help but smile the whole way home.

*007*2018-12-28 20:05

Page 3

Mr Bradley darted into the faculty washroom, fumbling with his zipper losing spurts of pee into his underwear. He managed to pull himself out before completely losing control. A strong stream splashed up against the porcelain urinial. He sighed and slumped his shoulders in relief, glad he didnt wet himself in the school! It was getting harder and harder to last through two period consecutively without using the washroom. He was going to have to figure something out or he was going to start having accidents. He was already mortified a student had already seen it happen once... He finished peeing into the urinal and zipped himself back up. Looking down he noticed a soft ball sized wet spot on his groin.

He blushed when he saw “great.” He grumbled under his breath. His bag had a long strap and hung by his waist he turned it to cover the wet spot, it looked kind of funny but better than everyone seeing he had almost peed his pants. He hoped it would dry quickly so no one would notice. He walked down the halls to meet his wife, they were going to have lunch in her classroom. He entered her room and headed towards the back of her classroom where she was sitting at a work table. Her classroom had several but they always ate at the back table.

“Hi honey.” She said not looking up at him, she kept scrolling though her phone. “Hello.” He sighed sitting down. He pulled his bag onto his lap and pulled out a sandwich. He took a bite, not moving his bag from his lap. “How was your morning?” He prompted. “Fine.” Was all she said while taking a bite of apple from her fruit cup. He moved his bag slightly taking a peek at his still wet pant leg “what are you doing?” She asked. “What?” He asked startled. She lifted his bag from his lap revealing his almost accident “For godsake Jim! You’re 35 years old!” She scolded frustrated with her husband.

“I- I’m sorry.” Was all he could manage. It wasnt worth trying to lie she knew he was having trouble with incontinence. She rolled her eyes ignoring his apology. He ate his sandwich silently he felt so ashemed when he was scolded by her. Throught the afternoon the wet patch had dried but you could still see a stain from where he had wet. Mr Bradley did his best to remain at his desk during the afternoon classes opposed to teaching at the black board. Scarlett was disappointed he wasnt teaching at the front of the class as he usually did, she loved watching him.

After everything that happened Mr Bradley had forgotten about Scarlett. He waited for the final class to clear out so that he could make his escape. One student remained he figured it was just a straggler who was slow gathering their books. He didnt take his eyes off his computer until she was standing at his desk. “Preoccupied?” She said getting his attention. “Oh, hello Scarlett.. I guess you could say that.” He said awkwardly, she had caught him slightly off guard. She walked around the desk so she could be on the same side as him. He tried not too look at her body but she was.. breathtaking.

“Oh my” she reached down and ran her fingers across the stain on his thigh. He blushed when she did this “Hopefully no one else noticed..” he said. Her eyes rose to look at him “Close call?” She asked. He nodded and lowered his head ashamed of his near accident. “I’m really glad you made it. You did good.” She smiled at him. He looked up at her perplexed “Y-you are..?” He stutterered. “I wouldnt want you peeing your pants for someone else.” She blushed not taking her eyes away from his stained crotch. “Wait, for someone?” He wasnt understanding, his wife was so repulsed by his accidents, the ones she saw anyway. “I think you’re wonderful Mr Bradley... it turns me on to see you so.. vulnerable.” She spoke gently and smiled as she did so. She made him feel warm inside when she was kind to him.

He rolled his chair slightly away from the desk so she could see the full damage. She came closer and examined him in awe, he watched her as she did. “Maybe you need some protection” she smirked. He blushed red “I’m not that old!” He protested. “I didnt mean it like that... I just meant so that other students wouldnt know. Maybe only id know.” She blushed and looked away. He thought about it for a moment silently. “Mrs Bradley wouldnt give you shit all the time either.” Scarlett scoffed. He looked back at her “how did you know?” He asked. “I see the way she talks to you... you shouldnt feel ashmed. I’d be happy to help you hide it, if you let me set some rules.” She proposed bitting her lip looking him in the eyes.

“Rules?” He repeated. “Id be able to tell you when you could go, there would be rewards and consequences based on your choices.” She came closer so her breasts were almost touching his face. He couldnt help but reach out to touch her, she was becoming irresistible. “Mmm” she moaned as his strong hand squeezed her left breast. “So what do you think Jim, would you like to play?” She placed her hand over his. He stood up pushing her up against the wall and kissed her. She felt her panties dampen his strong arms around her. She sucked on the tip of his tongue before he pulled away and said “Please Scarlett, call me Mr Bradley.”

*011*2018-12-31 20:53

Page 4

“Oh.. Mr Bradley...” Scarlett moaned. Red silk blindfold tied over eyes, and tucked gently behind her ears. It matched her firey red hair. She bit her lip as he pleasured her, two fingers in her pussy and his tongue gently licking her clit. “Mmm” she moaned louder as she got closer and closer. “Scarlett what the fuck!” Her mother tossled her awake. “What!? What!?” She woke up out of a dead sleep. “It’s 1:30, get to school!” Her mother was back from her business trip early. “And clean your room its a disaster!” Her mother instructed before slamming Scarletts bedroom door. She sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed her eyes. There were art supplies, clothes, and textbooks scattered around the room.

Scarlett was glad her mother never mentioned the empty bottle of jack daniels in her trash can, she had stayed up partying the night before. She got up and stepped over the mess to get to the mirror. She was wearing a matching black bra and lacy black panties, she squeezed her breast and turned to admire her body. “Oh Mr. Bradley you don’t know what you’re in for.” She whispered smiling to herself then pulling up a pair of ripped jeans off the floor. She quickly put on some eye liner and mascara and gathered her books. Her mother waiting by the door “Today please!” She jangled her keys and headed out the front door, Scarlett trailing behind trying to shove her foot into her vans sneaker.

“I’m coming!” She called after her mother. Scarlett slung her bag around her shoulder and headed out into her moms navy BMW. Her mom looked her up and down before pulling out of the driveway. “You’re hair is such a mess Scarlett.” Her mother shook her head. “Maybe I like it a mess.” She said then looked out the window. Her stomach grumbled “Mom can we stop and get something to eat?” She watched as her mother drove past subway on their way to school. “Here” her mother handed her a bottle of water. “But im hungry...” she whined. “You should have thought about then before you slept through half the day.” Her mother was unforgiving. Scarlett scoffed and unscrewed the cap and look a drink. Her mother dropped her off, she was already late for her first afternoon class. All through class her stomach grumbled so she drank the bottle of water hoping to subside the hunger pains. Finally the bell rang and it was time for Mr. Bradleys class.

She was heading straight to his class excitedly when Jake stopped her in the hall. “Hey babe where have you been?” He asked leaning on the lockers blocking her path. “My mom came back.” She said shortly. “Oh is that why you havent been texting me back?” He asked. “Yeah.. sorry.” She reached up and kisses him quickly. “Im gonna be late for english.” She went around him. He looked disappointed, she had been dodging him alot lately. If she didnt put in more effort soon he was going to start catching on.

“Ill meet you after dinner!” She called back to him, which put a smile on his face. She was safe, for now. Scarlett made it to Mr. Bradley’s class right before the last bell. “Right on time Scarlett.” He smiled at her from the front of the class. Some kids chucked, everyone was already seated. Her sweater hung off her shoulder her black bra strap exposed. Mr. Bradley didnt take his eyes off her as she made her way through the class to her desk. Even with her hair half up half down she was still so beautiful. Once she was sat he began to teach the lesson. Quickly she felt her bladder beginning to fill and become uncomfortable. The only thing she had that day had been water, and whiskey the night before. She shifted in her seat, still trying to focus on her hot teacher up at the board. When he paused she raised her hand. “Yes Scarlett?” He pointed to her chalk still in hand.

“May I go to the washroom?” She asked. “After the lesson.” He smirked and turned back to the board. She was shocked, he never told anyone to wait he was always such a nice man. Why would he tell her no this time? Was he trying to beat her at her own game? This wasnt happening. Scarlett fidgetted at her desk, she could feel his eyes on her. She knew he was happy watching her struggle but her bladder was strong and she knew she could make it. She crossed her legs and toughed through the class until it was finally over and they could be alone.

“Would you like to be excused now?” He said as he came up to her desk. “No i’m fine, id like to keep working on my essay.” She scribbled away at her note book. “But class is over.” She could hear a tinge or worry in his voice. “You’re always offering to help students after class if need be.” She kept writing. He was getting nervous“Scarlett I cant leave you alone in here.” He leaned towards her, his hands resting on either side of her desk. “Then stay.” She winked at him. “But-“ he paused for a moment and blushed. She closed her notebook “After the lesson Mr. Bradley.” She said sternly.

He swallowed “I’m sorry, I should have excused you earlier.” He wanted her out of there so he could dart to the washroom. “I think you’ve been very naughty, and naughty boys arent excused so easily.” She stood up and met his eyes. He shifted and she leaned in to kiss him passionately “Tell me how badly you need to go.” She told him. She had to pee pretty bad too but she knew she could hold on. “Please Scarlett I’ve had two cups of coffee.” He pleaded. “Thats not what I asked.” She walked around the desk and stood infront of him. He blushed “Scarlett...” he was embarrassed.

“Fine, then leave me in here, ill wait.” She sat on another desk. “I cant leave you alone in here I’ll be reprimanded!” He was getting frustrated now. He was visibly squirming “All you have to tell me is how badly you need to go.” She spoke slowly to prolong his need. “Fine! I’m going to burst! Scarlett if you dont leave soon i’m going to make a puddle right there on the floor!” He was potty dancing infront of her now. She loved seeing him like this. She walked up and kissed him and grabbed his package, he whimpered when she did. “Don’t try and play me like that ever again.” She then got up and walked out of the class room. He stood stunned for a moment before grabbing his keys and rushing out of the room. He locked the door and ran down the hall towards the washrooms. She saw him running the other direction, she smiled deviously. That was too easy she thought. She had plans for Mr. Bradley.

*015*2019-01-12 01:55

Hello everyone, I apologize for the hiatus. I had a lot going on in my personal life recently. I am hoping to begin uploading frequently again. I’m going to try and switch back and fourth from perspectives. I really appreciate everyones support and I have a lot in store for this series. -Love always Cherry

Page 5

Despite his masculine features Mr Bradley was a soft man, and he loved teaching. Unfortunately Mrs Bradley did not share his passion for teaching much less anything else. He thought that maybe he chose his wife because she kept him in line, or maybe it was out of convience that he married her but she was nothing like Scarlett. Mr Bradley was a little intimated by Scarlett and he worried about what she had planned for him... but he liked it. Deep down he loved her fearlessness and her way of telling him what do to. He liked their game despite her teasing which tormented his bladder she made him feel something he’d never felt before.

He felt lust, desire, and control.. things he’d never really felt in a relationship before. He wanted more, he wanted to take it further but he’d have to figure out how. That night he lay in bed thinking of her, wether she really cared for him or is she just liked seeing him make a fool of himself. Either way she made him feel special. He fell asleep dreaming of the wild red head who had taken it upon herself to single handedly ruin his life for the better. When he arrived to his class in the morning he sat at his desk and looked around the empty classroom. He looked at the windows and the empty desks, wondering if there were a place they could play. Then he turned and saw the door in the corner, a room he had not yet entered. He stood from his chair and walked towards it.

He pushed away a shelf that was blocking the way and turned the knob which was unlocked. He felt a twinge of excitement and he pushed the door open which led to an abandoned preparatory room. Inside were some chairs piled in the corner among other things like forgotten office supplies and such. It was dusty, and had no windows. “It’s perfect.” He thought. No one would see them, no one would know, and maybe he could properly pleasure her if she’d let him. He wondered if she’d lock him in there until he wet himself, I mean he could only hope. He grabbed a broom from his class and quickly cleaned up the abandoned office best he could.

Before his class started he pushed the shelf back infront of the door and went back to his desk to prepare. He waited all day for that last class, the time of day where he’d finally see her, and then there she was. She wore a black dress that was entirely too short but had long sleeves, and she wore thigh high boots without any tights leaving her bare legs exposed above. Quickly he got a boner which grew harder as he watched her dress hike up as she sat. Under the privacy of his desk he quickly waist banded his erection before standing to teach.

“Hello everyone, I hope that you’ve all completed your homework assignments.” He announced to the class followed by several grumbled and rufflings of binders. He walked past the desks collecting assignments and then stopped infront of Scarlett’s desk. She had no books, no pencil, and she wore no makeup which he couldnt help but admire her features for a moment before speaking.

“Well Ms. Williams?” He asked. She smiled at him awkwardly before answering “I didn’t have time to complete the assignment.” She replied softly. “What we’re you doing that was so important you could not finish you homework?” He questioned, he loved teasing her. The class snickered “I was hanging out with Jake..” she said timidly. Regardless of how she acted she didnt like being put on the spot infront of everyone. She didnt think about it when she said it to him but he felt his heart sink. He knew she was with him, she knew he was married after all but he hated seeing her with him. He hated the thought of her with someone else even if it was selfish. “Well Ms Williams if you think boys are more important than your education I think you will need to stay after class for detention.” He spoke sternly and turned away from her. He tried his best to hide his hurt, it was silly of him to be jealous.

Scarlett didnt say anything more. He went on teaching class as usual he reminded everyone the importance of homework for their grade just to justify his actions with Scarlett. Even though he just did it to buy some time alone together. Soon the bell rang and everyone cleared out, except Scarlett of course. Her legs were crossed and they hung out in the isle between the desks, he could see her bare legs above her boots that were tied behind her thigh. They were black to match her dress, he noticed this was a staple colour for her. “I want to show you something.” He said as he locked the class room door. She stood up and looked at him curiously as he walked over to move the shelf blocking the door.

“You’re not going to kill me are you?” She joked with a smile. God he loved that smile. He proceeded to open the door leading into the abandoned room. She came close cautiously and looked inside “We could have privacy this way.” He bit his lip and watched her expression change. She paused for a moment before stepping inside. “It’s perfect.” She smiled. He smiled too excited by her approval he followed her in and closed the door. She sat a top an old desk where he came up to her and placed his hand on her soft thigh. “You’ve been eyeing up my legs all afternoon.”

She stretched out one of her legs with a pointed toe. She ran the edge of her boot along the side of his leg. He could feel the hairs on the back of his next stand up, she was so sexy it was dangerous. He came closer one hand running up her leg the other caressing her cheek. She grabbed his waist and pulled him in for a kiss, he kissed her back passionately. She sucked on his bottom lip and started to undo the button on his pants. He knew it was wrong but she was 18 right? He thought to himself running his fingers through her hair. Soon she had his pants down, he had one strong hand on either of her legs and he spread them.

“Here” she handed him a condom which was hidden in her bra. They were so hot and heavy he didnt even take her g-string off, there wasnt much to it anyway. He pulled it to the side and thrust his dick inside her very wet pussy. She let out a soft moan when he did this, and that was it he finally had her. Her soft moans like music to his ears, she rode him like his wife never had. Her hips rocking back and fourth on his erection and her bare ass exposed still sitting on the desk. He grunted as she dug her nails slightly into his shoulder. Soon she could feel his dick throbbing inside her as he came hard. He rested his head on her shoulder as he panted. She wrapped her arms around him and rubbed his back while her legs were still quivering.

“Wow” was all she could muster. He pulled up his underwear which flattered him well she thought. He sat on an old office chair to rest “Was that better than Jake?” He smirked. “What do you mean?” She was take back by the question. “I mean since you’re still having sex with him.” He said defensively. “Umm last time I checked you were married Mr.Bradley.” She said half laughing.

He stood and came close to her “I know we haven’t been doing this long but the sexual tension was always there... and now I know why. We have a connection I.. I really like you Scarlett.” She looked at him for a moment and smiled “I like you too Mr Bradley.” She said. “Then break up with Jake.” He said placing his hand on her leg. “Yeah, and you divorce your wife.” She was laughing now. “I’m serious Scarlett.” His expression changed and his smile fell. “I am too.” She said sliding off the desk and turning her back to him. “It’s not that easy.. but I do care about you.” He said. “Then prove it.” She turned to his arms folded. “How?” He asked, the smile on her face worried him. “I haven’t seen you go to the bathroom yet, you must have to.” She said to him.

He nodded sheepishly “Then piss yourself right there. Have an accident for me. Show me how much of a good boy you are and ill consider breaking up with Jake.” She made him an offer. She watched him as he thought about it, grabbing himself off an on. His pants were still on the chair. He stood with nothing but his boxer and a shirt which he unbuttoned. She watched as he stood there, shoulders slumped, a wet mark beginning to grow on his light grey boxers. He didnt look away from her as he wet, she was the first person he knew wouldnt make fun of him. She watched as the pee streamed down his legs and made a puddle on the floor.

He sighed and shivered quickly as he finished. She stared at the puddle on the floor not fully believing what he just did infront of her. “Scarlett I had an accident.” He said timidly. She came closer and kissed him grabbing his soaked package. “I can’t believe you did that.” She smiled looking down at the beautiful mess he has made. He smiled “I really care about you, and I want to be the one to make you happy.” He said earnestly. “I want to be the only one in your life too but maybe that’ll never happen for eithe of us.” She said to him you could hear the hurt in her voice. She moved away from him and turned towards the door, she tried turning the knob but it wouldnt budge. Mr Bradley felt the colour drain from his cheeks as he watched her giggle the knob. “Locked.” Was all she said.

*019*2019-01-12 18:47

Page 6

"Locked?" He whimpered. She starred at the door for a moment before she heard the trickling sound and splashing quietly on the floor. She turned to look at him, and she was wide eyed when she did. There he was tall, strong, and trembling pissing himself for real this time. He was having an accident right there in his already soaked boxers. His face fell into his hands as panic set in. Scarlett walked towards him and held him as she stroked his back. He fell into her arms as she consoled him, no one really ever had. "It's going to be okay.." she whispered quietly into his ear. They held each other for a long time while standing in the centre of the room, she then reached for a roll of paper towel on an old shelf. She knelt to help him get cleaned up "You don't have to-" he said and he began reaching for her hand.

"I want to." She smiled as she wiped his legs. He watched her fondly as she cleaned up the puddles he had made intentionally and the ones he made... unintentionally. There was something about the way she cared for him. It was just the way she was, firm but soft, kind but cruel, all at the same time. No matter how hard he tried he never knew what she would do next, this made him feel so alive. Once she had dried up all the urine she reached out for his underwear. He slid them off and handed them to her, then she tossed them in the trash. "What are you doing?" he asked in an alarmed tone. "Well you don't want to soaked your pant too do you?" She tossed him his pants. "I- I guess not." He said pulling up his pants. He let out a long sigh "How are we going to get out of here.. how will we explain this." He started rambling.

"Shhh, It's okay don't you see. We don't have to hide we can let the world see our love!" she spun around excitedly. "What- No! I'll be fired! My Wife will-" He started visibly packing again. She stopped him with a kiss and she started laughing, hard. "What's so funny?! What if the principal finds us?" If he had anything left in his bladder she was sure he would have lost it by now. "You're too easy." she said walking towards the door turning the knob and pulling it open. He stared at her for a moment in shock, it was never locked. She had played him. "You should have seen your face." She continued laughing. "Are you crazy?!" He raised his voice to her, she had quite literally scared the piss out of him.

"Crazy about you." she said with a wink before disappearing out of the room. He watched her leave and he quickly followed her slamming the door behind him and moving the shelf back. He leaned up against the wall and slid down till he was sitting on the floor. He stared at the wall for a moment trying to wrap his head around what just happened. Scarlett walked home with a smile pasted on her face, until she heard someone calling her name. She turned around to see Jake jogging towards her "There you are babe!" he said kissing her temple and wrapping his arm around her. 

"Jake, what's up?" she asked. "I was waiting for you after class but you never came out, I figured you had ditched." He said completely unaware of the events that had just taken place. "Oh, I had detention..." She answered vaguely. "That's shitty, I'm sorry babe." He said to her as they walked down the street further away from the school. She hoped Mr. Bradley wouldn't come out and see them together. She moved him arm from around her and held his hand, it was weird they had been together so long but now she was almost repulsed by his presence.

"So are you going to hangout with me or what?" he said brushing back his hair. "My mom will freak if she comes home and you're there." She said to him, I mean it was the truth. "Always an accuse..." He said harshly. "What is that supposed to me." She stopped and pulled away from him. "You never want to do anything together anymore, you barely touch me or even look at me!" He was yelling now. They stood in the street arguing when a car drove by, and of course it was Mr. Bradley's.

"Is there a problem here guys?" he asked while giving Jake a cold look. "This isn't really any of your business old man." Jake was getting angrier. Scarlett shoved him away from the car window "Don't talk to him like that." she was getting defensive without meaning to. "Why, he's just an old perv!" Jake motioned to Mr Bradley. "Leave me alone Jake." she said coldly and stormed off in the other direction. Mr Bradley open the car door and stood over Jake, he grabbed him by the arm before he could follow her. "Let her go." he said sternly, he could be quite intimidating when he wanted to be. Jake shook him off "Whatever." He backed away and took off in the other direction.

Mr Bradley watched Jake as he went away, this was exactly what he wanted. They were fizzling out without him even needing to try, he hoped soon Scarlett could be all his. At home Scarlett came in, in a haste frustrated with what had just happened. "Where have you been?" asked her mother. "I've had a bad day." she said heading towards her room. "It's time for dinner, I suggest you change out of those slutty clothes." She instructed to her daughter.

"I'm not hungry." called Scarlett still heading for her room. Her mother followed her and stopped her in the hall "Have some respect, you'll do as you're told." Scarlett was angry but all she did was nod before disappearing to her room. She collapsed onto her bed and held onto herself fighting the tears beginning to form. Everything was all messed up, she hated the way her mother treated her. She thought maybe she was a slut... after all she was sleeping with her teacher... She wondered if he loved her or if he was just possessive. Scarlett pulled out her cellphone which had several calls and texts from Jake. He said he was sorry and that he loved her, she texted him that she would meet him that night. She knew she should just break up with him but she had hell to raise.

*021*2019-01-12 19:56

$$

*024*2019-01-16 03:06

Page 7

She wanted to drink until she ached, she wanted everything to go away. Scarlett snuck out her window that night. She went out with the hood of her sweater over her head and a bag of bottles slung on her shoulder. She walked into the park and pulled out a bottle of whiskey which she always drank straight. Scarlett walked futher into the darkness her path lit by nothing but the moon light. Her heart was full when she looked at the moon, she always loved watching the nights sky. She turned when her name was called by Jake who was sitting on a bench with a group of teens who were passing around a joint.

“Hey babe.” She said as she sat next to him. There were mostly other jocks there along with a couple girls including her friend Emely. Scarlett offered the bottle of whiskey to her and she took a drink followed by a cough “no mix?” She asked still recovering from the strength of the drink. “Just the way I like it.” Scarlett smiled and took another drink without a flinch. Jake took the bottle from her “I’ll take some of that.” He started drinking and the other boys cheered him on. Emely took Scarlett by the arm and they went to sit by the lake. Once they were alone Emely asked Scarlett “Is everything okay?” She knew something was off. Scarlett watched the moon light dance over the gentle waves in the water. “I think I need to break up with Jake.”

“What? Why?” Emely looked at her concerned. Scarlett sighed “I don’t think I love him anymore.” She drew in the sand with her index finger as she spoke. “You guys have been together so long..” Emely sighed. Scarlett was bored with Jake he was immature and nothing compared to the lover Mr Bradley was. Emely watched her expressions for a moment “Have you met someone else?” She asked. Scarlett froze but she thought fast “No, I’m just tired of being in a boring relationship with someone who has nothing to offer me.” She realized when she said it outloud that it was true. Her friend took a sip of her drink and her eyes widened “You’re not still in love with Mr Bradley are you??” She questioned. Scarlett remained calm “When was I ever in “love” with Mr Bradley.”

She gave her a dirty look. “I see the way you look at him.” She teased. Scarlett tensed up “I don’t want to talk about this anymore.” She didnt want her inebriation to let anything slip. She wanted what she had with Mr Bradley to be a secret. She didnt know how she could even begin to explain their relationship or her fondness of his wettings no less. Her friend took the hint so they kept drinking and re grouped with the boys. At the Bradley home things were not going so smootly either. Mr Bradley ate dinner with his wife barely speaking as they normally did. He gazed out the window at the full moon and wondered if Scarlett had seen it too. He found himself thinking of her a lot.. especially when he needed to pee. He thought about if she’d make him wet himself again and he got hard thinking about it.

“Jim you’ve hardly touched your dinner.” Mrs Bradley noted. “It’s delicious dear.” He replied with a smile but It really wasnt. She accepted the compliment and stood from the table. He followed her into the kitchen and discreetly cleared off his plate into the trash. He was only hungry for one thing, Scarlett. He was distracted thinking about her and didnt notice himself fidgeting. “Jim stop grabbing yourself like a child go use the washroom.” She scoffed. He blushed red, embrassed because he forgot he had to go. He ducked his head and started heading towards the bathroom but he stopped. “Oh no you’re not making a mess of yourself are you?” She made another nasty comment.

He turned to her, now he was angry “Why is everything that comes out of your mouth so fucking negative all the damn time?” He finally stood up for himself and it felt good. She could only look at him stunned. He grabbed his jacket and disappeared out the front door before she could say another word. He walked down the street in the darkness frustrated with his situation at home. He looked up at the stars in the sky and the moon which calmed him. He walked for awhile till he saw a small girl stumble out from the bushes. He watched her swaying, he could tell she was drunk. He came closer to her “Hey are you okay?” He asked concerned. “Mr Bradley?”

Scarlett turned and pulled her hood off when she saw him. He couldnt help but smile when he saw it was her. “Scarlett what are you doing out so late?” It was almost midnight. She stumbled towards him and he reached out to help her. “Thanks, you’ve been coming to my rescue a lot lately.” She smiled and let out a laugh. “Glad to be of assistance my queen.” He teased. They walked down a path through a wooded area a ways past the park Scarlett had originally went to. Soon they came to a bench and Mr Bradley held Scarlett and sat with her. She held his hand and leaned on his shoulder “I’m really glad I ran into you, I wish we could see each other outside of school.” She sighed twirling a red curl with her free hand. He smiled, her notion made him feel warm inside.

“Me too.” He brushed some hair away from her face which glowed beautifully under the moonlight. He then shifted where he sat he had forgotten about his full bladder. She was so delicate and gentle in his arms he wished this moment could last forever... but the longer he waited the more he felt his needs become known. He couldnt help but reach to grab himself, he figured she was drunk, she wouldnt notice.. but she did. “Mr Bradley..?” she sat up and looked at him. He tried to stop squirming but his leg couldnt help but bounce. He looked at her shyly and waited for a scolding, but she responded sweetly. She leaned closer and whispered to him “Does someone have to go pee?” he could smell the whiskey on her breath. He smiled sheepishly and nodded shyly. “Then go.” She said to him and pointed to a nearby tree. “But what if someone walks down the trail?” He blushed. “It’s night time! Here i’ll help.” She giggled and stumbled to her feet.

She pulled him up and towards the tree, she then undid his pants for him. He absolutely loved the way she cared for him. She could feel his underwear was already a little damp, she didnt mention it though as to not embarrass him. She then went around him and hugged him from behind as he took out his member. She had her arm wrapped around his and the other rubbed his back, he was quickly able to relax. He had to go so bad his stream nearly shot past the tree.

He let out a long sigh and she could hear the hissing and the gentle sounds of the stream hitting the grass. He peed for a long while until he finally finished, she then when around him and helped him redo his pants. He couldnt help but smile down at the small girl helping him, a grown man who was alwyas on the verge of humiliation. “You know you’re really sweet when you want to be.” He tilted up her chin and kissed her. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him lovingly. He held onto her like she would disappear, he found himself utterly and completely happy. Unbeknownst to them Emely was walking through the forest nearby.

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

