Playground Date

Author: Golden Queen

*000*2019-01-14 00:23

Playground Date

I stepped out of the car, the sun burning my skin to a crisp. “Hurry up, Ash!” I complained, shifting my purse to the other side. “It does not take an hour to grab a freaking basket.”

“You don’t know that,” he replied slyly, slamming the door shut. “What if I have an uncommon disease that causes me to behave slowly around woven objects?” I rolled my eyes, but couldn’t help but smile.

Ash and I had been dating for two months now, and it was amazing. I had never had a boyfriend that listened to me the way Ash did, nor went out of his way to make me feel better on hard days. Ash was seemingly perfect, and even learned to accept my little... er... kinks.

In fact, he had them to.

We found a huge oak tree that guarded us from the sun’s withering rays. Ash set up the blanket while I started eating. (Hey, I had just finished a show and I was famished? Can you blame me?) After a few minutes of calm silence and chewing, he turned his gaze from the swaying trees to look at me.

“So... I was wondering if maybe... er, that is...” I stared at him curiously, mouth full sandwich and potato chips. It was unlike Ash to be so hesitant. In fact, I had only seen him like that once before...

“I know I said that we could just come to the park and chill since you had a busy day, but I was wondering if you might want to...” His gaze trickled down my body, finally coming to rest on my bladder.

I swallowed quickly and grinned. “You know it!”

Ash looked noticeably relieved, as if he was scared I would be weirded out by him asking. In fact, I had been thinking the same thing, but since it was usually me doing the holding, I decided to wait until he made the first move and gave me the A-OK.

“Sweet!” He chimed, his face lighting up with that smile I loved so much. “Before we start, how bad do you have to go now?”

I thought for a second. “I don’t really feel anything at the moment. I went at the theater right before we left.”

He nodded. “Cool. I made us a system so we can keep track of how full our bladders become.” Pulling something out of his pocket, he handed me a piece of paper, which I read carefully.

1- Empty.

2- Slight tingles.

3- Feeling urges.

4- Getting uncomfortable.

5- Holding it in.

6- Sizeable bulge.

7- Quivering muscles.

8- Desperation.

9- About to burst...

10- Squirting uncontrollably.

I laughed. “Ash, this is amazing! Why didn’t you think of this before?”

He beamed at me, proud of his work. “So, what are you?”

I read over the list again before responding. “A 1, I think.” I could tell I sounded disappointed. Of all the times I decided not to risk it?

“No problem,” Ash replied. “We can wait it out, or speed up the process.”

As much as I wanted to get to the holding, I decided to let the urges form naturally. “My muscles will be more tired that way,” I explained. “And I get the whole experience.” He agreed, and we returned to our picnic as if nothing had happened in the first place.

2:36. That was when Ash had first announced the challenge of holding until I burst. It wasn’t until 3:15 that I felt a minuscule tug on my bladder.

“2,” I announced, and he nodded without any further comment.

We took a walk through the tall trees, their leaves shining brightly in the summer sun (and providing some much-appreciated shade). As we passed a creek, Ash glanced at me expectantly. When I said nothing, he merely grinned and asked how long I wanted to stay at the park. It was a casual question, something you may ask on a regular date. But this was not a regular date, and I knew his words had a hidden meaning.

When do you want to call it quits?

I smiled and leaned my head against his shoulder. “Until I see it fit to do so.” Ash laughed and kissed the top of my head in response.

3:29. We returned to our picnic spot and commenced a game of truth or dare (because you are never too old to make a fool of yourself!) He admitted to being an avid Power Rangers fan, and I climbed the oak tree as high as I could go and shouted “I’m an ostrich! Watch me fly!” at the top of my lungs. Eventually, we were both laughing hysterically, rolling in the grass like total idiots.

Of course, it was baking outside, so naturally I downed quite a few bottles of water. In fact, I even beat Ash! It was at 4:00 sharp, however, that I felt my bladder pang. “3.” Ash pulled me to his side and eyed my abdomen. I cocked my head.

“Is there something you’re looking for?”

Ash’s gaze met mine. His eyes portrayed looks of excitement, awe even. He looked like a kid in a candy store that was told he could have anything he wanted. I grinned, straightened, and kissed him on the lips before he could answer my question.

4:45. Ash suggested we watch a movie on his lap top. I agreed, selecting an oldie but goodie: Noises Off. One of my favorites. As I laid on my stomach, I winced at the sudden pressure on my bladder Ash noticed.

“You good?” He asked, eyes sparkling.

I nodded, pushing my abdomen harder into the ground. The pain made me wriggle.

“4,” I replied. I was at the point in which (if I was a normal girl) I would have excused myself for the restroom. Instead, however, I merely scooted over so Ash could lay next to me.

5:45. We were half way through the movie when I noticed Ash squirming beside me. I surveyed him; his thighs were pressing together, and his eyes darted towards the bathrooms about an 8-minute walk away. Smirking, I met his gaze. He blushed.

“Unlike you, I did not go at the theater.” With that, he got up slowly. “You coming?”

“Sure. I’ll come.”

As we headed down the path, I saw Ash dipping up and down in my peripheral vision. He moaned quietly.

“I’m wishing I hadn't waited so long. I’m actually at a 7 by now. Ooouhhh.... Oh god, here comes the river.”

The creek rushed against the bank, the sound filling the quiet little glen. Ash’s face was screwed up in concentration as we hurried past. My bladder jolted at the increase of speed, but now seemed like a poor time to mention anything.

We reached the bathrooms at 5:52.

As I waited for Ash to immerge again, I sat on an old bench, absent-mindedly fidgeting with my necklace. I felt a small wave, and for a split second, I considered using the bathroom while we were already here. The thought quickly faded though as Ash approached me, grinning.

“I have to say, that was kind of close. Around an 8 by the time the line finally moved up.”

I giggled as he kissed my cheek. “Did you go?”

I shook my head. “Nah. I’ll be ok.”

He raised an eyebrow, but didn’t say anything.

We got back to the picnic and finished the movie around 6:05.

As the credits rolled, Ash stretched and checked his watch. I, on the other hand, stayed down, squeezing my thighs together tightly.

“I can’t help but notice that you seem a bit tense there.”

I looked up at him. “No, I’m just a 6, why do you ask?”

His eyes widened in excitement. This was when things got interesting.

I decided not to tell him that his near-accident had pushed me past the 5 mark.

We relaxed for a little bit, just lying in the shade of the tree. He stoked my hair, sending shivers down my spine. I told him about my show, and how I tripped and fell onstage. He laughed and said I probably made it look professional. There we were, a teenage couple, having a normal conversation. To anyone else, this was exactly what couples did.

Except we found our own ways to make it unique.

Ash smiled as he told a story about the time he was trapped in his room for 24 hours. I shook my head. Ash’s cousin was a major jerk, that was incredibly obvious the first instant I met him. Turns out, he broke the doorknob for Ash’s bedroom, locking him in for a full day. Of course, this meant no food, no water except for the bottle he had conveniently stored the previous day, and yes, no bathroom.

“It was bad. I cried and pounded on the door like crazy, hopping up and down. I must have been no older than 8, and my bladder was throbbing. I remember screaming that I had to pee, but that made no difference. Eventually, I realized he wasn’t coming back. The need was so intense, I just sat there, back to the door, clutching myself and moaning. I squirted at one point, then started crying again, urine spreading past my fingertips. Then I just wet myself completely, right then and there.”

At the end of his story, I seemed to gain back my senses, and it suddenly became apparent to me that I was clutching my crotch tightly. I retracted my hand quickly, hoping Ash didn’t notice. That didn’t happen.

“You going to explain?” He asked, nudging me. “Come, on. Don't act like I'm not going to see you holding yourself right in front of me.” He actually seemed a little hurt. “This game is no fun if you don't tell me anything.”

I nodded, sitting up onto my heel. “It’s just... I didn’t want to interrupt you. You know how much I love your stories.” He smiled and pulled me back down next to him. I clenched my muscles as he traced a hand over the bulge, sending tingles in his wake.

6:36. This was the turning point.

We had resumed our game of truth or dare, and my dare was a doosie: Stand with my legs spread out for 10 minutes. Seems easy, right? Not when your bladder protrudes out like a basketball.

I moaned as my lips quivered. Ash sat across from me, making sure I didn’t try any funny business. “How ya feeling?” He grinned.

I shot him a withering look.

“What do you think?” I asked. Ash’s face fell serious.

“I can give you another dare...”

“No! I... I like... I like this one.”

He smiled.

The 10 minutes droned on like hours. I felt my bladder pulse more and more with each passing second, an occasional squirt threatening to come out. But somehow, I managed to hold it together.

Barely.

10 minutes later, the timer beeped.

“You're free,” Ash said, sounding slightly disappointed. When I didn’t say anything, he looked up from his phone.

My thighs were pressed together, both hands stuffed in my crotch. My bladder was as hard as a rock.

“8,” I gasped as a squirt escaped my lips. “An 8.”

Ash stared for a second.

“Wow. You... You amaze me. You know that, right?”

I moaned and sank deeper into my half squat.

“So, what do you want to do?” Ash asked as he surveyed my new wet patch.

It was then that a mother and her child walked by. I blushed, quickly yanking my hand away. The woman looked at me quizzically as I gave her a desperate smile, legs trembling in agony. She seemed about to say something when Ash stepped in.

“Good afternoon, mam,” He edged in front of me, shielding me from her view. “Lovely day, isn't it?”

The mother just gave him a disapproving look and pulled her child away.

As their figures disappeared into the distance, Ash turned back to me. “That was close.”

“Too close. God knows what she was going to say.” I returned to my holding, dipping up and down.

Ash stared at my hands. “You never answered my question. What do you want to do?”

I shifted, glancing at the playground just up ahead. There were a few kids and their parents, but dinner time was coming up. This place would clear out soon enough.

“I... oh, god, Ash...” He had come up behind me, pressing into my pee hole and stroking my crotch softly.

“What’s wrong, Amy?” He asked, pushing a little harder. “Is your wee-wee going to come out?”

I moaned, feeling some urine squirt into his cupped hands.

“Now, naughty Amy! You leaked.” I wriggled atop his finger, trying my best to hold the flow at bay. He knew the toddler-talk turned me on, and boy was this time intense.

“Ash,” I said, not wanting to pee just yet. “I want to keep playing truth or dare.”

Ash raised an eyebrow, removing his hand from my crotch. I gasped and clutched myself tighter. “Are you wanting a specific version?” He asked, brushing the hair out of my eyes.

“Maybe...” I reached out and led his hand back to my abdomen. He smiled.

I sat back down on the picnic blanket, heel digging into my crotch so my hands were free. I squirmed, waiting as Ash looked me over.

“Truth or dare?”

“Dare.”

He thought for a second, eyes tracing along my body carefully. Then he smiled mischievously.

Digging through his backpack, he pulled out an empty water bottle. I was about to question as to what my dare was when he answered for me.

“I will press this bottle up to your pee hole for 5 minutes. You cannot squirt or release so much as a drop of pee. Got it?”

I nodded.

Ash’s hands skated along my skin, slowly unbuttoning my jeans. I glanced around, hoping no one would report us, but at 7:10 on a Thursday night, it seemed highly unlikely anyone was around. Plus, we had been lucky to snag one of the more inland spots, further away from the parking lots.

Ash didn’t need to tell me the bottle was ready. I could feel the plastic between my tortured lips, open and welcome to any liquid that came gushing out of me.

“Your time starts... now.”

As Ash held the bottle up to my crotch, I couldn’t help but admire his looks. His hair fell golden-brown across his forehead, sparkling in the almost setting sun. That was one of the things that had first attracted me to him, way back at the beach: His perfect way of capturing stunning in a single breath. He was strong, but not exactly muscular, arms portraying a look of protection. Hansome, sweet, tantalizing. I sighed. How did I get so lucky? I wondered what it would be like to run my hand across his chest and kiss him, long and hard, with all of this pee stored up in my pulsing bladder...

I couldn’t help it. Some urine escaped, squirting out of my urethra and trickling down the side of the bottle.

Ash’s brows furrowed together, removing the container. “Come on, Amy, you can do better than this. Is it that bad?”

“No, I... I...”

I was drooling over you.

But he didn’t wait for an answer, just put the cap on, pulled my pants back up, and gave my bladder a playful shove.

“It’s ok. I saw you staring.”

I blushed.

“Ok,” he continued, setting the bottle outside. “My turn.”

“T-truth or dare?”

He thought for a moment before answering, “Truth.”

I groaned, pants still crumpled on the ground. I held myself through my panties, wet and golden in the setting sun.

Ash tilted his head. “What’s wrong? You want me to pull them back up?”

I nodded, gasping as his fingers skated across my hot skin. The buttons were clasped: 1. 2. 3. I winced at the added pressure, crotch flaring with heat. A maddening, desirable heat...

“O-Ok... Your truth, er...” I closed my eyes, thinking.

But I couldn’t focus. My pee hole burned, hot with desperation and horniness. I was rocking, slowly, deeply, completely immersed in the throbbing of my distended bladder. A good truth... a good truth... OOUUHHH... how am I supposed to think when I am literally about to...

Suddenly, it hit me what I wanted to know.

“In all honesty, how... how turned on are you right now?”

Ash’s eyes widened in surprise. Looking at me, his eyes filled with more love than I knew I deserved. He rested his hand on my bladder, tracing small, rhythmic circles, each one pushing harder into my bulge. My breath became ragged as he reached down, plugging my pee hole firmly.

“Amy...” I looked up, directly into his eyes. He was bright red, sweaty, and right then, the most beautiful thing in the world to me.

Leaning forward, he kissed me, laying atop my pulsing bladder. I screamed, thrashed, feeling him push the fabric of my panties aside and rubbing against my slick crotch. Moaning wasn’t enough. Kissing him wasn’t enough. I needed more, needed him to make me feel thing I had never felt before. As if sensing my thoughts, he stopped rubbing and pulled away.

“Amy, I... I can’t. It’s too risky, we could get caught...” The sky had become dark, the last traces of sun slipping beneath the horizon. He looked nervous, glancing around, as if battling with something inside of himself. He was hard, I could see it, but I knew he was right. We were to exposed out here.

“It’s ok,” I breathed, still laying sprawled on the ground. “I... I understand. Oh, god Ash, it’s... it’s coming... I CAN’T... IT’S COMING!!!” A spurt burst from my bladder, spraying out across the grass and staining our blanket. “No... No, NO!” I screeched, trying desperately to slow the torrent of urine flooding out of me. “Please, not yet! Not yet!”

And then, all at once, I couldn’t pee. I gasped, sparks flying before my eyes.

Ash plugged my pee hole. His hand trembled, pushing so hard I found myself unable to think of anything else. I was moaning, groaning, thrusting my pelvis into the air as his fingers continued to stay fixed, never moving, against my quivering lips.

“10,” I gasped between rocks. “10, 10, 10...” And then I laid still, just feeling, in all of its glory, the mass of pee inside me and the shock of Ash’s hands against my crotch.

“Let go,” I said, closing my eyes. He looked at me, unable to hide his surprise.

“But... I thought...”

Despite this, despite everything happening, I managed to smile. “It’s not fair for me to have all the fun.”

And so, he let go.

I screamed, pee gushing from my bladder with the strength of a fire hose. Even in the faded light, the arch seemed to sparkle with an unnatural brightness. I closed my eyes, breathing heavily, body racking with shudder after shudder. Ash was kissing me again, oblivious to the urine that was jetting from between my legs. His hands searched for my crotch, ripping off my pants and underwear so the urine could flow freely, and attacked me. He poked and prodded, pushed and shoved. I screamed louder, mind filled with nothing but his body against my own, and the searing fire inside of me. It was just us two, Ash and me, plastered together and moaning like we were the only things left in this world. And in a way, in my head, we were.

After what seemed like an eternity, the stream slowed. Ash stopped, panting, and sat back on his heels.

“Damn, you’re good.”

I gazed at him, heart thumping wildly inside of me.

“Y-You are too.”

After sitting in silence a few minutes longer, we packed up the soaked blanket and walked towards the car, hands clasped between us. No doubt someone had heard our, er, activities, and park worker or not, we were not in the mood to be busted. As the playground faded into the distance, I turned back to Ash in the driver’s seat.

“You never answered my question. How turned on do I make you?”

He laughed, leaning over and planting a kiss on my cheek.

“A whole, whole lot, Amy. But you know what else?”

“What?”

“You’re more than that. You’re my girlfriend, and, more than anything, I love you for you.”

I smiled, heart fluttering in my chest.

“I love you too.”

*006*2019-01-25 23:25

{{On 1/15/2019 at 8:39 AM, acer913 said:

I hope you weren't kidding in the fact of having written many stories and not yet publishing them, because I look forward to reading many more from you.

}}

Thank you so much! You have no idea how much that means to me.

