Sex offenders have it hard

Author: green_hanger

*000*2019-03-02 09:46

TW/CW: This contains brief mentions of sexual abuse (no descriptions, no incidents in the plot).

Plot summary: Government of unnamed country decides to fight against sex crime in a new, controversial way, introducing an electronic underwear lock for cisgender men and AMAB* non-binaries (although I'm going to use "men" for easier writing as I'm not fluent enough in English - sorry!). It can be unlocked only under shower, in a bathtub, while sitting on a toilet or in special designated areas. There's also device that allows to unlock other person's lock for sex, but it registers every use, so when it's used improperly, it gets deactivated for certain amount of time (depending of misuse's severity). People who commit certain type of crimes get more restrictions and limits with every incident. *AMAB - assigned male at birth

I'm not an English native speaker, but I hope it's enjoyable enough to read. :) Let me know if you're interested in continuation or it's better as an one-shot concept only.

###

1. EUL introduction

After trying more reasonable - and unsuccessful - methods in war against sex crimes, government eventually voted in favour of controversial bill, commonly known among citizens as "the cock lock law". It made mandatory for every man to wear an electronic underwear lock (EUL), requiring a special unlocking unit to access one's genitals. There has been a huge riot against it, but government was rigid, forcing unwilling men to cooperate by brute force. Newly created police department, mockingly called "Cockblockers", had right to check on men's privates and use physical means to bring any unsecured citizen down to the nearest locking facility.

"The cock lock law" was fair in its ridiculousness and even tourists had to obey it, making EUL equally needed as passport or visa. Every attempt to remove or modify EUL triggered a loud, characteristic alarm, which was impossible to mute until police unit had reset it. Government had spent a lot of money on free toilet renovations for every household and public toilet, making sure every man had an accessible toilet nearby.

Renovated toilets were equipped with USB-like cord that allowed to deactivate EUL for as long as one's was sitting on a seat. Of course there were attempts to lengthen the cord, trick EUL into thinking it's connected, weight a seat to imitate sitting position while still standing or making deals with other people to use their unlocking devices, but developers had reacted quickly and every way to cheat was eventually blocked. There was increasing number of vandalism though - some individuals purposely damaged both main and back-up cords to make sure toilet was inaccessible for anyone with EUL. This led to growing anxiety among wearers and forced government to spend more on maintenance. There was an idea for emergency kit that would allow men to urinate in case of broken unlocking unit, but it was yet to be developed.

Since EUL was intended to prevent sexual assault, it had a significant impact on men's sexual life. After sexologists and psychologists advocated for a way to allow men masturbate without other person's unlocking device, every wearer had been allowed to pick a "self-care spot" in privacy of their home and call for technicians to install additional unlocking station. Trying to keep balance between keeping men in healthy, non-frustrated condition and making sure excessive masturbation won't encourage either looking for gradually stronger stimulants or avoiding healthy sex relationships, government allowed for only one "self-care session" every day.

EUL covered only genitals, so many men got interested in anal toys, which eventually led to being more open about anal play and increased pegging popularity. Pegging became a common one night stand sex, which allowed women to enjoy sex without removing EUL for their own safety. Men-loving-men communities had it a bit hard, because usually both of participants had penises and thus both of them had to deal with unlocking their partner. If their partner misbehaved, their device could be deactivated or taken away, even if they later wanted to unlock different person. This caused a new occupation to be born - sex offenders that had no problem with being punished by law, exposed cheating husbands and boyfriends by causing deactivation of their device.

To encourage good behaviour government decided to use more punishments than rewards. Sex crime definition became insanely strict, making even a slight mistake an excuse to register someone as sex offender. Things like catcalling, continuing to flirt or send messages after phrase "I'm not interested in a sexual or romantic relationship with you" or sending an infamous "dick pic" were illegal. First-time sex offenders' unlocking area would be restricted to non-public toilets and bathrooms, which meant they could use their own or their friend's restroom, but had no access to toilets registered as public ones, including those at work, college or restaurant.

Places like campuses or hostels were required to keep at least one bathroom for registered sex offenders only, which was the only toilet they had access to as well. While innocent men and first-time offenders had their unlocking times unlimited, recidivists were limited to less and less unlocking times with every new incident. This was made mostly to discourage them from further abuse, but also made them stay home more often. Unlocking times were a joined amount for either showering, urinating or masturbation, so - excluding showers, when they could do all of these activities at once - they were forced to choose which they had been needing more.

Social disapproval for desperate men had began as they were suspected to be a sex offender with restricted unlocking time or area. Being seen desperate meant an instant gossip and troubles with getting a date. Some men spent a lot of time training their bladders at home just to avoid this stigma. Adult diapers became prescription item, making it unavailable for average man after sex offenders used them as a way to cheat on their unlocking limits. Doctors were concerned, but no awareness campaign had changed this situation. Men just had to learn how to live in this new, weird world.

