Ayla and Harriet: Locked in

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2019-11-11 20:08

A picture of the main character, Addilyn. I feel like I don't use this picture enough and now is a perfect time.

Ayla and Harriet: Locked in

It was a dull winter evening and the rain was lashing down over the Midlands. The halls of Fort Victoria were quiet with most of the Guildhands and Apprentices heading out into town to celebrate a successful Royal visit.

However, sitting by candlelight in the confines of a large study, there were two Apprentices who were not fortunate enough to be out getting drunk with their friends. For Ayla - The Fiery-haired Bard and Harriet it was another night in Sidmere’s study, reading up and practicing their spells for a chance at their upcoming Guildhand trial.

Ayla, who had seen the brunt of the duties for the Royal visit, had been so eagerly awaiting the night where she could finally go out and unwind. But she couldn’t avoid studying when the trials were so close.

She looked out of the rain-splattered window, looking down on Guilden, the lights of the town fragmented by the rain, and sighed.

For an hour, she studied, focusing on her spellbook and trying to drill the long list of spells into her head. Her attention waned; often she found herself wandering from the pages and up to the massive library that towered above her Mentor’s study.

So many books, and she didn’t believe that Scholar Sidmere had read them all in his time. The man was barely past the age of thirty, and he much preferred theatre to books.

Instead of studying, Ayla began to ruminate about how many of those books her Mentor had read, and how many were still waiting to be opened, left to gather dust through years of neglect.

A hand slapped her shoulder, jolting her forward and knocking her from her ruminations. She spun around in her seat and behind her, Harriet stood with her wand in hand. “Shouldn’t you be focusing on your reading?” She asked, poking Ayla’s cheek with her wand, her fat freckled cheeks raised with a smirk.

Harriet was another of Sidmere’s Apprentices. She was a short girl with a little weight on her, coming from a fondness for food. And it showed. She had a belly on her, but most of her weight was in her thighs which were delightfully plump, the faint sight of them showing beneath her skirt.

Her chubby cheeks were freckled and she had a small button nose that really showed just how rounded her cheeks were. She had brown hair that reached just beyond her ears and was often short and curly, but for tonight it had been straightened. It was easy to tell she was naturally curly-haired as it was already beginning to furl back.

She was a year older than Ayla - Nineteen years. It gave her the idea that she was the Senior, the older sister of the two and she liked to act like it. Though often she looked more foolish than mature. Her talent as a Magi was not be overlooked, but Harriet had a penchant for not acting her age.

Ayla reached out and swiped the wand from Harriet’s hand. “Shouldn’t you?” She retorted. “You won’t learn much swinging your wand around.”

“I am.” Replied Harriet, snatching her wand back and running to the other side of the table where Ayla couldn’t reach her. Not that Ayla cared to follow her.

“It looks it.” She shook her head.

With a mocking glance, Harriet pointed her wand at her and chuckled, brandishing a mischievous grin. “It’s important you are as useful with your spells as you are your books.” She recited her Mentor’s words with an accent that barely resembled his.

Her performance as Scholar Sidmere gave Ayla a strong fit of the giggles. Her impression was good, or maybe it was just the mockery she put into her words.

“Well, get back to it. And let me read in peace.”

Before she could continue reading, a wand slammed down on her book. Ayla huffed and slowly looked up, again seeing Harriet smirking. “Come spar with me, Ayla.”

She pushed the wand away. “I need to catch up on my reading. There’s a whole bunch of spells I’ve yet to learn.” She tried to open her book again, and again the wand came down on it.

“Oh, come on!” Harriet whined. “I need to practice some of these summons and it’d be fun to do it with somebody. “Come on~” She kept begging, hopping up and down and eventually rocking the table, all wide-eyed and soppy like a puppy. “If you do it I’ll love you forever~”

It took some time, but eventually she caved to Harriet’s begging and took the wand. “Okay, I’m sure I can show you a thing or two. Just stop with those puppy-dog eyes.”

The girls took up position in the center of the study and prepared for their first round sparring. The game was simple; one girl would manifest an illusion, and the other had to summon something to best it. If Harriet summoned a mouse, Ayla would summon a cat. If she summoned a tree, then Ayla would summon an axe.

It was a fast game, each round lasting only a minute. Before the girls knew it, a whole hour had passed. The clock in the town rang for seven and both girls set aside their wands.

Harriet’s stomach growled, as did Ayla’s, and both girls agreed it was time for something to eat.

“Did you bring something with you to eat?” Harriet asked, pulling out a neatly wrapped sandwich from her rucksack.

“I was going to get something from the Great Hall… but I forgot.” Ayla squeaked, hanging her head down.

Harriet giggled and reached back into her rucksack. “It’s a good thing I brought enough for us both, isn’t it.” She said, placing a smaller sandwich on the table.

In the back of her mind, Ayla had a feeling that this wasn’t really for her, that it was just another sandwich for Harriet to scarf down, but she wouldn’t say no. She took the sandwich and fiddled with the delicate wrapping. “Where did you get this? From that little tea shop in town?”

“Uh-huh!” Harriet nodded, spewing crumbs as she’d already taken a large bite from her sandwich.

“Aww, I wish you’d told me you were going there.” Ayla huffed. “You know how much I love that big flask of cinnamon tea they do.”

The chubby Magi smirked, crumbs again falling from her mouth. “Then it’s a good thing I was thinking of you.” She again reached into her rucksack and pulled out two green flasks.

For a short while, the girls sat at the table, munching on their sandwiches and talking. There really wasn’t much to talk about, but that didn’t stop them from chatting. Harriet, with a mouth full of pork sandwich, bragged about a new spell she had been learning - a teleportation spell capable of vanishing anything.

“It’s going to be such a great spell!” She said, crumbs spewing everywhere as she waved her wand around. “I’ll be able to move anything that’s smaller than me, but with enough effort, I could learn to move mountains!” She cheered, again waving her wand.

Not much for bragging, Ayla sat quietly and nursed her cinnamon tea. She listened to Harriet brag and brag. She knew she couldn’t say anything when Harriet had been kind enough to bring her a sandwich and tea, so she kept quiet, nodding along with every word Harriet said.

After both girls had finished their food and their tea, they set back to their studies. The night was growing and they both wished to get as much studying done before their Mentor’s return. Ayla once again buried her head deep in her spellbook and began reciting summoning words, and Harriet returned to her summoning.

It had only been a few minutes after finishing her tea that Harriet felt discomfort in her bladder. It was enough to interrupt her from her spellcasting. “Haa~” She sighed and threw her arms up. She couldn’t ignore it, she had to answer nature’s call.

“It was a big flask of tea.” She shrugged to herself.. She sat her wand down on the table and strutted off to use the lavatory, whistling a tune as she approached the door. “I’ll be back in a minute, I’m going for a slash.” She informed Ayla.

“Alright.” Ayla peered over her book. “Don’t take too long, I know what you’re like.”

Neither girl had remembered, nor realized what they had been told by Nidley earlier. Harriet walked up to the door, growing quite desperate for a pee. It was growing worse quickly, like the contents of that flask was rushing itself into her bladder.

She grabbed the door handle and pushed it, and to her dismay found that it wouldn’t budge. The handle was stuck, rattling under her grasp.

“Oh right…” She sighed, remembering at last. “Nidley put this dumb lock on the door.” She held the lock flat in her palm and jiggled it, hoping that would be enough to undo such a flimsy looking lock. “What did Nidley say this thing does? Ask us a question or something like that?”

The lock the Kniv had put on the door was designed to stop the girls from shirking their studies and heading out into town to get drunk with the rest of the Guild.

At first Ayla and Harriet found the idea ridiculous, but no matter what they said, Nidley brushed it off and insisted that it wouldn’t be a problem. “It’s not like you’ll be locked in here! If you need to get up to do dirty things, all you have to do is answer a question and the lock will undo itself! Easy right?” The Kniv told them.

“You’re both great students, so you shouldn’t have a problem with this lock provided you’ve both been reading your spellbook - which I’m sure two great Apprentices have been.”

The look Nidley had given them glowed with a certain mockery. It came naturally to a Kniv, that mocking little stare. They were mischievous by nature after all.

The lock began to shake in Harriet’s palm and suddenly, like a creature drawing its first breath, it gasped. “If you wish to pass you must solve my riddle.” A deep voice echoed.

“Alright, I’m an ace at riddles.” Harriet claimed with a burning arrogance. That arrogance was suddenly knocked as a knock from her bladder struck her, causing her legs to seize. She jiggled her hips, dancing up and down on the spot, feeling her fluids sloshing around inside her. “Hurry it up then, I’m burstin’ for a wee here.”

A deep deep guttural groan emanated from the device, and the voice told her the riddle. “I vanquish light, but without it I diminish. I am as darrrrk as night and black as coal, but I can shape myself under your contrrrrol.” The riddle concluded with an inhuman groan. “What am I?”

“I… what?” Harriet had never heard such a riddle, and after mulling it over for a minute or two, with her thoughts being disrupted briefly by growing urgency between her legs, she gave in, huffed and crossed her arms. “What the hell does that mean?”

She tried listing off the first things that came to her mind. None of them were correct. FInally, she grabbed the lock and started pulling at it. “I don’t know the answer to that dumb riddle. Now come on, open up and let me go for a wee! I’m not going to sneak off! Come onnnnn!”

She pulled and pulled, the steel rattling under her grasp, but the lock didn’t budge. “Your answerrrr is incorrrrect.” It moaned. “Return to me when you can solve my riddle.”

“Hey! No!” She pulled furiously, planting her foot on the door and pushed herself back with the lock in hand. “Come on! Let. Me. Go!” Still it wouldn’t budge. No matter how much Harriet pulled, rattled and rived.

All of this activity only aggravated her bladder. She stopped when she felt a fierce sting between her lower lips, like a burning against her spigot. “Gah!” She took out her frustration by kicking the floor.

There was nothing she could do, and with her bladder begging for relief, Harriet could only hobble back to the table. “A-Ayla do you know the answer?” She asked, cheeks flushed.

Ayla shook her head, but she did have one idea. “Nidley said the answer would be in our spellbooks, right?” She flicked the page and read on. “Maybe it’s not just a riddle, maybe they’re summoning words. You know - words of power for helping novices with spellcasting.”

“Like what Sidmere has you doing?” Harriet said with a sly smirk.

“Yes… like what Sidmere has me doing.” She replied, masking her anger at such an easy dig of her abilities.

“So we’re going to have to read through this whole thing to find them?” Harriet picked up her own book and ran her finger across the pages of the unopened book. “There must be a thousand pages here!” Saying that made her bladder twinge. She grabbed the edge of the table and bent down, squeezing her thighs tightly together.

To read through the whole book and find those words, if they were even there, would take a lot longer than her quivering bladder could afford her. All that tea had gone right through her and quickly it was filling her up. She felt fit to burst and knowing she had no choice only made it feel worse.

Harriet pulled up a chair and sat down at the table. She pressed her butt deep into the chair, crossing her legs and brushing the heel of her right foot up and down her shin in impatient desperation, letting the rhythmic sound soothe her. “I’m bursting!” She hissed through her teeth.

“Try not to think about too much.” Ayla told her in a weak effort to try and help. “Here, I’ll help. How about I read from the back and you read from the front?”

“P-Please.” Harriet accepted, her tongue quivering as her body waned in strength from holding. “Thank you, A-Ayla.”

She smiled kindly. “It’s no problem.” Though she had her own selfish reasons for finding the answer to that riddle, and she kept it hidden well beneath the table.

All Harriet could do now was bury her head in the spellbook and flick frantically through the pages. She tried to sit still, but her urges kept her squirming, writing in her seat, brushing her pudgy butt against the wood.

She read as fast as she could, pushing through the pages of spells, looking for anything that could match the riddle.

Nothing would stop her. The only thing that came close was the growing wave of desperation that kept washing over her, sending her whole body into a frenzy of feverish shivers, the lapse in control causing her to strike the table with her knees to alleviate the urges.

“Have you found anything yet?” She moaned, growing ever more impatient.

“Not yet.” Ayla replied, though she was reading at a much slower pace, examining every sentence thoroughly.

“Oooooh~” She moaned again and buried her face into the books pages. She felt a twinge between her legs like a violent flash of lightning striking her. She grasped the book tightly, pulling it close and pushing the tip of its spine against her spout, shuddering as it brought her momentary relief. “I’m dying for a piss here!” She cried.

“I know, but keep reading. It can’t take much longer.” Ayla tried to reassure her.

Harriet had not been alone in her plight as Ayla too had been feeling nature’s call for a while now. She too had greedily downed her entire flask of tea before returning to her studies. She composed herself far better than Harriet but that didn’t mean she wasn’t feeling the same pressure as her friend.

For now, Ayla accepted there was nothing more they could do but find the answer to the riddle. The only other solution she wouldn’t dare consider, and that was to find… other means of relieving themselves. That was out of the question, so for now Ayla sat, legs together and the thoughts of relieving herself pushed to the back of her mind.

An hour had passed, marked by the chimes of the town clock in the distance. The girls had hardly made a dent in the pages they were reading. It had gotten worse for them, both girls squirmed in their seats, Harriet noticeably more so than Ayla.

Both girls were near their limits.

Harriet was burning up. Her cheeks felt like they were on fire and she had grown sweaty from the frequent shivers. She had grown more tense as time passed, sitting with her legs pressed right against each other, pressing her hot, pudgy thighs together. She grimaced at the clammy feeling of sweat.

Even as she wrapped herself up, she could still feel her water, the impatient calls of her bladder pushing ever closer to the tip of her maidenly spot, her lower lips trembling as her strength dwindled.

She couldn’t distract herself, whether it be by reading or impatient pacing, her mind could focus on visions of sweet relief; of pulling down her knickers and seating herself over a nice, waiting commode. The sounds of her water sloshing beneath her and she let it all out.

Those visions proved to be too much, and Harriet at last couldn’t contain herself. She gave up, slamming her book closed and accepting defeat. She buried her head deep in her knees, pressing her hands down between her soft maidenly lips, not a care for the sweat moistening her fingers.

“I can’t hold it in any longer!” She declared, screaming loud enough for her voice to echo.

She leapt up from the chair, her sudden movements causing intense agony to the point she doubled over, crushing her hands with the sweaty fat of her thighs. “Please tell me you’ve found the answer!” She cried, sinking her teeth into her lower lip.

She hadn’t and Ayla lacked the heart to tell her the truth. She shook her head meekly. She too had been distracted by her body’s frequent cries for the lavatory. Beneath the table she rocked her legs, sweeping the floor with her boots, listening to the scraping of the stone to distract herself.

She had grown desperate, near her own breaking point. She could feel her bladder overfilling, the warm contents giving her belly a slight bulge. Still, she kept her composure.

“I’m going to piss myself!” Harriet continued to cry, jumping up and down frantically with her hands wedged between the heft of her thighs. Her wrists lifted her skirt and revealed the faintest glimpse of her knickers. “I really mean it this time! It’s about to come out!” She spun around, scouting the room for something to go in. “I’ve got no choice… I’m going to have to piss in that plant!”

Ayla felt her heart skip a beat when she heard it. “W-What!?” She yelped, feeling the blood rush to her cheeks. She looked over her shoulder toward the corner Harriet was eyeing. There was an old ceramic pot that housed a small green shrub, perfectly perched in the shadow. “Y-You can’t go in that!” She shouted. She’d never heard Harriet be so crude. “J-Just wait another minute or t-two! I’m almost through-”

Her words fell on deaf ears. As Ayla tried to reason with her, Harriet ignored her and squirmed over to the pot, holding herself the whole way. She hiked up her skirt and treated Ayla to a glimpse of her peachy backside, barely contained by her white knickers, which clung to her crack with sweat.

She stood over the shrub, weak at the knees, shaking violently as she clawed at her knickers. The sweat had them clinging to her maidenhood like glue. Her hands, shaking feverishly, also gave her problems. She could feel it coming, her spout quivering. She had to get her knickers down and squat down over the pot before it was too late.

“H-Harriet!” Ayla yelled, trying her best to get her to stop. “J-Just h-hold it for another-”

“I can’t.” Harriet hissed. She stood immodestly with her hands hiking up her skirt, revealing her white cotton knickers in all of their glory. “If Nidley didn’t want me to piss in their plants she shouldn’t have put that stupid lock on the door!”

Finally, after what felt like an eternity of struggle, she was able to hook her thumbs under her knickers and yanked them down. They fell around her knees, revealing her soft pink lips, glistening with sweat.

Ayla couldn’t believe it. She could feel her heart racing. Harriet’s maidenhood, right before her very eyes.

There was no more time. Harriet felt a spurt dribbling from between her lips. Without hesitation she thrust herself down and squatted over the pot, lowering herself over the soil. She felt the leaves press against her crotch, they tickled her lips.

She let go, and at last felt the pleasure as her water rushed out of her and into the waiting soil beneath.

“Ooooooooh~” She moaned as the air in the chamber resonated with a heavy hissing and the sounds of her piss slashing against dry soil. Her stream struck the soil with force, causing it to splatter against the leaves of the shrub, as well as her bare thighs.

She didn’t care, she didn’t care about anything. The relief was too much. It felt too good.

She took great pleasure in the relief she was feeling, enjoying every second that she was filling the pot. She swayed her hips gently, thrusting them from side to side. She glanced down and watched as her thick stream rained from between her thighs, spraying the little plant in her essence as she danced from side to side.

A few stray dribbles ran from her maidenhood, leading a hot, damp trail to her wincing anus and dribbling down onto the floor.

“Ahhhhhhhh~” She continued to sigh, moaning like a whore being serviced between her legs.

Her stream showed no sign of stopping, and the soil, now damp and steaming with piss, could barely hold anymore of her fluids. With a little push, her stream grew even stronger, now striking the leaves and splattering the floor around her boots. “Oooh~” Her legs went weak from the ecstasy she was feeling. She could hardly keep herself up so she squatted deeper, her cheeks widening as she straddled the sides of the pot to steady herself.

“Ahh~ F-Fuck me~ This feels~” Her symphony of sighs continued, dripping with relief that was near orgasmic. “Sooo good~”

Ayla leered at Harriet’s maidenhood, watching her douse the poor plant with a splattering of piss. Her cheeks grew redder, burning like hellfire. Harriet’s backside was delightfully plump, her rosy cheeks dripping with stray drops of pee that glistened in the candlelight.

She knew it was wrong to watch another girl during such a personal moment, but she couldn’t bring herself to look away. She watched every second of it, the sight of another girl pissing gleefully in her presence causing her own bladder to wince in envy.

It was taunting; she felt helpless. Part of her wanted to rush over and join her, pulling down her knickers and hovering over the plant with her. The only thing Ayla could do was straddle the chair and press her maidenhood against the seat, squirming like a helpless child.

It was as if she was torturing herself. To watch Harriet relieve herself with such unrestrained pleasure while she was confined to her seat, writing around, on the edge of soiling herself. It made her lower lips tremble and coupled with the pressure against her maidenly spot, she began to quiver with glee.

Harriet was still not relieved. She must have held the whole of Lake Astana in her bladder to be pissing for so long. She was still going, her stream splattering noisily against the pool of piss where the soil could not soak up anymore.

Her stream was growing weaker and she was beginning to feel empty. It was an orgasmic feeling, one that curled her lips in pleasure. With feverish fingers, she lowered herself down to the pot and seated herself atop it, barely hanging over the edge.

Her pudgy thighs sank in the ceramic pot and her radiant cheeks, filling out the empty space, concealed her stream from Ayla’s leering eyes. But she could still hear it; a soft muffled splashing against an already large pool of piss. Her cheeks slowly spread as her butt sank into the pot, giving Ayla a rather… vivid view of her rear porthole, glistening with piss and winking with every shiver.

Finally, after what felt like a lifetime had passed, there was silence again. Harriet’s stream died down to a few little trickles. The chamber’s smoky aroma was now polluted with a strong stench of fresh piss that steamed in the air.

Ayla, with her bladder bulging and her heart battering against her chest, relished the silence. No longer could she be teased by the sights and sounds of Harriet pissing. That sound, the sloshing of her stream as it mingled with the already growing puddle in the pot had been as tantalizing as it had been taunting.

It had given Ayla a feeling of ecstasy for all the wrong reasons.

“Hmm~” Harriet concluded the ordeal with a soft sigh, a quiet little moan that told her that at last her bladder was empty. “That’s better~”

She pushed herself up from the plant, letting her knickers flutter down her knees and rest atop her boots. A few dribbles still trickled from her spout. Now that it was all over, Harriet realized just how awkward of a situation it had been, not just for her but for Ayla, who had just witnessed her unleash a mighty flood into an unsuspecting pot of soil.

Ayla sat, squirming, staring blankly at Harriet.

“S-Sorry, I r-really needed that.” She rubbed the back of her neck nervously, feeling the little prickles of her hairs standing on end. She bent over to grab her knickers when she felt a cold damp patch between her cheeks. “A-Ayla, would you mind…” She spun her finger, gesturing for Ayla to turn around. “I need to wipe.”

It took the fiery-haired girl a moment to register that she was gawking like a drunkard in a brothel. “Oh! OH! Ah! Sorry!” She averted her leering looks and buried her head back into the books pages. “I wish that was me over that plant…” She whispered.

She heard Harriet approach the table. A hand reached past her and grabbed one of the napkins from their dinner. “S-Sorry… I just need this for… you know.”

Cloth shuffled behind her. Ayla could imagine it, almost as if she could see it; Harriet’s wet cheeks being pushed back into her knickers, her fat, round cheeks barely contained by the cotton. She smiled sinfully and continued with her reading.

Harriet appeared shortly after, strolling past the table with a spring in her step and taking her seat, leaving what she’d done in the pot to stew with the soil. Steam rose up from the soil.

“I’m all done.” She said, curling her lips into a smile. She sounded fatigued, her breath was heavy and ragged, her cheeks red and glistening with sweat. “Ooh, you had no idea how good that felt.” She let out a moan and leant back in her seat, savouring the feeling of an empty bladder.

Ayla ignored her. She couldn’t listen to Harriet talk about how good it felt. Maybe when she wasn’t on the brink of bursting it would be tolerable, but right now it just weighed down on her.

“Hey is something up with you?” Harriet asked, prodding the cover of the spellbook with her wand. “You’ve been really quiet and you’re looking pale. You feeling ill?”

With the unrelenting assault against her maidenhood, Ayla knew she couldn’t keep it a secret any longer. She pressed her hands atop her thighs and took a deep breath. “I… have to pee as well.” She whimpered, the shame of saying it aloud made her heart flutter. She could only stare down at her legs, watching her fidgeting thighs beneath her skirt.

“Oh, Oh!” Harriet exclaimed as if she should’ve known. She perked up suddenly, leaning up and over the table. “How bad is it? Like is it pant-pissingly bad?”

Ayla said nothing, letting her face, burning a bright ruby red, tell Harriet everything.

“You idiot, you should’ve said something!” Harriet flailed her wand with scorn, furrowing her brows angrily. “You should go and do it in the plant pot if you’re about to piss yourself.” She gestured to the steaming pot with her wand.

She shook her head furiously, refusing to entertain the idea. “There’s no need for that!” She protested.

She brushed off the idea before Harriet could say another word. Being a Caravarni, Ayla was used to peeing in the bushes when nature called, but not like this. She couldn’t just squat down over a potted plant and relieve herself in it, especially when that potted plant belonged to her Mentor. The shame would never leave her, she’d be forced to live with it, knowing that plant had been moistened by her water.

“I’ll be fine. I’m not too desperate.” She put on a fake smile and confidently brushed her fiery-hair out of her eyes to mask the urgency that was slowly chipping away at her. The pressure in her bladder was swelling, the soft bulge that protruded from her stomach had grown and it felt like she was about to explode.

For now, Ayla buried her head back in her spellbook and tried to resume reading. This time she read quicker, practically skimming the pages.

And then, after only a minute of reading, Ayla found exactly what she was looking for.

As if the words on the page lit up, the passage she had desperately sought was right before her eyes. “Of course.” Ayla muttered, smacking her cheek in disbelief. “It’s Sentient Shadow!” She looked up at Harriet, eyes glowing and a bright smile. “The riddle - part of it is the summoning words of Sentient Shadow!”

It was so obvious, so blatant that even the most novice of Magi would know it without the aid of a spellbook. No wonder Sidmere had her reading these books religiously. For that she smacked herself again.

“You’ve got to be kidding me…” Harriet threw her head back and stared blankly at the ceiling. “Of course! Shadows can only be seen with light and the moving under control thing.” She didn’t sound half as disappointed as Ayla. “Well, we’ve got the answer and you need to piss, right? Go show that stupid lock!” She cheered, clenching her fist.

Were it not for her body’s cries for relief, she would’ve sat and read the passage over to make sure she was correct. But she had grown so full, so desperate beyond belief that she’d have to forgo any thorough research. She was close to soiling herself and as her body waned in strength until she felt weak she was holding herself on sheer willpower alone.

She was growing hot, her whole body, but mostly between her legs, was burning. She’d grown jittery, her whole body shaking in an effort to keep herself moving. It was the only thing that staved off the growing pressure that welled between her legs.

As quick as her feeble form would allow her Ayla pushed her chair back and hopped to her feet, slamming her legs closed and doubled over as the pressure hit her. “Hnng!” She hissed, her whole body tightening.

Fearing that rushing would be more than her bulging bladder could bear, she dragged her feet across the floor, walking slowly, stiffly, forced to embrace the feeling of her fluids sloshing around inside of her.

She dragged herself before the door. Her whole body was trembling like the cold had gotten to her. A bead of sweat ran down her cheek. It may have been a tear for all she knew. She squeezed her legs together to relieve the tension on the aching muscles between her thighs and stood up straight, head raised and brandishing a fierce look of determination painted over her weak, feverish expression.

There wasn’t much she could do to ease the stress on her lower half. She prayed her tight form would be enough to deter even the smallest dribble. It hurt, the pain she was feeling with every passing second grew more intense. She felt fit to burst at the seams, her lower stomach spasmed and her legs shook.

Her cheeks burned, cooled only by beads of sweat. Her lower lips quivered, dripping with sweat from the shakes. In the back of her mind Ayla heard this little voice that begged her to give up, telling her to collapse and let it all out just so she could bask in the warm relief that would follow.

No. She wouldn’t allow it. “H-Heroes do not soil themselves.” She whispered a reassuring mantra to herself.

All that stood between her and the warm, welcoming embrace of a lavatory seat was the lock Nidley had put in place. That lock, which hung from the door silently, half-covered by darkness, was the great beast to be slain.

She ignored everything she was feeling, pushing it to the back of her mind so she could focus only on getting the door open. For a few moments she would have to endure the screaming in her head. She stood still, enjoying the heat from her thighs as they rubbed desperately against one another.

With a low guttural groan the lock awakened and again offered its riddle. “Answer this rrrriddle…”

Before it could speak, a twinge, no a strike from her bladder rocked Ayla between her thighs. It was so intense that she lashed out, stamping the floor with her foot and biting her lip, chewing down on it. “Hnnn…” You’re Sentient Shadow!” She screamed, forsaking decency and grabbing herself between the legs, fingering herself with an iron-clad grasp. “You’re the malformation spell Sentient Shadow.” She took a deep breath in the narrow hope of composing herself. “NOW OPEN THIS FUCKING DOOR!”

Silence fell on the study, the whole chamber growing eerily quiet. The air was still. Ayla stood frozen, legs crossed and fear dripping from her body. She clenched her fists tightly, nails digging into her palm as a horrendous wave washed over her, striking her walls with enough force that she thought she was going to give in and flood her clothes.

She endured it, though she feared it was not without repercussions. The seat of her knickers felt surprisingly damp.

“You arrrre corrrrect.” The lock answered and clicked. The small latch wrapped around the door undid itself and the lock fell from the handle.

Finally, it was over. Ayla cheered. She reached out to kick the lock aside and almost instantly realized that was not her wisest move. The only thing holding back her water was the pressure from her legs squeezing together. As her legs parted, her bladder seized the moment.

A hot spurt leaked into her knickers, dampening her crotch. “Aah!” She whimpered, bending over and clamping her hands against her lower lips. She felt another spurt spill onto the tips of her fingers.

“Ayla, are you okay?” Her antics had drawn Harriet’s attention. “You can make it on your own, right?”

“Haa~ I’m fine. I’ve… just been sitting too long. Legs have fallen asleep.” She replied with a poorly convincing smile. I’m about to pee! I’m about to pee! I’M ABOUT TO PEE! “I’m going for a wee and then I’ll be back.”

That small leak had given her a taste of the relief she sorely needed. With that first dribble Ayla could feel herself giving in. The soft spot between her legs burned like hellfire, her lips quivered beyond control and she could feel herself losing control; her walls widening for a larger flood that was pushing closer to the cotton of her knickers.

She waddled forward and slammed her hand against the door handle, the cold brass chilling her sweaty palm was a victory of its own. She threw the door open, staring down the long stone corridor. Just a short walk, a minute at most. She could make it.

She took her first step out, but as she did, another hot spurt burst from between her legs. At first Ayla didn’t care. She was determined to brave the short walk to the lavatory, but then there was another spurt, and another, and another.

The fourth spurt soaked the seat of her knickers but it didn’t stop there. It came rushing out, a continuous hot flood that poured from between her lower lips like beer from a tap.

“N-No…” Ayla whimpered, sliding down to her knees.

It was over. A well thought battle of wills but in the end it was Ayla who lost.

Sinking to the floor, Ayla gave up and let it happen, letting her knickers flood. A long hot stream poured from her lower lips, splattering against the seat of her knickers. Her maidenly forest grew wet, soaking through, her hair wet and clinging to her knickers.

The relief was tremendous, sheer bliss that filled every inch of her body as her pee filled her knickers. She felt her bladder shrink with every passing second as it all poured out of her like a dam had burst. “Ahh~ Ahh~ Ooh~” She moaned, feeling a stronger wave of pleasure shooting through her whole body. It made her shudder. She bit her lip, stifling a heavenly moan.

The cotton of her knickers grew heavy as they struggled to hold anymore of her piss. It kept coming and coming, a long unending stream. Her whole lower half was sopping wet and warm. Piss pooled in the seat of her knickers, the warmth spreading to her backside. She could feel the dampness against her anus, which twitched as her muscles tried, and failed, to tense up in an effort to stop her stream.

It was like a reflex, her whole body trying to seize up, and struggling to stop her stream.

Finally, when the cotton of her knickers could hold no more, Ayla felt her thighs starting to grow wet, and quickly after her shins. Her pee ran through her knickers, dribbling along the soft skin of her thighs and raining down to her knees.

It didn’t stop, the streaks of piss that ran down her thighs quickly became one long downpour clinging to her thighs and dripping onto the floor, forming a large steaming lake around her.

Ayla lost count of how long it had been. It must’ve been at least forty seconds. Forty long seconds of pissing into her knickers, helpless to stop it. Forty long seconds of near orgasmic relief that had her head high in the heavens. It was sheer bliss.

Finally, it was over. A lake of steaming piss was slowly growing around her, her entire lower half had been soaked, her bare legs glistening in the light, and the faint bulge of her bladder had receded. It was finally over.

“Ha… Ha… Ha…” Ayla moaned between ragged breaths.

She sat motionless on the ground, sitting in the puddle of pee she had produced. Her thighs and butt were soaking wet. Slowly, her legs drifted apart and she felt on her backside, gaining a warm unwelcomed refreshment in the waiting wetness beneath her.

Once the relief had settled, reality set in. So did the humiliation. Where a warm fuzzy feeling had her feeling better, reassuring her that at least she knew relief, a numbing coldness had set in. Ayla dropped her head in shame and glared at the large puddle surrounding her. She had done that; a lake and it had all come from her.

The air was hot with the stench of fresh piss. Steam rose, shrouding her. Her sopping wet legs were quickly growing cold. Ayla had no words to say. She wanted to cry, to thrust her head against her pillow and hide away from the world. A grown girl, a hero, and she had soiled herself like a child.

Suddenly, she felt a pair of arms wrap themselves around her. She felt herself being lifted up from the floor. She watched the puddle grow smaller as she was lifted to her feet. Trickles dripped from her thighs, landing with a splash in her piss.

“Addilyn?” Harriet whispered softly in her ear. She used her full name, which was a rare occurrence. It made Ayla feel worse. “Are you okay?”

“I w-wet myself.” Ayla stammered. She felt a tear running down her cheek. “I’m a grown girl, a Guild Apprentice, and I wet myself…”

“I-It’s okay.” Harriet comforted her, putting an arm around her shoulder and pulling her closer. Ayla’s wet legs brushed against Harriet’s skirt and she could feel her skirt soaking up the wetness. “It happens to the best of us, r-right?” The trembling in her voice told Ayla that Harriet was lost for words.

Suddenly, Ayla pushed herself against Harriet and buried her face into her shoulder. “I actually wet myself…” She sobbed, pushing her face deeper into Harriet’s shirt.

The darkness made it easier to hide her shame. She wrapped her arms around Harriet for comfort, feeling at ease as Harriet returned her hug. Knowing that Harriet didn’t mind as she pushed her wet legs against her made her feel at ease. She felt safe, secure when Harriet put her arms around her, like the world disappeared and there was nobody else but Harriet and herself.

“There’s no need to worry.” Harriet told her, pulling her closer and whispering softly in her ear. “I’m not going to tell a soul, of course I’m not.” And then inspiration struck. She pulled herself away from Ayla and rushed to get her wand. “In fact, nobody has to know!” She twirled the wand.

“W-What do you mean?” Ayla squeaked, wiping a tear from her eye.

“I’ve been practicing a vanishing spell, Haven’t I?” She again twirled her wand and pointed it at the puddle of piss. “I think now would be a good time to use it!”

That made Ayla feel a tad better, or at least enough for her to smile. “Will it work?”

Harriet nodded. “Of course it will. If it’s smaller than my own weight I can make it disappear. I think that’s less than my own weight.” She said with a playful giggle. “Just watch as I show you how a true illusionist works.”

With a swish and a flick Harriet raised the wand to the tip of her chin. She stood over the puddle, tapping the air with her wand. She needed to examine everything about the item she wished to vanish: The size, the smell, the texture. Everything.

She measured the shape, the small streaks that spread from the puddle. Next she measured the volume and colour. “Fucking hell.” She muttered under her breath. “She was really holding it in.”

“What are you doing?” Ayla asked. She stood behind Harriet, tapping her fingers against each other.

She’d never known a Magi use a vanishing spell and she didn’t quite understand why Harriet was stood staring into a puddle of her pee.

Her thighs were starting to feel clammy now that her pee was beginning to dry. Her maidenhood felt damp and sticky. The smell of piss in the air began to turn, growing cold and stale. All she could do was rub her legs together and try to ignore the discomfort.

“Okay.” Harriet took a deep breath and raised the tip of her wand.

She channeled a sliver of magical energy into her wand. The tip began to glow as the energy collected, illuminating the air with a purple light. “Okay.” She repeated, taking another breath.

With a sudden flick, as if slashing through the air, Harriet thrust her wand diagonally in front of her. The air that touched the tip of her wand began to shimmer purple, leaving a hovering tear. Ayla’s pee too began to glow a sparkling purple.

She raised the wand up, and mimicking her movements the puddle lifted from the floor. Little droplets of pee danced in the air, following the motions of Harriet’s wand. “How cool is this, huh?” She said, waving the wand around and making the droplets dance.

“I-It’s pretty impressive.” Ayla said with burning cheeks as she watched her pee dance in the air.

“Even if I do this?” Harriet giggled and directed the floating droplets toward Ayla.

“Ah!” Ayla yelped, leaping backwards and narrowly avoiding the drops of pee Harriet directed toward her. “Harriet! Will you please just make it disappear!”

“Alright.” She huffed, moving her wand in the opposite direction. “Ready?”

For the grand finale Harriet lifted her wand high above her head, as high as she could reach. She let it hover above her and then, in a single motion, brought it down. All the droplets hovering in the air came down, crashing against the floor.

The air exploded, erupting in a burst of magical energy. The light was blinding. Both girls recoiled, shielding their eyes from the overwhelming purple light.

Once the light had vanished, Ayla peered up. The first thing she noticed was that the puddle was gone. The floor was clean, spotless as if nothing had happened.

“Woah!” Ayla couldn’t believe it. Harriet’s spell had worked. “It really worked?” She took a step forward and looked down. It was really gone; No more pee, no puddle, no foul smell. “It really worked! Thank you, Harriet! Thank you! Thank you!”

“It’s no problem.” The arrogant Magi twirled and tapped her head with her wand, striking a pose. “It’s a great little spell to have.”

“It is! Where did-” Ayla paused as a sudden cold spell took her by surprise.

A whispering wind fluttered beneath her dress and she could feel it right against her lower lips. “Did it get cold all of a sudden?” She reached down to grab the hem of her dress, but instead she only grabbed air.

“What… WAH!” Ayla shrieked. Her skirt was missing, and just that, her knickers had vanished too. “Where’s my… and my… AHH! Look away!” She continued to scream, turning her back to Harriet.

“You know I can still see your arse.” Harriet said lewdly, giggling.

“IT’S NOT FUNNY HARRIET! DID YOU VANISH MY SKIRT!?” She continued to scream, fuming to the point her whole body was glowing red.

“I didn’t mean to!” Harriet tried to defend herself while masking a snicker. “You’ve got a really cute arse, haven’t you? How have I never noticed that?” It was round, soft and shapely, a proper girl’s arse.

“Harriet!” Ayla shrieked, thrusting her hands behind her to try and hide her butt. “What am I supposed to do? This is your fault, you know! How am I going to explain to Nidley or Sidmere that I’m not wearing a skirt? Or underwear for that matter!?” The thought of explaining this to her Mentor made her go weak at the knees with worry. There was no way this could be happening.

“Alright! Alright! Ehh… well, the door is open. Just rush out to your bunk and grab a clean pair of skivvies.” She suggested, sounding proud of the idea.

Ayla could only huff at the idea. “How am I meant to walk the halls like this? No! Don’t turn around, you already know what’s wrong!”

“Okay, I know what to do.” Harriet shrugged her shoulders. “I guess there’s only one thing for it.” She hooked her hands beneath her skirt and undid it. Her skirt fluttered to the floor and she stood before Ayla with her skivvies proudly on show. There was a small dribble of pee from where she hadn’t wiped after using the plant. “Here put these on.” She said, offering her skirt to Ayla.”

She took Harriet’s skirt and held it in her hands. It was warm with a faint smell of lavender, Harriet’s favourite scent. “You want me to wear your skirt?” She looked up, tilting her head like a confused puppy.

“Well I won’t need it if I’m staying here. And I at least have my knickers to cover up my pride and joy.” She thrust her hips forward, showing off her knickers.

“F-Fine. Turn around and let me change then.”

While Harriet stood with her back turned, Ayla quickly put on the skirt. It was loose-fitting around her slender figure, which wasn’t a surprise. Harriet had always been pudgy around her waist. She pulled the skirt up and fastened the belt. “I can’t believe I’m doing this.” She sighed, adjusting the skirt.

“It’ll be fine. Everybody is out in town getting pissed anyway. Just run back to your bunk, grab a clean pair of kegs and get back here.”

Ayla rushed to the door, stopping at it and turning back. She turned around and with a glowing smile thanked Harriet. “T-Thanks for doing that for me, Harriet.” She said warmly.

“No problem, little sis’.” She replied with a warm smile. “Now go get changed, and give your bits a rinse in the restroom too.”

Once Ayla had vanished down the hall, Harriet sank down into a nearby chair and sighed. “Fucking hell what a night.” She said, resting her eyes. She swung forward and looked over to the plant pot in the corner, running her fingers through her hair and grimacing. “How the fuck will I explain to Master Sidmere that I took a piss in his plant?”
