Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - Bulma, Chi-Chi, & C18's Mishap

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2020-09-16 00:05

Bulma thought it would be a good idea to hang-out with Chi-Chi & Eighteen for some fun at a Mall for once in their lives.

Chi-Chi: Well this is fun idea Bulma, it sure beats being a Hardworking Mother so I'm glad I get to spend time with the two of you.

C18: So what's the special occasion for inviting us all together to go to a Mall? Is it just to get away from our Husbands?

Bulma: To be honest Eighteen I actually wanted some "Me Time" but having fun all alone is so boring so I wanted to hang out with you two for a change & maybe get to know each other a little more. Besides my boy Trunks' Birthday is coming up soon so why not go shopping not just for him but also the three of us.

Chi-Chi: Aw that's so sweet Bulma, I'll sure tell Goku to join in on the party since he does love a big buffet especially it's a good excuse for him to at least socialize a little more than just training all the time.

C18: I'll be sure to bring my Daughter, sadly Krillin is busy working during Trunks' birthday but will bring him a slice of Cake for all the hard police work he's been doing.

Bulma: Sounds like a good plan ladies... oh here we are, the Mall!

Chi-Chi: Let's get something to drink first then go shopping

C18: I'm with Chi-Chi, I feel so thirsty!

Bulma: Gotcha, drinks first, shopping second.

Bulma, Eighteen, & Chi-Chi got Large Iced Sweet Teas while chatting about their Husbands for about 15 minutes before they shop around the Mall...

45 Minutes Later during their shopping spree...

Bulma *crossing legs while walking*: Mmm...

Chi-Chi *squirming*: Uuh...

C18 *walking very slowly*: Hmph... ugh...

Chi-Chi *squirming*: Maybe drinking a whole Large Tea was a bad idea

C18 *annoyed*: You think!? I haven't felt this bad since the World Tournament before Majin Buu caused a ruckus

Bulma *continually crossing legs*: Wow that does sound like a long time Eighteen, good thing I wasn't there to see it *laughs nervously*

Chi-Chi *squirming*: Oh girls look there are restrooms nearby

C18: Take a closer look... *the sign on both Men & Women Bathrooms are Closed for Cleaning* it's closed... ugh... I gotta go!

Bulma *still crossing her legs*: Aw no well maybe there are others around the-- Chi-Chi what are you doing!?

Chi-Chi *peeing on a Decorative Potted Plant out in Public without hesitation, standing up*: Aww yeah so much better... sure beats wetting yourself if I say so myself *sighs in relief & continues peeing, her piss lets out a steam n' hissing sound & it's a big stream*

C18 *blushes*: Um... wow....

Bulma *furious*: Are you insane!? Do you wanna get kicked out & ban from the Mall!? That is so unlady-like!?

Chi-Chi *continues peeing in the Decorative Potted Plant*: Unlady-like!? Obviously you never live in a small home so I do pee outside whenever The Boys are using the Restroom so don't give me that! *stops peeing*

Bulma *crosses her legs & grabs her crotch area*: Ugh! I really envy you right now! *Bulma & Chi-Chi hears a Low-Hissing sound and turn their heads around*

C18 *wets herself, again, but does it on purpose, her pants get soaked up & makes a big puddle, she gets a huge wet patch from the back & a little wet patch in the front*: Aww... much better... *sighs in relief*... I don't know why but I kind of missed wetting myself it felt like a turn on *chuckles & smiles then waves back her hair then walks up to Bulma*

Chi-Chi: Uh... Eighteen what are you doing?

Bulma *gets grabbed & grobed by Eighteen*: Hey! What are you... *sighs* doing!? *moans with some guilty pleasure*

C18 *aroused/wet*: Feeling so tense aren't you Bulma? Let me make you feel better... I learned this whenever Krillin hasn't been around & when Marron is sleeping *continues touching/grobbing Bulma*

Bulma *being aroused by Eighteen*: *Moans & Sighs* Please... please... stop.... I'm gonna... I'm gonna...

People passing by the commotion: "Guy" - umm should I call Security? | "Little Kids" - Mommy, daddy, what are those ladies doing? | "Parents" - Advert your eyes & we will tell you when you are older | "Security" - I should kick these women out for Inappropriate Public Actions | "Roshi *pops out of nowhere*" - *laughs* Finally some action!

Bulma wets herself in both relief, disgust, & other "strange" feelings she had for what she experienced

Bulma *all wet*: DAMMIT EIGHTEEN WHAT HAS GOTTEN INTO YOU!?

C18 *acts coy*: I don't know? Maybe I should stop watching too much ShowMax [just to clarify everyone it's Showtime & Cinemax put together that I made up]

Chi-Chi *wet & blushes*: Maybe this will be the last time I hangout with you two girls...

Security: Oh don't worry you ladies will consider this to be your last outing

$$

*002*2020-09-16 03:42

{{1 hour ago, Ms. Tito said:

Ninya: .....What in the blyat are these women doing? And why wasn't I invited?!

}}

LOL I don't know who this Ninya is but doesn't sound like a Dragon Ball Character that's for sure

*004*2020-09-16 17:52

{{27 minutes ago, Ms. Tito said:

Lol she's my Dragon Ball oc. Cringe, I know.

}}

Oh that makes much more sense, I wouldn't say Cringe really I just see it a bit Random really but hey it's nice to include some of your ideas just to have a little more fun.

*006*2020-09-17 03:20

{{16 minutes ago, Ms. Tito said:

Yeah, she's a part of a Dragon Ball rp series thing me and my friends do.

}}

Aw Role-Play I miss doing Role-Playing on my YouTube Videos... too bad my channel got terminated due to YouTube's Bullshit Rules when other people were getting away with things. I think that's why I'd rather stick with making stories on "Omo.org" instead.

