Empathy for Your Bladder (Mantis from Guardians of the Galaxy)

Author: Guest Seeker

*000*2018-02-03 02:23

This is the first story I've ever polished enough to be published so please tell me what you think! I might write more stories with Mantis and other female Marvel characters if there is an interest.

The Guardians of the Galaxy had some downtime after their latest successful bounty. It was a lazy morning for most of them. Mantis was up early to make breakfast, and Gamora had just stumbled out of bed. Moments later, Nebula came shuffling in. She approached the bathroom door to find it locked.

"Fuck, hurry up in there!"

"What's wrong? You seem distressed," said Mantis.

Nebula merely scoffed and did not respond. She lightly bounced on the spot.

"I guess she has to pee," offered Gamora. "After all Thanos did to you, you still have a human bladder?"

"It's about the only part that's still mine. He did love to torture me..."

"I'm sorry, I'm not familiar with this bladder you speak of. It makes you uncomfortable?" replied Mantis.

"That's an understatement," said Nebula, pressing her hands into her thighs.

"It's how humans eliminate waste. Do you seriously not have a bladder?" asked Gamora.

"Oh, that! Yes, of course. I empty myself at the end of the day. It can take as long as 5 minutes," said Mantis, "But I've never known it to put me in this much distress."

"How do you know to do it then? Doesn't your body have some way of telling you?", asked Gamora.

"Yes, my antennae! One of their many purposes is to signal that my, um, "bladder" is full."

Gamora had a thought which caused her to smirk. "Why don't you go see how it feels for us then?" Even Nebula got a slight smirk, but her thoughts immediately went back to her tight bladder.

"Oh I guess it could be interesting," said Mantis. She approached Nebula, and put her hand on the girl's arm, which was tucked in her chest helping to hold herself. "Oh my!" Mantis kept her left hand in place, but her right went immediately into her crotch. "Oh this is awful! How do you deal with this incredible pressure?"

"Well normally you don't let it get this bad..." said Nebula. "Fuck, what is taking so long?" She pounded again on the door, to no answer. "Drax must have fallen asleep in the tub again... What am I going to do?"

After a moment or so, Nebula was pondering an idea, in between bouncing every few seconds, which she decided to bring up. "Mantis, your abilities allow you to change the feelings of others right?"

"Y-yes, that's right," Mantis said, still struggling. It hadn't occurred to her that she could let go. "My empathic abilities can help people feel sad, or happy, or-"

"Can you... make it so I don't have to go so bad..." Nebula asked, a bit ashamedly.

Gamora chuckled.

Nebula scowled at her sister, but then looked back at Mantis with what almost looked like a tear in her eye.

"Oh I don't know. I'm barely familiar with this awful feeling."

"Can you try? Please..."

"Ok, I will try." Still holding onto Nebula, she focused her empathic powers onto this new feeling. Mantis squirmed and her knees buckled as she tried to concentrate, in order to analyze that feeling known as the human need to pee. When she thought she had it, she now attempted to manipulate the feeling in Nebula and subsequently herself. Nebula braced as she could feel some kind of shift happening.

Suddenly a massive wave of desperation hit. "Fuck! Did you just make me have to go more!?"

"Oh!" Mantis was hit with the same feeling. She pulled away from Nebula just to get some relief from the insane pressure.

Nebula quickly stuffed both hands into her crotch, trying to control her overfull bladder.

"Oh no, I'm so sorry!"

"You better fix this!" Nebula gritted.

"I'm no use. I just made it worse."

Nebula then pulled one hand from her crotch and grabbed Mantis's hand. "If I have to suffer than so do you!" Acting quickly, she pinned Mantis's hand between her arms and her body, leaving her the full ability to hold herself.

"Oh no!" Mantis now had her hand between her legs as well. With her other hand she could feel a large bulge coming out of Nebula's lower stomach.

Meanwhile Gamora was erupting in a fit of laughter. "HAHAHAHA! Hey Groot, have you been watered today?"

"I am Groot!", said Groot.

"I think Nebula can help you out with that!", she continued laughing.

"As soon as I pee, I am going to rip you apart with my bare hands!" Nebula said spitefully.

"Wait a minute, so this is the source of our discomfort?" said Mantis, feeling the bulge.

"Hey watch it! But yes, that's it. Please hurry," said Nebula.

"Okay let me try one more time." Mantis was bouncing uncontrollably, but now that she understood, she was able to get a better grasp of the feeling. Mantis and Nebula both let out a sigh as she began to roll back the feeling. "Aah, is that better?" she asked.

"I still have to go. But... at least there won't be a puddle on the floor anytime soon... Thanks."

Just then the bathroom door opened. They all stared, as Drax stepped out. "Can't a guy nap in peace?"

Nebula would have wanted to kill him, but she was so glad to finally be able to relieve herself.

"Oooh it's a good thing too. I think my effects might have worn off," said Mantis.

"You're telling me." Nebula let go of Mantis and sprinted into the bathroom. Mantis sighed as she could finally feel relief as well.

"Boy am I glad he's out, because I have GOT to go," said Gamora with a smirk as she adjusted her crossed legs.

*001*2018-02-03 02:28

Interesting. I take it you saw my post on the request thread? Or did you come up with this yourself? I'd be interested in seeing more if you come up with more for this story or other ones.

*003*2018-02-04 00:07

{{21 hours ago, SAM996 said:

Interesting. I take it you saw my post on the request thread? Or did you come up with this yourself? I'd be interested in seeing more if you come up with more for this story or other ones.

}}

I actually thought of this when I saw GotG Vol. 2 about 2 weeks ago. Cool! I had an idea or two, although I might wait until Infinity War comes out to get some ideas from there.

