The Toilet Of Tomorrow

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2019-02-19 07:39

So when I had an account here before that I got rid of before getting this one, I used to write stories. I avoided doing them with my new account because I was better reading them then writing them. I've suggested many different scenarios some of which have been taken by people and if you're curious look around for yourself on the Requests thread or just ask me. But I decided I would attempt to write something that combined two ideas of mine. If you find these two scenarios are something you would like to write about then again don't he hesitant to take them. Chances are your story will be better than mine:

The Scenarios:

"A woman's toilet in her house breaks resulting in it needing to be fixed. This of course becomes a problem when she needs to use the bathroom and there's no toilet working. Again up to you to decide where she ends up going. Maybe trying to pee discreetly somewhere without the guy fixing her toilet knowing so she doesn't get caught in an embarrassing scenario."

"A couple a woman and a man decide to buy a new toilet to replace their old one. Ultimately the husband ends up buying a sort of high tech toilet that has gadgets like it can clean itself or talk etc again up to you how that goes but ultimately the woman doesn't end up liking it but it's now bought so there's nothing she can do and she stubbornly refuses to use it. This of course becomes an issue when she needs to go to the bathroom and tries avoiding using it as she tries to find other ways or places to pee. Ultimately would end with her being forced to use the new toilet and coming around to liking it."

Plot: After their toilet breaks and they learn it would take awhile for it to be repaired, Samantha and David decide to go out and buy a new one. What catches David's eye though doesn't entirely impress Samantha but whether she wants it to or not it's going to stay. And she can't avoid using it forever.

Samantha was a successful office worker who prided herself on doing her work and getting it finished. That meant very few breaks to go to the bathroom at work and often she didn't like going at work because she preferred the clean, comfort and silence of her own toilet at home. Her husband David knew not to bother when in the bathroom, thus allowing herself to pee without being overcome with shyness like she often would in public unless she knew she was alone. Samantha was just pulling into the driveway as she then stopped and got out of the car as she squirmed a little bit in desperation but still kept composure. She only had one break today which meant she was quite desperate to go now.

Samantha then opened the door as David greeted her "Hi honey. How was work?"

"You know me. Busy all the time" Samantha smiled as she then saw her daughter Ashley run up to hug her as she did so "Hi sweetheart"

"I not wet my diaper today mommy." Ashley said with a smile.

"That's good" Samantha said proud of her "You ready to try the potty?"

Ashley shook her head as she then ran off to play. Samantha and David had been trying to potty train their daughter with little success. Something they'd have to deal with soon. Thinking about that again made Samantha remember the toilet as she then headed up the stairs.

Before she could do so David called up to her "So what do want to tonight hon? Eat in or out?"

"I think I'll cook at home I don't know" Samantha said as she head up "Didn't have much break today babe so I'm kind of at maximum capacity here."

David nodded indicating he understood as Samantha then headed up the stairs.

Samantha quickly entered the bathroom and shut the door as she then headed over to the toilet and sat down to pee. She sighed at finally getting her relief as she sat there for what felt like ages as the stream continued to trickle before slowing down. After finishing she went to wipe and then stood up to flush the toilet. As it flushed though she began to notice it bubbling and some leakage come through in the back. Worried she quickly ran out of the room and called David "Honey. Can you come up here? I think somethings wrong with the toilet."

A few minutes passed before David joined her in the bathroom as he began to inspect the damage "Looks like it's overflowing. I don't think I can fix it though I'll have to call someone."

Time passed in the day as Samantha sat at her computer desk doing some work before she saw David approaching her "So what did the plumber say?"

"He said he's unavailable to come this week and I looked around there aren't many other guys in the area we can approach. You think there would be more of them?" David asked wondering why they couldn't get a hold of someone.

Samantha didn't want to obviously be without a toilet for long. Even with her ability to hold she knew she'd have to go eventually "So what do we do?"

David then voiced an idea "I know it's kind of sudden to do but why don't we buy a new toilet? I hear there are guys down at the store that can help you install it and put it together within a day?"

"Can't they fix our regular toilet then?" Samantha asked "I don't know if I want an unfamiliar toilet at home. Bad enough the ones out in public."

"I know it's a bit daunting honey but it could maybe be the best thing that happened? We buy a new one now we probably won't have to replace it again for another couple of years and there's good deals on them." David said trying to get her to agree "It's the best option."

Samantha again didn't want to be without a proper toilet for long so she decided to agree. "Okay" She then kissed him. They then broke it.

"So I guess I'll go looking tomorrow?" David asked

"If it wasn't for work I'd be there. I'd like to know what I'm getting and if it's quality" Samantha said

"I'll probably be there still when you're coming home so you can stop by the store?" David suggested.

"I'll be there" Samantha said with a smile.

The next day Samantha decided to be on the safe side and lessen her liquid capacity. Often she drank to keep herself hydrated and focused during the day but given her trips to the bathroom would now be even more infrequent she would have to keep it low so that she wouldn't be where she was yesterday before meeting with David at the store. While at the sink in the ladies room she suddenly heard her friend and co-worker MIchelle enter in "Hey Sam."

"Hey" Samantha said as she turned to see Michelle walk into a bathroom stall and sit down to pee, being able to hear her peeing as she kept the door open. Turning away to give her privacy Samantha began to tell her what she was going to do later "Our toilet at home broke and because it would take awhile to fix it David suggested we should buy a new one."

"Great" Michelle said as her stream slowed down and stopped and she went to wipe "You know they're getting pretty advanced nowadays. I hear there's a toilet down there that's like the toilet of the future."

"Toilet of the future?" Samantha asked confused.

"Yeah" Michelle said as she flushed the toilet and joined her at the sink and continued "It's got all these features. It automatically can open the seat up with a push of a button. So no more having to put the lid down after he leaves it up. You can time it to your phone so it can call you and it can talk and know your name. I don't know a whole lot but sounds like it's got the whole package.

Samantha didn't like the idea however "Why is everything technology based nowadays? I don't want a toilet calling me or knowing me."

Michelle shrugged "I'd buy it for the automatic closing seat alone."

Both of them then left the bathroom as Samantha wondered would David buy such a thing? Well even if he tried she would be there to say no. No way was she going to have some robot toilet in her house even if some of those features sounded promising. It sounded too complicated and again intimidating for someone whose self conscious about peeing in unfamiliar territory like Samantha was.

A few hours later Samantha and Michelle were leaving work as Samantha headed to her car "Well I'll let you know how the toilet hunt goes. I know one option I won't be going with."

"You can't knock something until you try it Sam. You gotta get over this fear of the unknown of yours" Michelle said

"Easy for you when your so open about that kind of thing." Samantha said as suddenly she got a call "Hello? David? Yeah I'm on my... you got a new toilet already. But I thought we... You saw it thought I would love it and jumped at it without hesitating and now it's at home ready to go?" Samantha listened for a few more moments as she finished up the call. "Okay well. Bye. He says the second he saw the toilet he bought he knew it would enrich our lives."

Michelle smirked "Sounds like you guys are proud owners of a super toilet.

Samantha groaned as she began to squirm a little her need to pee now beginning to arise. Ignoring it she got into her car as Michelle followed her in hers. Maybe the toilet wouldn't look so bad.

Samantha and Michelle arrived at Samantha's house as David opened the door for them. "Hi honey, hey Michelle. Sam told you about the new toilet huh? Wait till you see it. It's unlike the toilet we had or any we could have had."

Michelle looked at Samantha as she said "I'm sure it isn't."

The three of them then went upstairs, Samantha's legs slightly crossing as they then entered the bathroom. What greeted them was certainly something. The toilet was black in colour looking somewhat metallic, being placed on a high grey stand. There were buttons on the side for it's features.

"Wow." Samantha said not sure how to feel. Well she knew what she felt she didn't want it.

"It's great isn't it? There's many features too it. You can play music." David said as he pushed a button and an operatic audio was heard as he stopped and changed "Or it can read too you." The toilet then read a passage from a book. "It's got a seat warmer. There's a night light feature for night time."

Samantha's brain was wracked trying to understand how such a thing was made? Looking at it didn't also help her need to go as she ignored it.

"So what do you think honey?" David asked her.

Samantha noticed David's enthusiasm. Saying how she really felt she somehow would be letting him down "It's quite a gift honey."

"I know you don't like dealing with the unfamiliar. But that's why I got it. It's designed to be the ultimate toilet. With all the functions needed to put anyone at ease." David said as he hugged her.

Samantha hugged back as she stared at the new toilet in front of her. How was she going to get used to this thing? She wouldn't. But she couldn't avoid it forever. David seemed happy and he looked like he did it for her. She didn't want to rob him of the gesture of doing something out of love. She just didn't know what to do.

"I'll leave you to get acquainted. He knows your name and all so it'll greet you no problem. I'll synch up your name eventually Michelle." David said

"You'll be seeing me more often now that's for sure" Michelle said looking at it.

Samantha then looked around as she noticed something was missing "Um honey. Where's the toilet paper?"

"That's another thing. We can save on toilet paper because this it can clean you. Just press one of the buttons and..." David said as they looked at a little fountain of water sprout up "Not that it cleans itself."

Samantha wasn't sure she'd be able to live with this. She then noticed David leave as she doubled over in desperation "What am I going to do Michelle? I can't use this thing!"

Michelle noticed her as state as she voiced her opinion "Whether you like it not it's here to stay. And not even you can hold it forever."

"I know. He got it for me and it was sweet." Samantha said as she crossed her legs "I need to get dinner started."

"You're not going to go?" Michelle asked as Samantha ran off "Then I guess I will" Michelle said she sat down to pee "Okay let's do this toilet."

Samantha could hear Michelle's sighs of relief and her pee audio echoing through her ears as she heard her giggle upon the spray making contact. Hearing her only made her want to leave faster.

Time passed as Samantha still hadn't gone. She didn't know how much more she could hold for. It didn't help with the glasses of water she drank with dinner. As she finished her third glass she got up from the table "I think I'm turning in for the night."

David kissed her tonight as she thought about saying something but didn't "Thank you for the new gift honey."

"No problem." David said as he watched her go up the stairs.

Samantha passed by the bathroom as she looked at the robot toilet practically inviting her to sit down on it. Try the seat warmer. It'd relax her. She shrugged it off as she got into bed and tried to sleep. She'd deal with it in the morning. A few moments passed as she wiggled around in the bed before she was unable to take it anymore.

It was time to confront her fear. Running as fast as she could she ran into the bathroom, forgetting to close the door as she pulled down her pants and panties as she sat down on the toilet. Freezing and being unable to let go she wasn't sure what to do until she heard it's calming voice "Hello Samantha. Do not be afraid. If you need to relax I can play you music."

Samantha didn't know what to say as she heard the calming melody. It was enough for her to let go as she let out an endless stream as she sighed and gave a little moan at being finally able to go as she continued to pee an endless stream. Finally it slowed to a trickle and stopped as she pressed the button to clean herself as she gave out a yelp at the water touching her butt like Michelle did. Suddenly she gave another yelp as she looked up to see David standing outside.

He knew deep down she was hesitant about but knew she had to come around to it on her own. And it looked like she had. "So what do you think?"

Samantha outstretched her arms and hugged him while still seated on the toilet. She could get used to this after all.

The End. Again probably not good and was rushed. Again feel free to write your own version and again if you want to hear my other ideas then ask.

