Lockdown At Yuuei (Bnha TodoDeku)

Author: Guest Animeomo

*000*2019-08-05 01:54

(I know that the lock down happened before the Sports Festival, but just imagine that it happened after. I still think I'm not a very good writer, so bear with me if this turns out terrible.)

" Are the two of you familiar with the pro hero Ingenium?" Iida asked.

" I know all about him!" Midoriya exclaimed excitedly, as he began regurgitating information he had taken notes on about the hero.

It was lunch break, and the two-haired boy sat quietly and politely listening to his adorable boyfriend speak with such inspiration and admiration. As he finished off his beverage, he noticed a dull throbbing in his abdominal area.

' I'll need to go soon,' he thought to himself, fully aware he probably wouldn't be able to interrupt his friends' enthusiastic chatter anyway.

Shoto crossed his legs discreetly, thinking it would help, while trying to focus on his peers' conversation. As time passed, he could feel the pressure building, slowly.

' I should probably let Izu know . . .' he thought, as an ache pulsed through his bladder. His , but no matter how he debated with himself, he couldn't bring himself to ask the green-haired boy. He slightly shifted in his place, hoping none of them had noticed his situation.

All of a sudden, an insistent ringing filled the lunchroom, startling all of the students, including Shoto. A shiver ran up the desperate boy's spine, as he nearly leaked from the shock.

" ATTENTION! All Students and Staff; please leave the building in a calm and orderly fashion."

Immediately, everyone got up from their seats, pushing and shoving their way through the lunchroom and hallways towards the nearest exit. As Todoroki was preparing to leave, Midoriya had hurried up to him, as to not lose his boyfriend in the chaos. The boy held out his hand to help him up, when he realized: he couldn't get up.

" Sho! Grab my hand!" He shouted, over all the panicked tones of students around them.

" I-Izu, I c-can't," he panted, but tried anyway. As he slowly stood up, gravity took its toll on him, and he squirmed, realizing just how bad it had gotten.

The two slowly and carefully maneuvered their way through the crowd, although, Todoroki was jabbed harshly in the bladder by a passing student's elbow. He stopped abruptly, clenching his muscles in attempt to hold in the liquids. He fought against the instinct to grab himself, an aftereffect of his father's abuse. He felt the drink from lunch starting to take effect, as he tried to recover from the blow.

" Sho, what's wrong? Are you alright?" his lover asked with deep concern, looking back at him.

" I-I'm fine, just r-really need . . . aaah! nnnngg!" he moaned, doubling over and pressing a hand to his crotch as a sudden and intense wave of desperation hit him.

People around them were still hurriedly shoving their way through the hallway, not paying any attention to the two.

" Love, why didn't you tell me earlier?" Midoriya asked, feeling guilty for not noticing before, "I would have listened, you know that!"

" I-I didn't want to i-interrupt," Shoto strained, still hunched forward, face flushed in embarrassment, " I-its not like I c-could have gone a-anyway."

" I know, Love," he said, gently hugging him as to not jostle or put pressure on his bladder.

The boy whimpered pitifully, his face pulling into a grimace before he straightened up. Almost instantly, the people behind us moved up, sandwiching poor Todoroki between them and Midoriya, which had caused him to suck in a breath. The green-haired boy tried to make as much space between him and Todoroki as to not press on his abdomen, but as much as he could move, he was still front to front, touching him. He could feel his Love squirming, shuffling his feet as much as he could, both hands now glued to his front, clutching himself for dear life. Midoriya moved his hands to caress his face, whispering encouragements, and words of comfort, before bringing them down to undo his belt, lightly brushing them over his swollen bladder and slip them under the waistband, grabbing the length of Shoto's dick, in an attempt to help him last. Shoto jumped, and blushed at the sudden and uncalled for contact, but had to admit it had helped.

All of a sudden, Iida was up in the air, spinning with the use of his engines, and landed at the top of the hall doorway.

" There's nothing to worry about! Everything will be fine! We just need to remain calm!" he shouted responsibly.

" Look! The police are here!" one student exclaimed.

" Thank goodness." said another.

"Did you hear that, Sho? The police are here, that means this will all be sorted out soon. You'll do fine, it's gonna be alright. Just hang in here, okay love?" Midoriya whispered into his ears, so as no one but him could hear them. Todoroki nodded slightly, still focused on keeping his stressed bladder in check. He then carefully took his hands back from Shoto's pants.

The hallways slowly, agonizingly for Shoto, filtered out, less and less people soon occupying the space. Midoriya grabbed Shoto's hand, and led him, slowly due to his extreme need, to the nearest bathroom, having to stop a couple of times so he could keep it under control. The boy entered the stall after his boyfriend, locking the door behind them. Todoroki wasn't so fortunate that the bathroom was occupied by one other student. He stood in front of the toilet, Midoriya standing behind him with his arms wrapped around his waist, trying his absolute best to let it out. No matter how hard he tried, his bladder was locked up, and standing there was torture for him, and made his urge that much more extreme.

" I-Izu, it hurts so b-bad," he managed to squeeze out, sweat running down his face from the exertion.

" I know, Love, just a little longer." Midoriya said, recalling how full and distended his bladder was when he'd accidentally brushed over it earlier.

' He must be beyond his limit, my poor Sho-chan,' he thought to himself.

Soon, the student left the bathroom, and Midoriya got out of their stall to lock the bathroom door, in case anyone else were to enter.

" It's alright, Love, it's just you and me now." His boyfriend said in a soothing voice, after returning back with him to make sure he was alright.

After the encouraging words, and a few deep breaths, he was finally able to let go, taking a moment before the relief hit him, and he collapsed into his lover, weak with ecstasy.

When his stream finally tapered off, Midoriya leaned in, whispering, "You did so well, Sho-chan," before kissing him on the cheek and letting him recover from his ordeal.

