Konosuba; Megumin's darkness

Author: gianki007

*000*2020-09-24 13:50

First of all, Konosuba is a great show and please support the official release. Watching with ads on vrv is easy, or read their original novels. The anime is great though.

For those who are already fans, this story is written in the style of the series, with comedy and dashes of sexiness, fantasy, and a bit of heart.

Really hope you guys enjoy this, this is just one short story, there'll be no continuation from me.

Enjoy!

###

On the surface, it was a great day. Megumin had the house all to herself (minus Darkness) while Kazuma and Aqua were relegated to defeating some shrub monsters in a quest. They’d gone off with the same confidence that Kazuma had had right before challenging a slime.

Problem was, Darkness had come to Megumin with a proposal. She was on the couch playing with Chomusuke, and Darkness had just asked her to participate in a contest.

Not the type she did with YunYun, no, this was a peeing contest apparently. “And we just hold our pee until we can’t?”

“That’s right.” Darkness sat down with her, pleading with her eyes. Still, Megumin could see her blush and knew she’d derive pleasure from it.

“Definitely now. First of all, you have a bigger bladder than me.”

“You said Crimson Demons don’t pee.”

“Well, of course not! But, if we did, then you’d have a bigger bladder. Second, ask Aqua to do it instead.”

“Well, I did, but-”

“She turned you down.”

“She turned me down. Please Megumin?”

“Oh all right. Besides, this is simply a new contest for me.” After that, Darkness swept her up in instructions that she’d clearly already thought through. On the room’s table, cups of water were already waiting for them, placed much too conveniently. According to the rules, the two would keep drinking water during the day and going to the bathroom, flushing their kidneys until they would get desperate easily.

“So wait, we have to wait until night for the contest?” asked Megumin.

At night.

Finally, Megumin was feeling desperate on the couch. Despite her struggle, crossing her legs and feigning nothing was wrong, Darkness was still able to go without signs of desperation, leaning wearing her customary black under suit. It was hard, even with Chomusuke cheering for her on a chair, Megumin knew that she probably wasn’t going to win the contest.

Worse came the worst, Megumin didn’t want to have to result to her spell. Not Explosion, no, her secret spell that she kept hidden out of shame.

Another wave Megumin’s bladder, almost making her squirt. She rushed to hold herself with her hands, but quickly pulled them back at the sound of the foyer door opening. Despite her need, she had to show that she could do this without embarrassing herself.

Kazuma and Aqua trudged up the stairs into the room. Unsurprisingly, they were scratched and dirty from what looked like leaves and twigs. “So, you guys didn’t have a plan for the shrubs, I take it?”

Kazuma replied, frustrated, “How was I supposed to know they were GIANT PLANT MONSTERS!”

“Kazuma,” Aqua smugly said, “I thought you’d learned your lesson by now of underestimating monsters. That’s why I followed you lead. Now look at me! I’m dirty, tired, and we wouldn’t even be back for if it wasn’t for me.”

Kazuma relentlessly pinched Aqua’s cheeks. “Useless goddess, we wouldn’t have been in trouble if you’d told me!”

Darkness, while she looked to squirm now, asked, “So, how’d you guys escape?”

Now massaging her face from Kazuma’s pinches, said scathingly, “Oh, well, they killed Kazu-trash and left. Then I revived him.” Still bickering, the two left to get cleaned up.

The contest was still on. Megumin was at her limit, and despite now holding herself, she inadvertently squirted. Even with her short dress, it was still a problem. There was no way Megumin would use her forbidden spell, so she had to resort to desperate measures.

“Megumin, what are you doing.” Megumin had put on her mischievous face, the wide one she used before wreaking havoc. Jumping onto darkness, she started tickling her and trying to push on her bladder. Chomuske cheered her on. Between laughter, Darkness breathed, “No, Megumin, you’ll make me pee.” Megumin knew that Darkness could push her off, but she was laughing and enjoying herself too much. That was what the contest was for, after all.

Things, and bladders, took a turn for the worse when Darkness accidentally softly kneed Megumin, causing her to leak. She couldn’t do anything, her panties were soaking and drops were about to fall down her legs. Without her consent, her secret spell activated. It wouldn’t be readily visible, but a glyph appeared on her panties, warming them until they were smoking and vaporizing pee. Megumin wouldn’t have to clean anything now, but using the spell was horrible for her!

Meanwhile, Darkness had surrendered and was peeing forcefully. She’d held a lot more than Megumin, and she leaned onto the floor to not wet the sofa. Despite this, she was clearly enjoying herself, panting and blushing. The puddle under her was the easiest way to tell she was peeing, due to her black clothes.

Disentangled, Darkness conceded. “Good job Megumin.” Standing up, she was smiling. “While we never set tickling in the rules, being forced to let go was just…” Calming herself, she continued, “Well, I’m off to my room to relax. Thanks.”

Megumin didn’t respond much. Wallowing in misery, despite her loss, she held Chomusuke. She’d sworn that Explosion was all that she’d use. Her panties were still smoking. And the magic system didn’t even let her unlearn spells. Thinking about it, she couldn’t sit still over her shame. Resolved to solve it, she left the room to go apologize to Darkness. Maybe then she could start beating herself over it. Chomusuke stayed behind, curled next to the fireplace.

The room was easy enough to find, Megumin knew the mansion well enough by now. When she got to the wooden door, however, it was slightly open already. Before going in though, she heard Darness breathing heavily and peeked inside first. By the time she’d looked, it was too late to unlook.

Darkness was naked on her lush bed, her clothes strewn on the ground. Her legs were spread and she was rubbing her… Megumin didn’t want to say it. Her lady parts. Despite this, Megumin didn’t look away as she stroked herself faster until she moved her hips and moaned loudly. Laying back, she spread out until she looked and noticed the onlooker.

“Who is it? Kazuma, I swear to Eris, if it’s you…” She stopped when she saw Megumin open he door timidly. “Oh. Megumin, come in.” Darkness grabbed her bedsheet and covered herself, patting the bed to tell Megumin to sit down.

“Sorry for peeking in.” She genuinely was, she’d lost her confidence at the sight.

“It’s fine, I should’ve checked to close the door. You, uh, know what masturbation is?”

“No…?”

“Well, I’ll teach you when you’re older. Better me than Aqua. But, anyway, what did you come for.”

Ashamed, Megumin said, “Well, I… Truth is that I cheated in our contest. Explosion isn’t the only spell I know. The other is really small and dumb, it basically just heats up my panties to vaporize my mess.”

“You wanted to focus on Explosion magic, right?”

Megumin stretched on the bed, thinking before she spoke. “It was back when I lived in the Crimson Demon village. They’d sent me outside the village to practice Explosion magic, just like here.”

“Because your magic creates widespread ecological destruction.”

“I’m surprised you even know that word. But anyway, I didn’t pee and think before using the magic, so I ended up incapacitated and peed myself after an hour. And then I activated the magic, I’d learned it in a book, and then…” She started tearing up. “And then, Explosion wasn’t the only spell I knew and nobody came and I went back but it was too late…”

Touched, Darkness hugged Megumin. “And now I can’t get rid of the spell.”

“Well, can you use it on other people?”

Megumin wiped her face. “Yeah, why?”

“Because I think me and Aqua could really use your help there. Do you know how many times we’ve accidentaly went? It’d be really useful. Kazuma wouldn’t even care.”

“Well, I guess.”

“See? Now, let’s go to bed, and tomorrow you can try testing on us? Sound good?”

Regaining her mischevious confidence, she said, “Of course! I can’t be disheartened by a little spell! I’ll work it to death!” Little bit softer, “Thanks Darkness.” She waved as she left the room, back to her perky self.

