New university

Author: Guest Noodle

*000*2017-09-11 21:36

Please comment on the story and whether I should continue

Luna combed her short black bob aggressively with her emerald eyes fixed on her reflection. Despite her small and undeveloped skeleton this flat chested girl was determined to survive the boarding university her parents had signed her up for. The shiny inviting pamphlet that had come in the mail had seemed odd to Luna as the university insisted on peculiar rules for all students of any age and the university was very isolated. She had packed her suitcase and a backpack full of goodies for the long ride there.

“Are you ready” shouted Luna’s mum from downstairs. Luna combed out her hair one more time before rapidly cleaning the brush and stuffing it in her suitcase. Luna dragged the suitcase down the stairs with difficulty but her Dad helped pull it into the trunk of the car. Luna gave her older brother and Dad a kiss before her mum started the car and they were. Luna and her mother blasted musical jams from the speaker and they screamed to every song. They stopped for a burger and chips and Luna drank a lot of Fanta as there were unlimited refills. Her mum suggested she use the toilet but Luna was confident I. Her holding abilities.

However only 30 minutes later when they were deep into the abandoned countryside. Luma felt a sudden urge to relieve herself causing her to squirm in her seat. Her mother realised this and suggested squatting behind a nearby tree but Luna politely refused as she was quite stubborn. Later on with only 20 minutes until they reached their destination Luna lost another spurt into her black jeans and knew that she could have an accident any minute. Seeing the turmoil on her daughter’s face Luna’s mother stopped the car and Luna gladly accepted the suggestion of peeing behind a tree.

She quickly got up and walked awkwardly with her thighs squeezed together towards the nearest tree and hastily yanked down her jeans. In less than a second she was peeing soaking the underwear she was wearing. Luna threw away her underwear as far as she could then wiped with all the leaves and other nature she could find. She pulled up her jeans and walked uncomfortably back to the car as the jean fabric was rubbing against her crotch. Luna's mother asked no questions and they drove to the school in silence reaching there around 3pm. Luna said her goodbye then lugged her luggage up the steep stone steps. The guides who were older more experienced students guided them to their dorm rooms.

Luna was told she was sharing a room with a guy due to the odd number of males and females. When she reached her room lead by a dorky upperclassman with oversized neon yellow glasses she found d that her dorm mate Rooki (pronounced Rookie) was already there. He was handsome with a very defined jawline and a slight tan. He had rich dark brown loose curls that bounced as he walked. “The names Rooki” he said putting out his hand with a cheeky smile lighting up his face Luna shook his hand then took the spare bed the one by the window and near the bathroom After unpacking most of her belongings into the drawers she followed Dork (the upperclassman) to the canteen where she tucked into the roast that had been prepared. At the end of the dinner feast the headteacher gave an assembly on all all the rules at school, changes etc.

“Welcome freshmen to my university! Most normal rules apply to this school such as no running in the halls. No fights of any sort. No talking after bedtime! No chatting while a teacher is talking! Anyway we have a few unique rules. If someone misbehaves or disrupts classes they are giving very unique punishments!” With that the headteacher finished and left leaving most people confused. Luna chatted with the girl next to her who was an energetic redhead called Linda. Luna andLinda got along so well they exchanged numbers and discovered they were raking the same course! Luna went to sleep happy to have made a new friend and have a handsome roommate. The next morning a loud trumpet was played to wake everyone up and an annoyingly joyous and repetitive song was blasted through the loudspeakers usually used for special announcements.

Luna grudgingly got up and prepared herself then headed downstairs to tuck into egg, bacon, bread, veggie drinks, mushrooms, tomatoes and lots of other things. Luna headed to her first lecture with a small pressure in her pressure in her bladder. The special lecture was only two hours she could survive! The first hour was bearable and the urge to empty her bladder was bearable and she was distracted by Mr Shin’s engaging lecture. Mr Shin was a handsome man however his stern look gave him the nickname of ice king in the first hour. He has black hair that was styled immaculately and he wore a suit with a crimson tie.

Unfortunately Linda decided to chat during his lecture and she was sent to the head teacher with a note of what she had done wrong. In the last 30 minutes of the lesson Luna was on the verge of emptying her bladder so she put up her hand and asked to use the loo however she was answered with a stern NO from Mr Shin. Luna sat it her seat at the back of the class squirming and fiddling with her mechanical pencil In an attempt to distract herself. Luna almost screamed Hallelujah when the trumpet sounded from the loud speaker indicating the end of the lecture however Mr Shin asked her to stay after class for a talk.

After everyone had filed out he called her to the front of the class. Luna awkwardly did so and stood trembling in front of him. Then Luna knew it was too late as she felt one spurt escape before it turned into a long stream of yellow urine that soaked and made a large dark spot in her baggy trousers that slowly spread. Luna looked down at the floor and apologised her head hung in shame. Mr Shin smirked as he was a twisted man that found pleasure in other people's embarrassment or torture “I will call a cleaner to clear this mess up now go to the headteacher with this note right now” said Mr Shin. Luna quickly ran to the headteacher’s office so that no one would see the evidence of her accident on her trousers. She politely knocked and was invited in. She handed him the note and he read it silently.

“Pull down your trousers” he ordered. Luna stared at hm in disbelief but his unchanging expression proved she had heard right so she reluctantly lowered her urine soaked trousers to the floor. He stared at her black lace underwear and sighed. “You shouldn't wear such big girl panties” he commented “I'm sorry but you are banned from lace underwear you just wear big white cotton panties”. Luna stared at him in disbelief what kind of punishment was that! She was expecting cleaning up what she had done!

“You also have a detention with Mr Shin in three days straight after school on Thursday.” said the headteacher before swivelling his chair and shooing her away with the flick of his hand. Luna pulled up herself trousers and took the less crowded stairs back to her dorm as it was lunchtime. When she entered she found Rooki lounging on his bed. “You Luna some school workers came in and replaced all yo undies with these.” Rook dangled a thick white cotton panty from his hand. Luna quickly snatched it up and checked her drawers and to her horror all her sexy expensive panties were gone with a note saying that her missing undies would be returned to her family. “That cursed headteacher” muttered Luna under her breath.

“Guess you couldn't hold it” said Rooki staring at Luna’s soaked crotch are. Luna glared at him before taking a shower. After she was done she felt refreshed and Luna found that the cotton undies were childish but snug and comfortable. Luna went down down to the canteen where she spotted a Linda but this time not because of her striking red hair. Linda was no longer wearing the blue shirt, long grey pleated skirt and gold red socks that she had been wearing that morning. Now she wore a loose fitting white jumpsuit with the same red phrase printed all over it. It read BIGMOUTH countless times all over her.

Many people mocked or jeered at her as they walked past and Linda’s face was very close to the colour of her hair. Luna instantly ran over to her friend and asked what had happened. “This is the punishment the headteacher gave me for chatting during class” replied Linda while she solemnly tucked into her food. Luna defended her friend boldly for the rest of lunch and protected her as they collected books from their lockers. After lunch it was an hour of P.E. The headteacher hadn't made the subject optional to “optimise all students’ fitness.” For their first lesson it was long distance running which Luna and Linda loathed but managed to power through. Before they knew it they were in their rooms showered and ready for bed.

Luna sighed, she hated the university it was very peculiar and more like a secondary school than university! The next day was Tuesday, more lectures and more embarrassment for Linda however Rooki was also punished that morning for fussing over his hair too much in Miss Marble’s lesson. His punishment was horrible. Rooki was forced to wear girly pink clips in his hair and have his hair in two childish bunches. He was forced to wear a shirt that read I’m Hairdresser Hello Kitty. He had to wear these clothes and clips at all times other than when he was in his dorm. On Wednesday many freshmen and older years were being punished and forced to wear humiliating outfits.

One person was forced to wear a collar and crawl on all fours because he accidentally stepped on one of the school dog’s tails. Another girl with large breasts that attempted to seduce a teacher was forced to wear a tank top with no bra for one day. People who bunked off school were woken up at three am every morning and were forced to help around the school until lessons started. So many people were being punished that it came as no suppose to see a guy in a bikini that is too revealing scrubbing the top of the statue in the backyard of the university. Luna woke up on the Thursday feeling happy and refreshed. Her punishment was not very severe or noticeable.

After surviving a few lectures it was Lunchtime and that days special was tacos. They were delicious so Luna became greedy and ate too many until her stomach was too full. She headed to her last lecture with Mr Shin and wriggled uncomfortably in the last five minutes as she felt a churning in her bowels. She let out a few farts that luckily did not smell and then sighed in relief as she no longer desperately needed to relieve herself. Luna stayed after class for her detention and she felt a small urge to relieve herself in both ways but promised herself she could hold it in. Mr Shin stared at her with an evil smirk spread across his face.

“Sit against the wall obviously without a chair with your legs just over shoulder length apart for half an hour. On my count one, two and three!” Luna did as she was told but only a few minutes in she felt her legs shaking and aching. The urge to relieve herself came back and Luna knew this time she couldn't hold it. Five minutes in Luna felt a spurt squirt into her underwear.

Mr Shin smirked at the small but visible patch of yellow he could see on her white underwear as her legs were wide open. Then Luna let out a long stream that fell to the floor. Mr Shin saw this but to her horror ordered her to keep going. Luna’s pee had caused her bowels to become restless once again causing her face to cringe uncomfortably. “Fifteen minutes left” bellowed Mr Shin an evil glint in his eyes. Five minutes later Luna decided to let out a small fart to help her endure but as soon as she let go she regretted it entirely. The first firm log had pushed its way through into her underwear along with the silent fart.

The next one was slithering out so Luna completely let go but she regretted it even more as she also let out a loud wet fart that echoed through the room clearly. After her torture was done Mr slim told her to take off her skirt, she obeyed as she didn't want another punishment along with the one she was sure to receive. He examined her now brown panties. Luna’s knees knocked together as her legs felt like jelly. Mr Skin laughed at her state and ordered her to sit down. Luna reluctantly did so and winced as the form logs turned to disgusting slushy mush that rubbed against her bottom.

While Luna sat Mr Skin wrote a note then handed it to her while ordering her to go to the headteacher’s office. She did as she was told and luckily most people were in their dorms doing homework so she got there without any spectators. When Luna arrived she nervously knocked and sighed when she heard him beckon her in. When she stepped in she handed him the not but he barely had to glance at it as he could tell by the noticeable smell wafting from her area.

“I was wrong to think you could wear panties at all” he said mockingly cooing at her. “Please I'll do anything to stay wearing panties” Luna replied begging. “Well which would you prefer? Humiliation that is emotional or public around the school?” asked the headteacher. Luna pondered about her answer. If she chose public the punishment may be less severe but emotional would save her from being humiliated in front of classmates, teachers and any other people. “Emotional” replied Linda hoping to not regret her answer. “Then you can keep your panties” replied the headteacher. “Come and lie your stomach across my legs” he ordered and Luna obeyed. Then the headteacher slipped on a disposable glove. He lifted up her skirt revealing Luna's wet stinky mess in all its glory. He rubbed her mess across her bottom up and down, everywhere. Tears streamed down Luna's cheek as the mess she created was rubbed all over her rump. “Stand up and take this pill” ordered the headteacher but Luna hesitated.

“Wasn't that my punishment?”

“Yes that was for doing a big poo poo in your panties but this is for doing a pee pee when you shouldn't have little Luna” he cooed

Luna took the pill and was expecting something horrible to happen but smiled when she felt nothing. The headteacher flicked his hand and Luna left hastily when she arrived Rooki was absent so she cleaned up without him knowing. She finished the homework they had been assigned then went to bed happily. The next morning Luna sat up and felt a stale cold wetness in her lower area and in an instant she realised she had wet herself. Rooki was awake and wore casual clothes (his punishment was over). It seemed Rooki had already realised her accident as he offered to take her sheets to the her laundry box. (Every pupil has a laundry box where they put dirty laundry in. The cleaners then wash the clothes and return them to their respective rooms or owners).

Luna took him up on the offer as she was still in shock but she convinced herself she had drank to much water the night before. The next day the same thing happened and it all sunk in. The pill had made her like this, the pill had made her a bed wetter. Rooki offered to help her again but Luna burst into tears in disbelief. Rooki embraced her in a hug and she cried into his chest. Luna was small so Rooki stroked her head and hugged her as she resembled his younger sister. Luna began to wake up earlier to shower every morning and her bed wetting became less abnormal but Luna still hated it. After only a week and a half of bedwetting Luna was called to the headteacher for another meeting. She knocked again her legs shaking remembering what had happened the last time she was in the room. A familiar steely voice called her in so she stepped in.

“Do sit” said the headteacher gesturing to the seat opposite him across the table. Luna straightened her back in an attempt to boost her confidence then proudly sat in the seat. “The cleaners have been complaining about the urine soaked sheets they receive every day from you and are demanding something to prevent your bladder soaking your sheets every night. As you have probably realised the pill made you like this. The effects are temporary and can be stopped with appropriate treatment or therapy however the amount of time it lasts ranges from a minimum of one month and a maximum of five. You will wear pull ups to bed from now on until your bedwetting phase ends.” The headteacher pushed a packet of princess print pull ups across the table towards her. “You must come to the office to collect more” ordered the Headteacher and then ordered her to leave.

The Christmas holidays had started but Luna's family had gone away so Luna was staying at the university for the 3 week festive holiday. When Luna reached her room Rooki was packing and nearly ready to leave. Luna wanted to beg him to stay but hesitated when she saw a heart shaped framed picture of him and another girl being stuffed into his bag. He had a girlfriend. Rooki said goodbye and left so Luna was left alone slightly heartbroken. Luna decided to try on a pull up and found it surprisingly comfortable. 

She went to bed and woke up to find that her pull up heavy with urine but her sheets were dry. The school was mostly empty and the canteen had only a few people. After breakfast Luna went back to her dorm and sat staring out of her window bored and lonely. Christmas was two days away and on Christmas Day a mask ball was held. Dresses were provided for the few students who attended but most students bought their own. The next day Luna received two letters one from family wishing her a merry Christmas and one from Rooki. It read

Hi Luna

I hope you have a great Christmas. I am leaving the country on Christmas Eve the day you will receive this letter. I can't tell you where I am going but live a good life.

Rooki

Luna felt tears forming in her eyes as she read the letter. She knew he hadn't put any contact in there on purpose. He was breaking all ties with her. Luna no longer had a roommate. Luna got ready for bed again. She put on another pull up and a top. Her pull up was in full view as Luna was not bothered to put on shorts. Luna woke up to another wet pull up and she felt pitiful. She was spending Christmas Day alone. She sang Christmas songs as she got ready and ate breakfast alone. She received mail from her family, presents. She received a notebook, hairbrush, another card and a festive bracelet. On top of that they had sent her a dress for the ball. A long baby blue dress that was made of airy fabric and a silver clip to clip back her now shoulder length hair out of her face. Luna went back to her dorm where she got ready for the ball.

She then put on her dress and headed down at six o'clock sharp. The ball was held in the special hall which was rarely used and when Luna stepped in she knew why. It was beautiful with intricate columns winding their way up to the floral masterpiece on the ceiling. Outside down some polished marble steps was a garden that seemed to stretch all the way to the horizon. Luna made her way down and sat at her assigned table. The headteacher gave a speech and introduced his nephew who was joining the school. He had short messy black hair and silver eyes with a cheeky glint. After the speech dinner was served and everyone ate their fill. Luna drank to much however she planned to use the toilet soon. But straight afterwards was the dance where everyone had to be involved and Luna knew she could hold it so she danced until the music was lowered and chatting resumed. Luna went out to the garden to get some fresh air as the room was becoming hot and stuffy.

*003*2017-09-12 21:04

Thanks it is my second piece of work I will try to make it more thorough and less rushed. Thanks for the feedback.

