Just another day in the life of a biker woman

Author: Green sigma

*000*2024-09-29 14:00

The wind ruffled the streets of downtown, ruffling even the insects in the nearby patch of grass. The city bustled with people and vehicles, going about their lives. From above, it looked like a busy ant farm crawling with ants doing all sorts of things. On 57th street was a small park with small children and adults. Some adults sat while others were with their children.

One of those adults was a biker girl dressed in a black, leather jacket, a blue turtle neck, dark navy jeans, and long, black, leather zippered boots. She sat there reading her magazine on the latest motorbike trends and helmets. This woman was too engrossed to notice the myriad or children playing near her chair and screaming about a kickball.

Even the blaring of horns didn't bother her either. "So the new helmets are made of a new material more durable than the usual. Nice!" She said to herself. She spoke softly as to not be heard, but her mind raced with the thought of the new helmets. She indulged herself in new technologies regarding motorbike vehicles. It was 2 pm and still nothing out of the ordinary. Pigeons chirped and flapped their wings and above all else, not a single rain drop from the cloudy sky.

The woman reading about motorbikes had been here since 12 noon. At that point, she had two hot dogs and a two XXL sized iced teas. Afterwards, she engrossed herself in the magazine she is currently reading. Now that it was 2 pm, this woman was feeling a pressure and fullness steadily rise in her lower abdomen. It was her bladder filling up and emptying into her urethra. But she figured it wasn't a big deal. She told herself she wasn't a small child and she wasn't going to make the same mistake last time while out on the road.

Besides, there were establishments nearby and a fee portable restrooms. So what was the issue. She kept on reading her magazine, reading about new bike technologies and later on, new road laws for motorbikes riders. "O great! Just my luck in this state. Now Senator Geary got his way towards restricting motorcyclists from being able to turn right on a red." She wasn't thrilled about this and the plethora of incidents that kept happening as a result of making a right on red for motorbike riders.

Plus, the Senator was also prejudiced against any bike riders or cyclists from being on the road. "The road belongs to everyone, not just vehicular drivers." She angrily turned the page to something else. For the next hour, she kept reading her magazine, still engrossed in her magazine. It didn't matter that children playing kick ball nearly hit her or pigeons nearly landed a perfect shot on her face or arms or footwear doing their number 2. Nothing it seemed was going to touch her.

But her need steadily rose every moment and still rising. She felt a stinging sensation in her bladder, and a fullness inside her body. She leaned forward a small bit before returning to her previous posture. The wind kept blowing by, unable to disturb the woman. She just wasn't ruffled by anything or anyone when reading the magazine on motorbikes. Except for her need to urinate. She could feel the significant fullness of her bladder rising and her urethra, as well as the rising pressure against her exit hole.

It was significant enough to warrant the time to go now before it gets worse feeling. But again, the biker woman kept on reading her magazine. She was not perturbed under the thought she could handle it. The minutes rolled by and before you knew it, it was 3:30 pm. Her need was now slightly desperate due to her bladder and urethra being full. But her kidneys weren't done pumping out fluid.

All that caffeine and diuretic chemistry going on inside her body processing all that fluid just kept the filling going. Suddenly, a ring tone noise sounding off metamorphosis song went off nearby. The woman put down her magazine and reached for her purse. She opened it up and pulled out her Samsung Galaxy A42 cell phone to see who was calling her. On the caller ID it said mother. She knew it was her maternal parent. "Hello mother. How are you? How can I help you?" The woman said.

For the next 15 minutes, she spoke on the phone with her parent, during which she shuffled her feet every 3 minutes. At times, she grunted ever so softly, and curled her toes a few times. After she was done, she ended the call, put her phone away, put her purse on her makeshift purse compartment of her motorbike, and made her way to a portable restroom. There, she unleashed a glorious number 1 into the toilet, splashing sound which wasn't too loud. It only permeated the inside of the restroom thankfully.

Afterwards, she wiped her genitals, the sides, and underside of her legs, buttocks, and between her buttocks with flushable wipes. She flushed and washed her hands. Then, she headed out on her bike. Of course, she had to go again after returning to her mother's house, but again it wasn't a big deal like earlier. She didn't wait too long like last time (Please see biker desperation). During dinner time, she did feel a small urge to go again from the remnants of the tea, but that didn't stop her from having a nice family dinner with her parents.

"So Brijet, how is your job going?" Mrs. Barketta asked her adult child. "Everything is going well mother. I would love to discuss it." "Sure thing dear, right Stewart?" "Agreed!" Mr. Barketta replied.

