Daddy Wouldn`t Let Me Pee

Author: Gregg

*000*2021-04-07 20:05

A quick foreword, I've recently started gender transition with hormones (mtf) and my fantasies have been changing accordingly.

I just discovered daddy kink, and it seems like an absolute perfect fit for my omorashi fetish, so a lot of my fantasies lately have centered around that.

I had an amazing holding and wetting session last night, imagining I had a "daddy" controlling me the whole time. I thought it was good enough that I could write a story based on it, which is what you're about to read. I hope you like it, and constructive criticism is always welcome!

Standard disclaimer, all parties are 18+, this is just a dom/sub scenario with consenting adults, using the "daddy/daughter" power dynamic.

Now that I've started writing this, I've decided to break it up into installments, since it seems to be getting quite long.

This first part contains desperation and toilet control. I'll tag the content of future parts accordingly.

Now, without further ado...

You squirm slightly in your seat at the dinner table. There's an uncomfortable fullness in your bladder, but it's nothing too serious. If it were up to you, you would have used the toilet before sitting down... but unfortunately it isn't up to you.

Daddy has told you to stay well hydrated today, so you've been drinking water at your desk all day, using the toilet every hour or two as the need arises.

You've been feeling a pressing urge for the last hour or so, and had planned to use the toilet right after work... Except Daddy said no. You nervously wonder what he has in mind, but don't think too much of it since your need still isn't that bad yet.

During dinner, Daddy prompts you to keep drinking, and you've finished 2 glasses of water by the time you're done eating.

As the two of you finish your dinner, you imagine that sweet relief is just moments away. You push away from the dinner table and start to head for the bathroom, but Daddy stops you.

"Where do you think you're going?" he asks, sternly.

"I thought you said I could pee after dinner," you reply.

"Yes," Daddy says, "but first I expect you to help me clear the table."

You turn back in resignation and begin taking your dishes to the kitchen. You not only have to put your dirty dishes in the dishwasher, but you also have to pack the leftovers from dinner into containers, label each one, and find a place for them in the overcrowded fridge.

Daddy hands you another glass of water as you work, and tells you to finish it by the time you're done. You know he has something up his sleeve, and it's making you a bit nervous.

As you finish up in the kitchen, your urge is growing noticeably stronger. You're having to make a conscious effort now not to let your desperation show. You ask Daddy, "May I please use the bathroom now?"

"No," Daddy replies, "I have something else planned for you."

Your heart sinks while a flutter of excitement bubbles up in your chest. You feel nervous and excited all at once. The fullness of your bladder immediately takes center stage, and you shiver a little at the sensation as you press your thighs together.

"Wh-What do you have in mind, Daddy?" You ask.

"You see," Daddy starts, "I think it's time we did something about that shy bladder of yours."

You know exactly what he's talking about. You remember, with some shame, that hike you and Daddy took through the woods last weekend, which very nearly ended in an accident. The public toilets at the trailhead had been closed for the season, and Daddy told you to just pee behind behind a tree, like he did. But you just couldn't do it. The thought of going out in the open like that, to say nothing of the embarrassment of exposing your bottom in public, made your bladder lock up tight, no matter how uncomfortably full it may have been. Daddy was very unhappy with you that day for having to cut your outing short and take you home to pee, all because you were too embarrassed to go outside like he told you. You realize now, that this is your punishment.

"I'm going to let you pee," Daddy says, "but you're going to go in your pants."

"But-" you start, before Daddy cuts you off.

"But nothing," Daddy says. "You're going to pee in your pants, and that's final."

He pauses for a moment, before continuing, "But, you're not going to do it until I say so."

You bite your bottom lip and feel the blood rush to your face. Your hand creeps between your thighs and you gently rub the crotch of your jeans, not sure whether it's out of desperation, or arousal.

"First, I want you to get ready," Daddy tells you. "Grab some towels and pee pads from the closet and lay them down. We don't want to make a mess, now do we?"

You flush with humiliation at the thought of putting down pads for yourself, like some kind of pet, but you reluctantly comply and spread several of them out on top of towels on the floor.

Now, "Daddy says, "drink another glass of water and stand there until I come back.

You do as he says, and stand in the middle of the pads, gently bouncing as you shift your weight from one leg to the other. You take your time with the water, but after a couple of minutes, your glass is empty, and Daddy still hasn't come back.

You set the glass down and wait, and wait... and wait some more. You're starting to get really anxious now, as you can feel the skin on your belly becoming tight, like a basketball, and the waistband from your snug-fitting jeans begins to dig into your skin. You're hoping Daddy will hurry back and let you pee, so you can finally feel some relief.

If only you knew what he had in mind...

*001*2021-04-08 01:52

Part 2: You Start to Leak

Contains: toilet control, desperation, foreplay, wetting, daddy kink.

You're squeezing yourself between your legs when Daddy returns. Actually, it was more like rubbing yourself. The feeling of a full bladder and the excitement of not knowing when it could burst are intensely erotic to you. Not to mention, the consequences of peeing before Daddy gives his permission.

Daddy approaches with a full glass of water in each hand, and looks slightly disappointed when he notices your hand between your legs.

"What is that?" he gestures to your hand with one of the glasses. "Take your hand away from there, missy."

You whimper, but put your hands down at your sides. Your stomach drops when you see the glasses of water.

"And stand up straight," he says, setting the glasses down.

You do as he tells you, even though straightening puts even more pressure on your aching bladder.

"What were you doing just now?" Daddy asks sternly.

"Nothing, Daddy," you lie out of embarrassment.

"I expect you to control your bladder without holding yourself like a child." He pretends to not know you were masturbating.

"But Daddy," you whine, "I have to go so baaad..."

"How badly?" Daddy asks, with a smile.

"Super bad," you say, smiling back. You resist the temptation to put your hands back between your legs, this time out of genuine desperation.

"Let me see," Daddy says seductively as he comes toward you. He places his hand gently on your abdomen, and caresses down, over your swollen bladder, which is now pushing out the waist of your jeans. You gasp and writhe against his hand. The pressure feels almost exquisite.

"Oh my," he says, as he moves his fingers down between your thighs, circling to come behind you.

You squirm and moan with desperation and arousal as Daddy's gentle arms circle around you. He brings his other hand up underneath your shirt to tease a nipple.

You wince. "Nnn, Daddy," you whine - or rather - moan, half out of arousal, half out of protest on behalf of your bladder.

You gasp and squirm against Daddy's body as he pinches your nipple, the lovely pain sending signals to your bladder to release itself. You're so desperate now that you're grinding your thighs against Daddy's hand in a futile effort to ease the pressure on your bladder. Well, not entirely futile, since it the sensation is still immensely pleasurable.

The gentle friction between your thighs, the gentle ache from your nipple, and the heat of Daddy's breath on the back of your neck, all eventually combine to produce a slight dampness in your underwear. You can't be sure if it's arousal, or the first drops of a flood.

Daddy takes you firmly in his arms now, holding you firmly to his chest as the heel of his palm presses down on your bladder.

You gasp and wince, trying to wiggle away from his hand, but his arms have you tight. He steadily increases the pressure of his palm, and your gasp turns into a moan, before ultimately a squeal...

"Daddy, I'm going to pee!" you shriek!

He quickly releases you, allowing you regain control just in time, panting with effort. You look up to see a huge grin on Daddy's face, and a noticeable erection in his pants.

The sight of his arousal brightens your temporarily-soured mood. You love knowing what this does to him.

"Sorry, baby," he says gently, "I just had to know for sure." He smiles, before getting back to business.

"Now," Daddy says, "since you obviously have to pee quite badly, I want you to squat down just as if we were out in the woods."

You start to unbutton your pants, but Daddy stops you.

"Ah-ah-ah! When did I say to take off your pants? I said to squat, and I expect you to do as I say, like a good girl."

"But Daddy..." you whimper, "If I squat, I might pee myself."

"Not until I tell you to, you won't." He sounds slightly angry.

"But Daddy, what if I can't hold it?"

He sighs and shakes his head, as if he's struggling to find the words to answer you.

"Baby, sometimes accidents happen," he says gently. "If you have an accident in your pants, I won't be mad at you. But I will have to punish you, so that you'll learn to stop having accidents. Does that make sense, baby girl? You don't want to keep having accidents, do you?"

"No, Daddy," you say, with a hint of resignation.

It was true. You didn't want to keep disappointing Daddy by having accidents. Not to mention the punishment that would come with each one.

Punishments always made you nervous, because you never knew if it was going to be something you could handle or not. You genuinely wanted your lover to test your limits, and didn't want to disappoint him by calling a code red and refusing a punishment, but you had to maintain your own boundaries too.

You take a deep breath, and try to plan out a posture that will put the least amount of pressure on your bladder.

You exhale one more time, before sucking in air as you quickly and carefully bend your knees and crouch your butt to the floor.

"Heels all the way down, please," Daddy says. "You need to learn proper posture."

You wince and groan. As you flatten your heels to the floor, the waistband of your jeans digs more deeply into your bladder.

Suddenly, your heart jumps into your chest. You can feel it coming out.

"Ohhhhh, " you whimper and moan as you try desperately to hold on, but a large squirt jets out into your pants. You feel only the briefest moment of relief before the pressure on your bladder forces a second, bigger stream out.

You're panting now, trying desperately to control your breathing and stop the leaks from coming, but you feel a third one quickly approaching. You groan loudly with effort as you try to hold it in, but your efforts are futile as another stream sprays against the fabric, the wet spot on your pants growing bigger and bigger.

Daddy shakes his head and takes pity on you, finally letting you stand back up, and you straighten as quickly as you can without causing more damage. You're panting, exhausted, and exhilarated. The uncontrolled explosions of pee were almost orgasmic, and the humiliation you feel standing there in front of Daddy in wet pants makes you so aroused. You can tell from the way he's stroking the front of his pants that he feels the same way.

Your sigh in relief as the leaks finally stop, but it only lasts for a brief moment as your full bladder quickly reasserts itself. Your urgency is slightly less now, but you know it won't be long before the pressure returns, and you start leaking again.

There's also the matter of the punishment you now face for having an accident in your pants.

"I'm very disappointed in you, baby," Daddy says, looking at you with a mock unhappy expression on his face. "You know what I have to do now, don't you?"

You solemnly nod, knowing you're about to be punished. Your heart and mind race as you wonder how.

To be cont'd

*002*2021-04-13 22:30

Part 3: Your Punishment

Contains: toilet control, desperation, anal play, wetting, daddy kink.

Daddy rummages around in your "toy box" before withdrawing a long, slender butt plug and a container of lubricant.

"Since you seem to have trouble controlling yourself, why don't we see if this will help plug the leak?" Daddy smirks.

"Now, would you like me to do it, or can you do it yourself?"

"I can do it..." you respond dejectedly, taking the plug and the lube from him.

"Can I at least have some privacy?" The thought of inserting it while he watches gives you a thrill of embarrassment.

"I think you know better than that, baby," Daddy says. "We can't have you trying to sneak a pee while I'm not watching, now can we?"

You can't argue with his logic, and start to unbutton your jeans.

As you pull your jeans and underwear down to just past your bottom, you feel immense gratitude for the merciful (albeit temporary) relief from the pressure of your waistband.

Gingerly crouching down on one knee, you suck in your breath as the change in position puts additional pressure on your bladder. You shift your thighs back and forth to help you maintain control as you apply ample amounts of lubricant to the plug to get it ready.

This plug has been inside you many times before, so you're not worried about the fit, but you are worried about whether you'll be able to insert it without leaking again. Thankfully, your accident earlier helped take some of the pressure off, although not by much.

"Take all the time you need," Daddy says with a devilish smile. "We have all night."

After some additional maneuvering and a little patience, you manage to get the plug fully inserted (thankfully without leaking again), which feels like a small miracle.

But now, straightening back up to re-fasten your pants, you can distinctly feel the increased pressure on the back of your bladder from the plug inside you, and you haven't even buttoned them yet...

Taking a deep breath, you pull the flaps of your jeans as far from your belly as you can, giving your bladder as much room as possible.

When you finally re-button them and let the waistband gently come to rest against your belly again, the pressure suddenly feels 10 times worse than it did before you put in the plug. You double over and jam both hands between your thighs, trying desperately to hold back the leak you know is coming.

"None of that," Daddy says sternly. "Stand up straight, and hands at your sides."

You somehow manage to regain control, and carefully withdraw your hands from your crotch, trying to stand as straight and still as possible. Your feet are planted firmly on the floor, but your legs are both bouncing and quivering frantically.

"Now," Daddy says, "since your bladder isn't full anymore, I think it's time to drink another glass of water." He gestures to the two glasses he brought in with him earlier.

You're too afraid to argue at this point, lest he make your punishment even more severe, so without saying a word, you take one of the glasses of water from the table and slowly begin sipping from it.

It's at this point that Daddy pulls out a tablet with a selection of desperation videos from the internet queued up.

Your eyes widen in surprise, as you weren't expecting anything like this.

"I don't want you to take all evening with that, so I'm going to set a time limit," he says.

"I'm going to pick one of these videos for you to watch, and I expect you to give it your full attention. I'm going to be watching you to make sure your mind doesn't wander. You have until the end of the video to finish that glass."

He starts a video before holding the pad up to face you. The one he's selected features an attractive young woman in blue jeans, obviously desperate to pee. You can see from the runtime in the corner that the video is 9 minutes long. You look at the almost-full glass of water in your hand and back to the tablet, not knowing if you'll be able to finish it so quickly.

"Eyes on the tablet, honey," Daddy says firmly, noticing your brief lapse in attention.

You focus on the screen again and take another drink of water. You watch the woman squirm and squeeze herself in desperation, envious of her freedom of movement.

You try as hard as you can to stand still, but the pressure is becoming overwhelming. You take another sip of water and check the timer again, and can't believe that it's only been 10 seconds. You don't think it will be possible to hold on until the end.

You empathize with the woman in the video as she fidgets and squirms, but you also feel a touch of envy. At least she's going to get relief by the end of the video. You still don't know when Daddy is going to give you permission to pee.

You take another drink of water, and try to focus on something, anything else but the video, to try to take your mind off your bursting bladder.

Instead of watching the woman in the video, you focus your eyes on the timer. At least that way you can keep your attention on the tablet. You work out a system in your head to take a drink of water every 30 seconds. The regularity helps make it easier to focus, and makes the agonizing time limit seem more manageable.

Your system works well for you, up until about 2 minutes from the end. You've nearly finished your glass of water, but it's at this point in the video that the woman on screen totally loses control. She was clearly very desperate, because you can see the wetness explode instantly from the crotch of her jeans, soaking like a shimmering waterfall down her thighs and onto the floor. The sense of relief visible from her body language is too much to bear, and you feel another leek is imminent.

You whimper and double over, shoving your hand between your legs to stem the flow. Immediately, Daddy raises his voice.

"What do you think you're doing, missy?" he says crossly. "Hands at your sides. NOW."

Thankfully that brief squeeze from your hand was enough to regain control, and you manage to straighten up again, feeling that you might actually make it to the end of the video.

"You finish your water right this second, young lady" Daddy says. "No more stalling."

You down the last little bit from your glass in 2 large gulps, before setting the empty glass back down. You watch in agony, sweat starting to bead on your forehead, as the video finishes with the woman stripping off her wet clothes and cleaning up her mess.

Finally, the video is over, and Daddy turns the tablet back around to face him. As he focuses his attention on the tablet, he starts to speak.

"I was thinking of letting you go once that video was over, but since you can't seem to do as I say, you're going to have to watch a second video now."

"But Daddy!" you start.

"Do you want to make it two?" he asks, looking up to meet your eyes, and you can tell from the look on his face that he's serious.

"No, Daddy..." you relent.

He turns the tablet back around to face you an starts another video, this one featuring a young woman in yoga pants and a sports bra. She doesn't seem to be too desperate at this point in the video, but when you glance down to check the timer, your heart sinks at the runtime.

15 minutes.

There's no way you'll be able to hold on that long. You almost didn't make it to the end of the last video. You start to get nervous, because you know what's coming. You're going to have an accident in your pants, and then Daddy's going to punish you. The thought both thrills and terrifies you.

You try to put the negative thoughts out of your head and just focus on the video. You can get through this. Just focus on the woman's outfit, her hair, the set design, anything at all but your bursting bladder(s).

But it's no use. The pressure inside your abdomen is growing tighter and tighter. Your muscles are weak from holding on for so long, and your control is slipping.

You look at the video timer and see that you're only 3 minutes in, but already you can feel the pee forcing its way out of your body. You whimper and tears start to form at the corners of your eyes. This is it. You're going to wet yourself, and then Daddy is going to punish you. The thought is genuinely distressing, because you hate to disappoint Daddy.

Then suddenly, it happens.

All at once, your bladder contracts, and sends a long jet of pee into your pants. You groan as you try to hold it in, but you've completely lost control of your muscles. You put your hands on your thighs and hang your head as another contraction brings another stream of pee. Your jeans are both soaked down to the knees now, but you're far from finished.

"I'm sorry Daddy!" You moan and choke out the words through your distress. "Please, Daddy! I can't hold it!"

Another contraction brings another jet of pee. And another, and another. You try to regain control after each one, but it's like trying to grab a fistful of water. There's just nothing to hold on to anymore. By this time, it's starting to puddle around your feet, and you still haven't been able to stem the flow.

"I'm so sorry Daddy, please don't be mad," you say as your breathing starts to calm and the contractions become less frequent. Your eyes are moist and you're panting heavily, exhausted from holding on.

Finally, after one last, feeble squirt, you manage to regain control. You can sense that your bladder is still full, but the pressure has decreased enough that any sense of urgency is gone for the time being. Your mind starts to come back to the present moment, and you survey the damage.

Your pants are totally soaked down both legs, and each foot is in the center of a wet spot about 2 feet in diameter. They've merged in the center to form a kind of peanut shape.

Sniffling, you look up to face Daddy, worried to see how upset he is. As your gaze pans upward to meet his eyes, you can't help but notice his free hand moving around inside his pocket. It's not hard for you to guess what it's doing.

"Oh, baby," he says, trying to hide his excitement. "I'm not mad at you. I'm just disappointed. I thought you could be a big girl for me, but I guess I was wrong."

His words actually carry a tiny amount sting with them, but they also send your heart racing. You shiver, wondering what kind of punishment he has in store for you now...

To be continued.

