Genshin impact stories

Author: GupFan

*000*2021-06-29 15:48

And so recently and I was covered in this interesting game and decided to create fanfics on this topic. Although of course you can send your suggestions to this topic in full. This is no longer a short story. It's a full-fledged topic.

Story 1

Diona, the young girl bartender, from the Cat's Tail Tavern, was busy, as usual, mixing different liquids to make cocktails. It was common for her to mix something that tasted unpleasant with something good. For example, strawberry juice and swamp sludge. It sounds disgusting, doesn't it, but somehow the drink still tasted perfect. Diona didn't know she had a curse for making delicious drinks. Or rather, she thought of it as a curse, not something that could improve her life.

For Diona, cocktails like this were already something of a regular occurrence. It doesn't matter what you put in it, as long as it looks good. And the curse will do the trick. It adds flavor and takes away the extra stuff. Diona couldn't understand that she had been blessed, so she was indignant at every defeat. And defeat, for her, is the perfect drink for others.

Every step in creating something disgusting still led to perfection. Now she finally got a break and decided to wash up in the fountain in Monshtat's central square. She looked into the beautiful, clear water and smiled. Still, the weather was nice today. The sun is shining, but not much because small clouds are covering it, but they are clearly not for rain.

Soon Diona was called to complete her work day, at which point she felt her bladder filling up. The bladder became heavier and was already causing discomfort. Diona realized that she would have to spend the rest of the day in this position. But there was no way out. Now was the time to work. And here she is again stirring cocktails while standing behind the bar. But with every sound coming from the iridescent drinks, she feels an intensifying urge to urinate. Diona tries not to think about the urge to use the restroom, but it's across from the bar, right in front of her eyes.

- Ugh...It's so hard for me. Gotta focus. - Said the girl to herself.

She feels her bladder almost filled to the top with urine and continues to mix drinks and do her job. She's even getting a little used to the strain on her sphincter. But it doesn't last forever. She performs a toilet dance by her legs behind the bar. Her thighs rub against each other and the liquid is about to come out.

- Excuse me, could I have a glass of dandelion wine? - A familiar voice distracted Diona, and for a time even her dancing stopped.

From the sight of the familiar, the girl seemed to gain a supply of new strength. Eola was sitting across from her, spinning a little childishly behind the bar. It was strange to see her like that. For Eola, it was as out of character as possible. Or rather, it completely contradicted her standard behavior, which was even suspicious. Diona was too surprised and forgot her need. And very, very wrongly, because in a few moments a stream of warm urine hit her panties. Diona held it back without giving it away. Well, she thought she didn't.

- What would you like, Eola?

- Well... I actually asked for dandelion wine? - answered Eola.

Diona could feel her sphincter weakening extremely quickly. It was particularly affected by the urine that had already come out. Her panties, lightly wetted, were now clinging to her body, now not, and soon Diona became unable to hold on and every action she took was accompanied by a small leak. She carefully, trying not to move, poured Eola a glass of wine, and she knocked it over and left for another meeting with Jean.

- Oooh...I can't take it anymore. - The girl unbuttoned the button on her shorts to keep them from pressing against her bladder.

Then she took her hand to her crotch. She began to squeeze firmly between her legs. She took her other hand under her wet panties and began to clasp her urethra. The toilet dance she performed was extremely mesmerizing. It was a combination of everything. From the desperation, to her natural grace, which she respected even in such a difficult situation. But the urine started coming out again, and the girl couldn't stop it. Even the fact that her finger plugged her urethra and acted as a kind of bottle stopper did not matter. Fluid was flowing out anyway. The urine soaked into her shorts, leaving a wet stain on them the size of a gasparus ball.

At this point, Diona began to feel that she had no more strength to endure. And in a moment her bladder, full to the brim, spewed out everything that had accumulated in her body. It began with a few leaks. Here Diona held back the first one. The urine soaked into her shorts, making them wet almost completely. The second spurt was longer in duration and the liquid began to actively flow down her legs. And then after the fourth or fifth, Diona didn't count how many times the urine flowed out of her, her body surrendered.

For more than a minute Diona urinated, creating a puddle in front of all the visitors and in front of Margarita. No matter how hard Diona tried to restrain the fluid accumulated in her body, her attempts went nowhere. A finger jammed into her urethra played no part. Soon her urine stopped coming out. Diona ran out of the tavern in her wet shorts. Soon she was just huddled in her room, crying lightly. She couldn't believe she had wet herself. After all, not looking at her height, she was already a grown-up girl. And she couldn't believe this had happened to her.

- Diona, open to me. It's me, Margarita.

But the door was unlocked, and Diona saw the hostess of the tavern. Margarita sat down next to her and hugged Diona. A smile flashed across her face.

- Where did you run off to. No one is laughing at you. - Marguerite literally didn't let Diona say the phrase

But the little neko only hugged Marguerite and cried lightly. Diona clearly needed a day off. What happened today she did not want to see even in her worst nightmares.

Well, now it's time for some comments. Oh, and in those you can throw in a few of your stories and ideas, if you have any.

