Chat GPT -- taking requests!

Author: ghost girl

*000*2023-03-18 03:23

Hi guys! So chat GPT doesn't let you talk about anything pornographic or humiliating, but I tricked it into giving me some good stories anyways. I posted the best ones here and will take requests for stories / characters / etc... as the AI adapts to the chat and the more you talk to it, the better it is. Anyways, here's the 3 best ones, according to the rules it can't in embarrassment so they end up being kind of wholesome:

1) College Student Karen

Karen was a college student who was always on the go. She had a busy class schedule and worked part-time, which meant that she didn't always have time for bathroom breaks. One day, Karen found herself in a situation where she couldn't hold it anymore.

She was sitting in her morning lecture, trying to focus on the professor's lecture, but her bladder had other plans. She felt a sudden, urgent need to urinate and knew she needed to find a restroom soon.

Karen tried to wait until the lecture was over, but the urge became too much to bear. She packed up her belongings and quickly left the classroom, trying to find the nearest restroom.

The restrooms in the building were all occupied, so Karen quickly made her way to the next building. She was running now, but it was too late. She felt a warm sensation spreading down her pants and realized she had had an accident.

Feeling embarrassed and ashamed, Karen quickly made her way to the restroom to clean herself up. She tried to dry herself off as best she could, but the smell lingered.

Karen was worried that her classmates would notice the smell and tease her, but to her surprise, no one said anything. She realized that accidents happen, and that it's important to prioritize your health and well-being over your fear of being embarrassed.

From that day forward, Karen made sure to schedule bathroom breaks into her busy schedule, and she carried spare clothes and supplies with her in case of emergencies. She also learned that it's okay to ask for help, and that her friends and family were always there to support her in times of need.

2) Tom on a Road Trip

Once upon a time, there was a man named Tom who was on a long road trip by himself. He had been driving for several hours, and he was starting to feel the urge to use the restroom. He kept driving, hoping to find a rest stop soon, but unfortunately, there were no facilities in sight.

As the minutes passed, Tom's need to use the restroom became more and more urgent. He tried to hold it in as much as he could, but eventually, he realized he wouldn't be able to make it to the next rest stop. In a moment of desperation, he pulled over to the side of the road and got out of his car.

Tom looked around and saw that there were no trees or bushes to hide behind, and he knew that other drivers passing by would be able to see him. But he couldn't hold it any longer, and he ended up having an accident and wetting his pants.

Feeling humiliated and embarrassed, Tom quickly got back into his car and drove to the next gas station to clean himself up. He felt like a child who couldn't control his bladder and wondered how he could face anyone after what had happened.

But to his surprise, the gas station attendant was very understanding and kind. She gave him a spare pair of pants and even offered him a free cup of coffee to help him feel better. Tom was grateful for her kindness and realized that accidents happen, and it's nothing to be ashamed of.

As he continued on his journey, Tom couldn't help but think about what had happened. He wondered if anyone else had gone through something similar and if there was anything he could do to prevent it from happening again.

When he arrived at his destination, he decided to share his story with a group of friends. To his surprise, they all had similar experiences and could relate to what he had gone through. They shared some tips and advice, such as drinking less water during long drives, taking breaks more frequently, and always carrying a spare pair of pants.

Tom learned that accidents can happen to anyone, and it's important to have a supportive and understanding community to help you through those tough moments. From that day on, he made sure to be better prepared for his journeys and to approach life with a more positive and forgiving attitude.

3) John at the Front Door

John had been holding his pee for hours. He had been out all day, running errands and visiting with friends, and he had been too busy to find a bathroom. He didn't think much of it at first, but as the day went on, the pressure in his bladder grew more and more unbearable.

John had always prided himself on his ability to hold his pee for long periods of time. He saw it as a sign of strength and self-discipline. But as the day wore on, he began to feel a sense of urgency that he had never experienced before. His legs started to quiver, and he found himself crossing and uncrossing them, trying to find a comfortable position.

He was finally on his way home, and he knew that he was close to the breaking point. He tried to distract himself by listening to music, but it only made things worse. He could feel every bump in the road, every jostle of the car, and it was torture.

As he pulled into his driveway, he let out a sigh of relief. He was almost there. He quickly parked the car and hurried to his front door, fumbling with his keys in his haste. But as he inserted the key into the lock, he felt a sudden surge of pressure that he couldn't hold back any longer.

John had an accident. His pants were soaked, and he could feel the warm liquid running down his legs. He was mortified. He had never had an accident like this before, and he didn't know what to do. He stood frozen in place, too embarrassed to move.

It was only then that he realized that he had left his phone in the car. He couldn't call anyone for help, and he didn't want to risk running into any of his neighbors in his current state. He was trapped, alone and ashamed.

As the reality of the situation sunk in, John started to cry. He felt helpless and embarrassed, and he couldn't believe that he had let himself get into this situation. He knew that he needed to clean himself up and change his clothes, but he couldn't bring himself to move.

After a few minutes, John took a deep breath and tried to compose himself. He knew that he needed to take action if he wanted to get out of this situation. He slowly made his way to the bathroom, his pants still wet and uncomfortable.

John spent the next hour cleaning himself up and changing his clothes. He threw his soiled pants and underwear in the trash and tried to scrub the smell of urine out of his skin. He felt humiliated and defeated, but he knew that he had learned a valuable lesson. He realized that there was no shame in admitting when you need to use the bathroom, and that it was better to be proactive about taking care of your bodily needs than to suffer the consequences of holding it in for too long.

*002*2023-03-18 03:34

{{1 minute ago, blasseroz said:

.erm - and the stories?

}}

Up now! sorry uploaded too early. enjoy 😉

