The Bet That Went Too Far

Author: Goldwood

*000*2022-10-23 16:55

Saturday, 7:00 A.M.

Sunlight trickled in through the blinds of Kimmy’s townhome waking up Danielle. She patted her shorts and gasped at both the warmth and the giant stain she’d made on the couch. She sat up and looked around the living room. Empty wine glasses, beer bottles, and solo cups covered seemingly every inch of countertop space alongside a pack of water bottles that was about half empty. Including Danielle herself, six girls and two guys occupied the living room and hallway. Most of the girls had soaked themselves in their sleep and a few were even in diapers. Danielle cracked the blinds and looked outside into the backyard.

The orange and pink glow of the sunrise was pretty and the birds outside were awake including a cardinal in the birdbath. A hammock strung between two trees swung softly in the breeze before stopping as Emily hopped down. Pee spilled down from the hammock as Emily examined her soaked pajama pants before heading inside.

The back door opened, and Emily wordlessly made eye contact with Danielle. Their soaked clothes hid nothing, and they laughed quietly as Danielle made coffee for each of them. They sat at the table and looked at the living room as a few other guests began to stir. Emily turned to Danielle after taking everything in.

“Last night was absolutely insane,” Emily said.

“Understatement of the year,” Danielle agreed. “We made that bet, and then one thing just led to another.”

Emily took a sip of coffee. “Unbelievable.”

Danielle had to agree there. The outcome was crazy, and she vividly remembered every step along the way. After a night like that, how could anyone not?

Monday, 7:30 PM. Five Days Before

Margarita Monday was a hit at Fernando’s Cantina like always. Voted the best restaurant in Goldwood for three years straight, half price margaritas after 5 P.M. was a gamechanger in a college town. Even though Danielle’s friends had graduated or were working on advanced degrees, Margarita Mondays had remained an almost weekly tradition.

Danielle sat at a wrap-around booth finishing her first drink of the night- a classic strawberry margarita with salt on the rim. She was proud of her appearance usually, a pretty redhead with striking green eyes who worked out semi regularly. She sat next to her not quite official boyfriend, David, a musician with luscious brown hair. Going around the booth from David’s right was Ronnie, a sports broadcaster for Goldwood College. He’d recently reconnected with Vanessa, a tall brunette accountant with braided hair. 

Next to her was Kelly, an incredibly sassy blonde with no shortage of stories as a middle school teacher. Relating hard next to her was Kimmy, the glasses wearing “mom friend” of the bunch who taught high school math. To Kimmy’s right was River, a freelance photographer with purple streaks in her blonde hair. Finally, Emily sat on Danielle’s left. She was a small Asian girl studying for the Bar Exam who made up for her stature with a lovably absurd amount of energy. Her boyfriend was away for med school that week and it was nice getting to catch up just the two of them again.

The football game they'd been partially watching hit a commercial break and Danielle stood up to pee while Emily groaned.

“I always forget that you need to sit on the outside of the booth cause you pee so much,” Emily said.

Danielle felt strangely offended by that. For starters, all six girls in the group had either wet themselves or heavily leaked at the concert a month ago. Secondly, her bladder wasn’t that small.

“I don’t have to pee that often, do I?” Danielle asked.

“You went three times last Monday alone,” River said.

“What, are you keeping a pee counter on her, Riv?” Kimmy asked.

“No. I was the one the one sitting next to her last week!” River laughed.

“She is usually the first one to go it seems,” Kelly said. “And that’s saying something cause Vanessa’s bladder is the size of a walnut.”

“Real mature,” Vanessa said. “Especially when I’ve seen you in wet pants decently often yourself.”

The conversation took a turn as accusations of small bladders and wet pants flew around the table. Danielle thought back to the night at the concert and a surge of pent-up emotions returned to her. Feeling suddenly bold, Danielle slapped the table.

“Fine! Ladies, I bet I can hold my bladder longer than all of you,” Danielle said.

“Did you just challenge us to a pee holding contest?” Emily asked.

“Apparently,” Danielle giggled awkwardly. “Don’t see any other way for my bladder to salvage its reputation.” Trying to build incentive, she placed a twenty on the table. “Prize money for the winner.”

“I mean it’s not like you’ll win, so I’ll take the twenty. In fact, I’ll up it to thirty if someone beats me,” Emily said with a shrug. More money got added to the pool eventually reaching $75 and the contest planning got underway. It even drew the attention of their server.

The server, a Latina with a nose piercing named Stephanie tilted her head in Danielle’s direction. “A pee holding contest huh?”

Danielle blushed. “Yeah, we’re weird…”

Stephanie laughed and patted her own bulging bladder. “Got a water and a tea in this puppy right now with a half hour still left on my shift. This is random, but can I join? I could use some extra cash and hold pretty regularly at work anyway.”

Emily shrugged. “Why the hell not? I just remembered my sister will be in town this weekend, so we might as well add her into the mix.”

“Eight people huh. This is turning into a big event,” David said. “So like… do you want me and Ronnie in or…?”

“Biology’s too different,” Kimmy said. “If Dani’s so deadset on defending her bladder’s honor, she needs an even playing field.”

“Wait! Ronnie’s a broadcaster! You two can be the announcers!” Vanessa exclaimed. The idea of staging a pee holding contest like a sports event was a hilarious notion that quickly gained approval.

Ronnie looked at David and shrugged. “I think the people have spoken.”

“That they have,” David said.

The contest planning went on a good bit longer. Danielle’s bladder twinged, but she remained super invested in making sure her event would live up to perfection. Stephanie returned with second margaritas for Emily and River and carefully set them down on the table despite her shaking legs. Emily got a Venmo from her sister and brought the prize up $90. Stephanie appeared fully invested and added a final ten to the pile while teasing a “punishment” for the people who did the worst.

“Spicy. I dig it,” Kelly said.

“Might as well go all out with this thing,” Kimmy agreed.

By the time Stephanie left the table, Danielle’s bladder was screaming for relief. “Good thing the contest doesn’t start tonight!” she exclaimed before power walking off to bathrooms and tried her hardest not to hear Emily shout “Easy out!”.

Danielle lost two long leaks on her walk there. She groaned at the predictable line following a night of discounted alcohol. She hopped in place leaking a third time that resulted in a wet patch that was quarter sized. A few minutes later, River got in line behind her, shifting from side to side as she waited.

“Looks like we’ve got some training to do,” River giggled.

Danielle quickly regretted laughing along and sprinted into the first stall that opened. She lost several more spurts into her jeans and black panties before triumphantly yanking them down and unleashing a torrent. As she pulled her pants back up, she heard frantic footsteps down the hall.

“Please no. Every fucking Monday!” Stephanie grumbled.

Danielle then got an evil idea. All she had left to do was flush, but she decided to wait a minute longer.

The stall next to Danielle opened.

“I’ll be quick,” River said racing in.

Hearing her stream sounded tortuous for Stephanie. “Oh no. Oh god. Fuck!” the server moaned.

Danielle’s heart pounded as she opened her stall with trembling hands. Stephanie stood outside with hands shoved into her crotch that was losing ground against a growing wet spot. The server ran inside the stall, but most of her bladder was already empty. Her outfit, a black t-shirt with soaked white jeans was seared into Danielle’s mind for the rest of the evening. If that was just a foretaste, she couldn’t wait until Friday.

Friday, 6:00 P.M. Thirteen Hours Before

Kimmy’s kitchen table and countertops were covered with a ridiculous amount of beverages. The goal of the challenge was for seven of the eight people to wet their pants, and the group had gone all out with alcohol, soda, and water. The contest would be held in the kitchen due to the tile floor with Ronnie and David’s “press box” in the living room. Ronnie had brought two microphones as well as headphones that did nothing but were fun for aesthetics. The agreed upon dress code was a comfy pair of jeans (the lighter the better) and a t shirt to minimize any variables such as tight pants or some contestants in skirts or dresses.

Emily's sister, Alice, had arrived earlier that evening with a mad dash of her own after filling up on soda when she stopped for gas midway through the long drive. Danielle hung out with both sisters in the kitchen while the boys set up their equipment and River crushed Kimmy, Vanessa, and Kelly in a game of Uno. Finally, Stephanie arrived. She had a pack of Twisted Tea in one hand and a bulky package in the other. She set the package on the table and grinned. “Punishment for the losers. Bottom three perhaps?”

Emily looked at the package and laughed. “Adult diapers. Looks like they’re right at Dani’s size.”

“Very funny, Emily. My bladder was just getting warmed up the other night,” Danielle said.

Early smack talk prompted the guys to take their first swing at announcing. “And the claws are out before the contest has even begun!” Ronnie said from his microphone.

“I’ve never seen anything like this before, Ronnie,” David said. “Keep an eye on those two, Danielle Fuller and Emily Zheng. They’ve got a rivalry with one another that’ll be a big storyline to follow tonight.”

“Speaking of rivalries, it doesn’t get much more old school than Kelly Mayer and Vanessa Williams. They've been friends since the seventh grade, but Kelly is insistent that she can hold it longer,” Ronnie said.

“I expect a good back and forth from those two,” David agreed. “Any predictions on how that battle goes, Ronnie?”

“I think I’ll stay silent on that to avoid biases,” Ronnie said as Vanessa stared him down and David laughed.

“I’m impressed. They legitimately committed to the bit,” Emily said as Ronnie and David gave sports style intros to all eight contestants.

“I mean drinking beer and watching eight women do crazy shit sounds like a nice gig to me,” Danielle said.

“You’re not wrong there,” Emily said. “The diapers for the first three people out are weird, but a fun element of chaos at the same time, Stephanie.”

“Contests are always more fun when there’s a punishment for the loser in addition to a prize for the winner I think. Seemed appropriate given the nature of this event,” Stephanie said.

“Can’t wait to see Emily in one of those,” Danielle said.

“You wish,” Emily laughed.

Danielle laughed, although something about seeing someone as confident as Emily in a humiliating situation did seem a bit enticing…

After a group bathroom break, everyone was ready. Each contestant had a full bottle of water, a can of soda, and a beer to start off the showdown. Danielle then eyed a bottle of tequila and suggested starting the drinking off with a shot. Her suggestion was unanimously accepted.

“And go!” David declared as soon as the clock hit 7 P.M.

Danielle downed her shot and quickly sucked on a lime slice to balance out her taste buds. Citrus would be an interesting element given its irritant properties. After the first shot, they had an hour to finish all three drinks. Downtime was crucial for health reasons and there was admittedly a bit of strategy involved. Drinking too quickly with leave much longer to fully hold but going too slow could result in a chugging situation at the end of the hour.

Through careful timing, Danielle got through all three drinks in a reasonable amount of time. She’d finished all but the last portion of her coke by 7:48 and waited another ten minutes before finishing completely. Most people had done well pacing themselves, but a few instances caught Danielle’s attention. Kimmy still had half of her water bottle with five minutes left and had to drink that quickly.

“I’m such a slow drinker. Hope that doesn’t come back to bite me,” she told Ronnie in a “sideline interview”.

“On the opposite end of the spectrum, we’ve got Vanessa who was the first person done at 7:39. Tell us about your strategy,” David asked.

“Well, it was a lot of liquid to drink anyway, so I just wanted to get filled up and leave room for later rounds,” Vanessa said.

“A solid strategy for sure,” Ronnie said. There’s plenty more drinks to go, and interestingly, not too much open holding to tapped feet yet. I think that’s about to change soon, David.”

“I agree wholeheartedly. Shall we unveil the next drinks?” David asked.

The answer was a unanimous “yes” from the contestants. David opened a cooler and revealed eight twisted teas while Ronnie brought eight glasses of ice water.

“That might be overkill. Not that I’m desperate yet or anything,” Alice said.

Danielle curiously eyed Emily’s sister. She didn’t remember her holding capacity being anything too noteworthy, though her sister’s lockdown fortress of a bladder skewed things. Alice hummed and tapped her foot, the latter of which soon became the norm across the room. Kimmy squirmed in her chair while River stood up and walked around. Stephanie was rather calm along with Kelly. As expected, Emily casually made small talk with no indication that 40 oz of drinks were circulating through her body. Danielle felt twinges, but managed to hold on firmly.

The first sign of drama came about fifteen minutes into the second round. Kimmy was talking with River and Stephanie when a short but powerful leak escaped. She gasped along with basically everyone else. River turned away to avoid further thoughts of pee, and Alice crossed her legs tightly. Danielle was naturally full given the amount she’d drunk and was glad to be in a noticeably better spot than someone else. If she wet herself first, Emily would’ve never let her live it down!

The first elimination was confirmed about ten minutes later as a struggling Kimmy completely lost control of her bladder. Her stream fell on the tile floor like a steady golden rain and was a nightmare to listen to. Kimmy leaned against the wall and let out a sigh of relief as her wet spot expanded. She wasn’t embarrassed until her eyes found the diapers on the coffee table. She went to the bathroom and came out without pants a few minutes later. She twirled around showcasing her garment of shame and laughing it off.

“And Kimmy has been our first elimination of the night. An hour fifteen minutes without any accidents is quite impressive if I do say so myself Ronnie,” David said.

“It sure is, David. It looks like a lot more crossed legs and tapping feet now, so perhaps we’ll see another wetting or two in the 2nd hour,” Ronnie said. "Any grades on the evening from the diapered teacher in the room?" he asked Kimmy.

“A+ commentary for you, F- bladder for me,” Kimmy laughed.

Sitting was doing Danielle no favors, so she opted to stand for a bit. She was visibly desperate, but so was everyone not named Emily. The chill from her glass of ice water threatened to push her over the limit, but someone else met theirs a few minutes after Kimmy.

Alice was trying to act natural but couldn’t hide her squirming in place when she lost her battle. She threw her head back and sighed in relief as a waterfall worked its way down her legs, predominantly on the left side of her jeans. “Honestly I’m not even that ashamed. It just felt good to finally let go,” Alice said.

“You’re only half through college too,” Emily said. “The rest of us have a several years drinking experience on you as well. Not too shabby!”

Alice got cleaned up and returned from the bathroom wearing a diaper. “Okay, now I’m a bit embarrassed.”

“Another contestant down following an honorable effort from Alice,” Ronnie said. “Any predictions, David?”

“I think it will come from over there,” David said pointing to a corner in the kitchen where Vanessa, Kelly, and Stephanie were playing cards and barely able to sit still. All three had finished their second round of drinks and gone awfully quiet. Kelly insisted the announcers were mistaken, but that was quickly disproven.

Vanessa pushed her chair away from the table and remained seated for her accident. A giant puddle formed beneath her that drenched her jeans and eventually dripped onto the floor. Danielle felt her first leaks upon listening to the gradual drip once the flood stopped and was quite thankful when Vanessa wiped her chair with a towel. As she grabbed a diaper, Danielle got a good look at the back of her soaked jeans. The giant splotch on her butt was an interesting difference from Kimmy and Alice’s stains.

“And Vanessa’s wetting will bring us into the third hour as well as the end of the punishment phase. Been an interesting contest so far,” David said.

“It really has. We’ll see how much longer it lasts following a final set of drinks,” Ronnie said. “But first, the halftime show.”

“There’s a halftime show?” Danielle laughed.

David grinned and grabbed a guitar that had been in the hallway out of the view from the kitchen. “Got a fun medley for the occasion.”

He played and started a sing along of water related songs including “Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head”, “Who Will Stop the Rain?”, and “Waterfalls”. It was adorably corny and provided a nice backdrop for two wettings during the show. The first didn’t technically count, but Kimmy soaked her diaper during Waterfalls. Danielle hadn’t seen such a wetting before and was fascinated seeing it swell up with a yellow tint.

The other wetting came in the final song, which naturally had to be “Let It Go”. Ronnie got dragged into singing along with David and was hilariously bad at it. The inevitable laughter that ensued brought the end of River’s bladder. She freaked out once she started peeing, but had no chance to stop herself as that made her laugh even harder.

“Excellent show my guy,” Ronnie said. “River’s elimination brings us down to the final four. Emily, Danielle, Stephanie, and Kelly!”

“Thanks man. Just one drink this time around. It’s been a crazy night, so how about a nice glass of wine to take the edge off?” David said.

Despite protests from Danielle’s bladder at drinking anything else, the wine was quite good. They had thirty minutes to drink the glass and it was nice to slowly sip something. Trash talk got thrown around the table in good fun that got Danielle declared president of the “Anybody But Emily club”.

The club lost one member as Kelly wet herself halfway through her wine. She had two big leaks that created a baseball sized wet spot followed by her saying “That ain’t good.” She was leaning against the table with her hands pressed into her crotch when the full flood started. She managed to stop after about thirty seconds, but that couldn’t even hold for a minute. Part two started and she simply enjoyed the relief. The wet spot covered a chunk of her shirt since she’d been leaning, and it came down pretty far.

“Nice one Kell!” Vanessa said.

“Shut up, Ms. Diapers!” Kelly teased.

“Three to go,” Ronnie said.

After an evening of laughs, singing, and chippy banter, the room went quiet once it was down for the final three. Emily was finally showing visible desperation as was Stephanie who swayed from foot to foot. Danielle lost several more leaks and feared her end was coming any minute. She was truly impressed with herself for lasting this long, but also knew she’d hate to lose to Emily at the last minute. She eyed both of her opponents looking for any indication of how much longer they could last. Emily had lost some confidence. Stephanie…

…was leaking. A glance down revealed a slightly growing wet spot on the server’s jeans. She bit her lip and tried to hang on to no avail. She let out a sigh as her dam completely broke and Danielle watched her wet herself for the second time that week. Blue jeans weren’t quite as enticing as the white ones, but Danielle certainly wasn’t complaining. “Good game ladies,” Stephanie said.

“Bronze medal is solid,” Danielle said.

“And now, the moment everyone’s been waiting for! The final two,” Ronnie declared.

Emily turned to Danielle. She was shaking with a coin sized wet patch on her jeans, almost identical to Danielle’s current position. “Let’s get this over with quickly.”

“Go right ahead and pee then,” Danielle said.

“Very funny, Dani. Let’s do a shot contest until one of us bursts. Who says no?” Emily said.

Danielle shook on it as Alice poured them each a shot of whiskey while soaking her diaper. If the peeing hadn’t been muffled, Danielle had a suspicion one of or both of them might have lost control right there. They downed the first shot, each grimacing at the punch to their bladders which barely held on. They took a shot of vodka a few minutes later. Danielle’s hands were buried in her crotch while Emily hopped up and down.

The third shot delivered the critical blow. One moment Danielle was grimacing as it burned going down and the next, she was peeing her pants. She’d previously thought her wetting at the concert was bad, but this was a soaking of an entirely different magnitude. Her sphincter completely crumpled, and she sprayed full force into her pants. It wasn’t a small waterfall one might find on a hiking trail; it was a pale yellow Niagara Falls. Her stain grew and grew as Ronnie and David said some congratulatory remarks to Emily that Danielle couldn’t catch. She peed for what felt like an eternity and couldn't be happier after the pain her bladder had endured. As her stream finally died down, David winked at her and walked off.

“What did that mean?” she thought.

“You put up a good fight Dani. But I guess I’m the holding queen,” Emily said still quivering. “Now I’ve got a hot date with the toilet!”

She took off running, several streaks leaking down her leg and onto the floor. She grabbed the handle of the closest bathroom, but it didn’t budge. She banged on the door.

“I’ll be out in a minute!” David said.

Danielle grinned. David had snuck off to mess with her opponent after she won. Emily stood there a few seconds longer before shouting “Fuck this!” and heading for the second bathroom adjacent to Kimmy’s bedroom. She only got a few steps before losing complete control. Each leak had gotten progressively longer and finally one just never stopped. Her knees buckled as it all came out. Emily realized it was over and stood in one place to contain the stain on the floor. Once the final trickles of pee stopped, Emily headed back to the kitchen to grab paper towels.

“That was wild from start to finish, Dani. Came down to maybe five minutes at the end,” Emily said.

“It’s crazy we even wound up at this point, but that was… weirdly fun I think,” Kimmy said.

“It really was,” Kelly said.

Danielle smiled at the positive feedback. “I’m glad everyone had a good time. I truly didn’t know how weird it’d get or how serious you’d take it.”

“Oh, it was pretty fuckin’ weird,” River laughed. “But who cares. Crazy is fun every once in a while.”

“And we couldn’t have had our weird pee fun without our fabulous announcers!” Vanessa said.

“It was a blast. It was fun, goofy, and admittedly kinda hot,” Ronnie said.

Danielle froze and then did a double take as David shrugged and nodded. “Is this kink of mine like an actual thing?” She’d have to do some “research” once she got back home.

Emily then scrunched her nose. “Oh god this house reeks! I think I’m sleeping in the backyard tonight.”

Everyone laughed as the group opened windows, sprayed wet spots on carpet with Febreeze, and lit every candle they could find. After deciding sleeping arrangements, people drifted off to sleep one by one. It was doubtful most of them would make it till morning dry, but Danielle figured that was part of the fun too.

Finally, it was just Danielle and David awake. David turned to her. “Golden shower?”

Danielle’s heart raced. “Let’s do it.”

Danielle tiptoed across the living room floor and into the bathroom. Once David was in, she smiled mischievously and shut the door. She couldn’t think of a more fitting conclusion to an incredible night.

