Girls und panzer story 2

Author: GupFan

*000*2020-04-05 13:46

This is a story about a girl named Erwin from Girls und panzer. I was asked to write about her. I hope it works out well.

Erwin girl in Oaray from the club of historians. She specialized in the history of the Second World War and, first of all, Germany in the 20th century.

Now she was sitting on the hull of her tank with the rest of the team. Oryo, Caesar, and Saemondsa discussed about history and played in historical games. This game could be played for about 3 hours, but they played out the scenario of the battle of El Alamein. Winning was extremely difficult, but Erwin tried more than once and now it seems a miracle she succeeds. During the game, the girl drank a glass of soda and jammed a fast food hamburger. Of course, her friends also ate delicious food. For example, Oryo choose a bucket of chicken and clearly was not going to give it so easily to her friends. Yes, I joked. She was ready to share. Of course she also drank Coca-Cola.

- I'm sorry I'm filled to the my limit.- Said Oryo, because her bladder was full. The girl retired to the toilet, but Erwin did not follow her example.

- Erwin, you drank so much soda. I’m sure you want to use the toilet.- Saemonds said, but Erwin only waved her hand.

- I do not want to use the toilet.- answered Erwin

- But you may want to when we go to the shooting training.- Caesar said, clearly wanting Erwin to follow Oreux’s example.

- I have an impenetrable bladder.- Erwin answered

The girls threw away food and put the game into a box. Now they were getting ready for training. Of course, Erwin could not predict what would happen next. The girl took the place of the commander and prepared for training. And soon, Stug 3 drove towards the training field. But Stug 3 is a tank. And in a tank, as you know, it can shake quite a lot. This will affect the situation in the future. Time passed and soon the self-propelled gun moved to the first position. From this position, a target was visible at a distance of about a kilometer.

Time passed to take aim and Oryo began to aim the gun. In the meantime, Erwin began to have her first problems, or rather, her bubble gave the first signals.

- Commander, our gun is aimed at the target. Should we open fire? - said Oryo

- Yes, we should!- answered Erwin.

The sound of a shot shook the air and the tank slightly shake up. It was a shot of a german pack40 . Little could stand before the power of this weapon. That was incredible. The target was demolished by this training projectile. Soon the tank fired several more shots and changed three positions. All this happened in half an hour.

It was after this that all the soda drunk by Erwin hit her with all her might. Her bladder was almost full to the brim and she rubbed her hips. Erwin was approaching her limit. But the bladder did not cause much concern. Now he was not even completely full, and the girl had a lot of strength to deal with him. Yes, Erwin rubbed her hips and squeezed them tightly, but the reason for this was because she was now wearing very expensive panties. She did not want her to leak into them.

- Commander, we took a position. What will be the orders?- Asked Caesar.

- Try... Try to aim and make an accurate shot.

Erwin tried not to show what she needed to the toilet. But it was extremely difficult. Hide with every minute became more difficult. Pressure on the sphincter grew. And the girl began to sort out her legs. And soon Saymondsa noticed this.

- The commander you see what I mean. I was right. You had to go to the toilet. - Said Saymondsa.

- I can endure as much as I want.- Answered commander Stug 3.

The crew hardly spoke anymore, since Erwin concentrated more on holding and Caesar took command. After half an hour, the situation began to get out of the girl's control. The first few drops of heat fell into her white panties. Erwin then put her right hand between her legs and tried to prevent a leak or something more.

The problems began some time later when a short spurt first hit the panties. The girl squeezed her crotch with both hands. And her full bladder began to throb. Erwin fell into despair. She tried to keep her urine from going out. After another jerk, Erwin began press her hips for all her strength. Soon, the girl began to painfully squeeze her hips, and tears appeared in her eyes. Soon a few short streams came out of the girl. But control was leaving her. There was already a small puddle on the seat.

But then something began. At first, one jerk came out of the girl. Then another. And then it became audible blows of drops on metal. And then a minute later the girl could not stand it. A huge stream of urine burst from her. Erwin was soon wet. She sighed heavily when it finally became easier. The flow did not subside for a long time and now, after a couple of minutes, the liquid stopped. Erwin continued to breathe heavily. She could not believe that this had happened to her. With an adult girl.

Although it is worth noting that she was warned that she should not drink so much and that she should take care of the bathroom before training. It is even surprising that she, as a child, acted so presumptuously.

And so I wrote the story of Erwin. I lack an artistic description. This is clearly worth working on.

And so I'm waiting for another proposals about Girls und Panzer.

Who else would you like to see?

