Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - A GT Story; Pan's 'Pee in Pants' Threat

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-22 02:26

In a Timeline where Super Saiyan 4s, vengeful foes, & Evil Dragons exist. A Untold Lost Chapter about a strong Quarter-Saiyan known as Pan begins to have troubles of her own.

Pan: Okay who broke the toilet on the ship!?

(Kid) Goku: Sorry Pan I should've been more careful on how I use that thing *laughs*

Pan: IT'S NOT FUNNY GRANDPA! I NEEDED TO PEE!

Trunks: Pan calm down maybe the next Dragon Ball could be on a Planet of Civilization do you think you can hold it for a while?

Pan: Fine but if there isn't I will force myself to pee in my pants and you have to clean up my puddle Trunks...

Trunks: What!? Please tell me you are kidding!?

Pan: Nope, I'm dead serious...

(Kid) Goku: *laughs* Wow Trunks I feel sorry for you!

Pan: And you are going to help him clean up Grandpa.

(Kid) Goku: What!? But why!?

Pan: Have you forgotten who broke the Toilet!

(Kid) Goku: Oh right... *smiles & laughs nervously*

Trunks: (Better Hurry Up to find Civilization on a Planet that has a Dragon Ball or else Pan will pee in her pants on purpose so I won't have to clean up)

Trunks: Giru are we close on getting another Dragon Ball?

Giru: Giru, Giru, Dragon Ball not Found, not Found!

Pan: *squirms & holds Groin Area* Better hurry Trunks I don't think I can hold it anymore

Trunks: Give me a bit more time, please!

Pan: Okay then at least 5 more minutes

(Kid) Goku & Trunks: Eeek!

(Kid) Goku: Trunks hurry up I already cleaned her diapers as an Adult and I don' want to clean her up as a Kid it's ridiculous

Trunks: I'm trying but Giru hasn't pick anything up

[passed 3 minutes]

Pans: I. Can't. Hold it. Anymore!

Trunks: (Dammit it's only been 3 minutes)

(Kid) Goku: Giru is there anything yet?

Giru: Giru, Giru, Dragon Ball Detected, Dragon Ball Detected!

(Kid) Goku & Trunks: Really!? Where!?

Giru: I'll show you *Projects Image on Radar*

(Kid) Goku & Trunks: On. A. Ship. Wreck?...

Pan: Sorry guys I'm already at my limit it's time to release the waterfalls *Smiles*

Trunks: Ah crap please Pan don't!

[Pan readies her position; Sits on Floor, Open Legs Wide, Relaxes Herself]

Pan: *Relieves a Puddle* Aahh *sigh* revenge feels so nice & warm

Trunks: I'll get the mob... Goku, you get the Bucket of Soap Water

Pan: *Laughs & Smiles* Pan you can be such a bad girl (wow I really had to pee that bad it's a good thing I used it against my Grandpa & Trunks, serves them right though)

Pan: (Not gonna lie this actually felt really nice to relieve myself) *stops peeing*

Pan: Wow that's a huge puddle, have fun cleaning you two also Giru can you please repair the Toilet please?

Giru: Sure thing Pan, Giru, Giru.

Before heading to the Ship Wreck they are about to head into trouble...

[Note: This takes place after they left Giru's Home Planet and before getting the Dragon Ball on the Wrecked Ship where there was a Baby Possessed Alien Boy]

*002*2017-09-22 06:14

{{27 minutes ago, poads said:

Nice one.

I found it amusing how you implied that GT isn't canon by referring to it as a "timeline". With the premier of Super, I stopped considering GT to be canon as well, but it will be interesting to see if they ultimately find a way to fit Super in without disrupting GT.

Also, it would be really cool if you got someone to illustrate these stories.

}}

Thanks and I agree it would be nice if I did find someone to illustrate my stories who knows it might happen someday in the future. As for Super to tie in with GT it would be nice just to fix GT and call it GT Kai or something but I just don't see it happening. I was thinking I can tie in one of the Movies to the Canon Material so I can call it an Omorashi Chronicle Special maybe the Revenge Of Cooler can do it unless you have a suggestion for me?

*003*2017-09-22 12:40

Loved it. Are you gonna keep going? I can't think of any other female characters unless ur gonna repeat?

*004*2017-09-22 14:08

{{1 hour ago, Skyde said:

Loved it. Are you gonna keep going? I can't think of any other female characters unless ur gonna repeat?

}}

Glad you loved it and yes I am going to keep on going because I'm on fire. Right now it's not the Female Characters I'm worried about it's the type of story I want to work on. I was thinking of to write one of the Movies to tie in with the Canon Material so I can call it a Omorashi Chronicle Special.

*007*2017-09-22 20:11

{{3 hours ago, poads said:

My best suggestion would be to stop worrying about fitting in your Omorashi Chronicles stories within Dragon Ball canon. I mean, it is cool how we can imagine that the scenario actually happened within the real story of Dragon Ball Z/GT/Super, but does it really matter that much? At the end of the day, as long as it's a well-written account featuring a recognizable character in a situation that they would likely be in within the DB universe, your audience will be satisfied. Plus, this would give you more freedom for coming up with stories. So that's pretty much what I would say - stop worrying about canon in this case and just write about situations that you think would be appropriate. You've already proven yourself to be a strong and creative writer, so I think you would be very good at this.

As for characters, I could make specific suggestions based on my personal tastes, but I don't think it would be helpful towards your creative process. You already know the DB universe very well, and I'm sure you have an idea of who your favorite female characters are, so really you should just pick the ones you have the most fun writing about. I do think you should start reusing characters, as the selection is going to get pretty stale.

It would be really cool if you picked one character you really liked and continuously featured her in your own personal omorashi canon story arch. If you made your plots continuous, you might be able to declare that the character has a sort of wetting problem/habit. I'm not sure what your favorite aspects of omorashi/wetting are, but I'm really partial towards the idea of incontinence and frequent accidents. A bedwetting story would also be nice. But again, it's up to you. If you're more into desperation, close calls, panty-leaks, etc. then focus on those.

Remember, these are your stories. I can make suggestions, but what's most important is that you enjoy writing them.

}}

I see where you are getting at. I'm not really worried about the Canon stuff really I mean I just want to fill in the holes or rewrite some areas to make things more interesting as both a Fan of Dragon Ball & Omorashi. I do have a few favorites really one is my actual favorite character (18) and the one I have a crush on (Chi-Chi). This right here is a NonCanon Material (GT) I used and I decided to make it more fun. Again, I'm not worried I just like to experiment & be a little organize is all so that way I can come up with the story a bit more easy but it does sound pretty challenging to totally make up a story that doesn't involve the Canon Storyline & the NonCanon Materials so I'm going to take your word for it. I'm gonna try my best not to have my stories to get stale because I do not want to repeat the same situations. Thank you for your help & honest thoughts I really appreciate that.

*010*2017-09-25 06:28

{{On 9/23/2017 at 9:40 AM, poads said:

@Ecchi C18 XXX Since you like 18, maybe you could start a story arch where she starts to develop incontinence and have accidents around Krillin. Perhaps caused by her experiencing a malfunctioning body that affects her bladder. You could have this take place after the Buu saga, which is completely wide open, so you could really get creative as possible. Just a suggestion to help you think of ideas.

Also, would you ever consider writing about young Chi Chi from the original Dragon Ball?

}}

Mmmm... I'll take the suggestion in mind. There are other stories I want to write first before getting into that. Right now there's a New Story I just wrote. I think you might like it.

