Endless Space

Author: GermanShepherd

*000*2023-09-16 04:31

I decided to make an omo fanfic of Endless Space in my spare time. And I'll make it your problem now. Feel free to send any feedback besides it being too long, because I know that it's too long.

*click* This is Alina Kriska, an United Imperium citizen with the assigned job of a diplomat. It is the 22nd of August of 3023, and I'm on a mission that could change the course of the whole galaxy. With the deteriorating relationship between the Riftborn and The United Imperium, every nation is at risk of being consumed by Cravers, mindless insectoids that know nothing but to destroy, kill and plunder. I am currently inside an escort ship with a Riftborn taking me to the planet of Noma, inside a solar system in major risk of a Craver invasion, and am expected to land in 4 minutes. My duty is to deliver a marvellous gift from our Great Emperor to the local leader of the Palio solar system and negotiate their protection with us. The fate of millions of lives hinges on this mission and my success. Long live the Emperor. Long live the United Imperium. *click*

μ: (without taking his eyes from the computer) Can your people really protect our system, though?

Alina: What kind of question is that? Of course we can. We have the best fighters, pilots and leaders of the whole galaxy.

μ: Not that I don't trust you, but can you remind me what happened to the Xyx solar system?

Alina: Xyx was only taken because the Lumeris got greedy and tried to take spoils in the middle of the fighting.

μ: (completing Alina's sentence) "the Lumeris got greedy and tried to take spoils in the middle of the battle." Yeah I've heard it before, although it's crazy how, in the census right after that battle, no Lumeris were recorded to die in war efforts.

Alina: …Since when has your kind been capable of being a smartass?

μ: Right after an Imperium diplomat that I am escorting pulled out a tape recorder in plain 4th millennium.

Alina: I'll have you know this is a state of the art recorder. It can even play your recordings backwards.

μ: No wonder you guys are struggling against the Cravers.

Alina: What is that supposed to mean!?

μ: Nothing, ma'am. Don't worry about it.

Alina stares at μ angrily while he stays silent looking at the ship's computer.

μ: You are now entering Riftborn territory, our laws and regulations now apply, as you are an United Imperium citize-

Alina: You don't need to continue, I've studied this, I know the rules.

μ: Well, perfect. Noma is right there.

As the ship approaches a grey, infertile planet, with completely white, featureless buildings coming from the ground as the only defining features, Alina looks out the window and is taken back by the surprising lack of beauty of it all.

Alina: Oh, wow.

μ: I'm sure you're in awe for being able to step on such a perfect planet?

Alina: Uh… Yeah, sure.

μ: This was once an oceanic planet, organic life all around, but through hard work and lengthy research, we were able to turn it into what you're seeing now. The closest thing there is to paradise.

Alina: Incredible. I've heard of that, but seeing is… Really something else.

μ: Beautiful, isn't it?

The computer begins beeping

μ: Oh, we're almost landing, sit tight.

Alina holds on to her chair and closes her eyes in anticipation for shaking, turbulence or a sudden brake, things she was accustomed to with the United Imperium’s ships. After a few seconds of nothing, she opened her eyes and saw μ staring at her

μ: 12 seconds

Alina: What?

μ: I was seeing how long it would take for you to notice we were already on the ground.

Alina: …

μ: Anyways, we’re here. The planetary presidential office is easy to get to, just take this wide boulevard all the way to its end.

Alina: (still taken back by the other line) …Thanks...?

μ: The ship will be ready to take off in 5 hours, so be back by then.

Alina: Alright. Wait, before I go. Could you point me to the bathroom?

μ: Oh dang it, I knew I was forgetting something on this ship.

Alina: What do you mean?

μ: Uh… Well, there's not much to explain, I have forgotten to put a toilet on the ship.

Alina: (annoyed sigh) Okay, do you know where there's a public toilet here in Noma?

μ: You've studied our laws, right?

Alina: Yeah.

μ: So you must remember section 32 of our organic tourism act.

Alina: "Any and all organic matter brought to one of the Federation's systems by any intelligent organic lifeform shall be taken back in their departure", I remember, what's the point?

μ stays silent, and after a few instants it finally clicks in Alina's head what that means for her ability to pee throughout the duration of her stay.

Aline: Wait. Does that mean I'll have to hold it?

μ: Yeah… Sorry. (completely genuine) I know how much you organics like to release salt water through your orifices.

Aline: (pretending to not hear the last remark) Ugh, fine. Okay, it's just 5 hours, I can manage.

μ: Uh, well. Best of luck to ya. I have things to take care of. Bye.

As μ says that, it rapidly leaves the ship, leaving Alina to put on her suit, which she does over her normal clothing. She starts strapping on the suit's torso and legs followed by gloves, boots and, by last, her helmet. She looked down at her abdomen, before shaking her head "Nothing I can do about it now" she told herself as she left the ship and took a briefcase out of the ship's external cargo holder and began walking down the street.

For Alina, it didn't look so much like an avenue, more like a wasteland, a giant trench between two rows of white featureless white blocks. And yet, the streets were lively, Riftbornes walking, talking, working, living their normal, inorganic life. Alina didn't think much about it, as she was more preoccupied with just getting to the system's office as quickly as possible and without drawing attention. "Deep breaths, walk normally, don't make eye contact" she whispered to herself. And she walked, and walked, and walked, for what felt like hours, but was actually just 15 minutes, until she finally reached the system administration’s building, another white building, with the only thing differentiating from the others being big grey letters high up for everyone to read "Administrative System Office".

Alina: Oh, finally.

As she got closer to the building, Alina was stopped by two Riftborn guards, the first of them had a laser rifle in his hands, the second, a lance.

Guard 1: (putting his arm forwards to stop Alina) Woah, woah, woah. Stop right there, sir.

Guard 2: (pointing his lance at the human) Identify yourself and what business you have here.

Alina: (fidgeting a bit) I'm an United Imperium diplomat. I have brought an official gift from the Great Emperor.

Guard 2: Ah, would you look at that, an organic.

Guard 1: What do you have in that briefcase there?

Alina: It's the gift, sir.

Guard 1: Please hand it over.

Alina does as she's told

Guard 1: Have your identification with you?

Alina: Yes, hold on.

Alina immediately begins searching her pockets

Guard 1: No sudden movements, kid.

Guard 2: No funny business either.

The guard with the gun glares at the other, but says nothing.

Alina: Ah, yes. Sorry.

Alina slowly searches for her ID card on her suit, as calmly as she can, which is to say, not that calm, before finding it on her breast pocket.

Alina: Here it is.

Guard 1: Thank you. Keep your eye on her, soldier.

Guard 2: Yes boss.

The first guard takes the briefcase and Alina's ID inside the building as Alina is kept at lance point by the second guard. As a few minutes go by, she begins unconsciously rubbing her legs together.

Guard 2: Don't move.

Alina: (trying to stay as still as possible) I apologise… How long is he going to take?

Guard 2: Time enough to examine your case.

Alina: (sighs) Do you at least have somewhere I can sit?

Guard 2: …Elaborate your reasoning.

Alina: It's to not keep standing, you know?

Guard 2: Well, obviously (approaching its lance to Alina's face) but why?

The sight of the weapon coming closer to her almost makes Alina leak. While she has been around many armed guards in her life, never were their tools pointed at her.

Alina: (bashful and afraid) Uh, we- well, you see… I need to pee.

Guard 2: Explain.

Alina: Wh- what do you want me to explain?

Guard 2: Start by explaining what is this "P" you just mentioned.

Alina: It's… like, a waste product, sir.

Guard 2: (with the lance almost touching Alina's helmet) From what process?

Alina: (with a shaky voice) i-I think from living.

Guard 2: (clearly not believing it) Oh really now?

Alina nods, fearing what the guard will do with the lance.

Guard 2: Then what is that carbon dioxide you organics are so fond about?

Alina: It's another waste product, sir.

Guard 2: Likely story…

Even with its bravado, the guard still knows it is just a soldier, that should not cause problems for its superiors, nor himself, so it's pretty unsure of its actions. The guard thinks a bit, his weapon still very close to Alina's face.

Guard 2: (retreating the lance a bit) Fine, hold on.

The guard looks around, sees only other Riftbornes going about their normal lives, but nothing else that could serve as a chair.

Guard 2: You can sit on the ground. But maintain your hands in view at all times.

Alina: Thanks but I think that would make it worse.

Guard 2: You organics are so damn picky.

Alina didn't respond to that, just pressed her legs together and waited for two more minutes, before the first guard came back with the briefcase.

Guard 1: Soldier θ, you can let her pass. She's registered and has no contraband.

Alina takes a breath of relief as the soldier takes his lance away from her face.

Guard 1: Here are your things. Welcome, diplomat.

Alina: (hurriedly taking her stuff) Thank you, thank you. Bye.

Alina entered the building, walking funny from needing to pee. Right after entering, she was face to face with another Riftborn, who was behind a desk.

Receptionist: Ah, you must be the Imperium's diplomat, welcome, come in. Unfortunately, the governor is in an emergency meeting, but afterwards, he will be free to talk to you. To the right, there are some chairs, fully made for organics, such as yourself. Make yourself at home.

Alina: Right, thanks.

Looking around, the place was a big, bright, white room. It had only a small desk in the middle, where the receptionist stood, and to the right, some metal chairs; although clearly uncomfortable, it was better than nothing. Alina sat down, putting her briefcase beside the chair.

Alina: Ugh.

Upon sitting and finally calming down a bit, she noticed this was the first time that day she truly could take a breather without having anything that demanded her immediate attention. Alina looked around the room, noticed how very white the waiting room was, the lack of decorations, the emptiness of everything around her. It was a good five seconds until a wave of desperation hit Alina's bladder and demanded her full attention. Her arms instinctively went towards her crotch, trying to avoid wetting herself inside her suit. The receptionist, seeing this sudden movement, asks

Receptionist: Do you need assistance?

Alina: (holding herself) You… you wouldn't have a toilet around here, would you?

Receptionist: I’m very sorry, but we unfortunately do not have the infrastructure for that on the planet.

Alina lets out a frustrated whine, even though she completely knew that would be the answer, she still had some hope. After a few seconds, the wave passed, but her bladder was still uncomfortably full. Alina took deep breaths to try to ignore her discomfort for what felt like minutes at a time, but maintained her hands on her groin.

Receptionist: I've heard that breathing too much indicates pain. Are you feeling pain?

Alina: I guess you could say that.

Receptionist: Should we call a medical service? Vanguard has the best organo-hospitals in the galaxy.

Alina: NO! (clears throat) I mean, no, there's no need for that. Thank you.

Receptionist: ...Right.

And again, a strange silence befell the nearly empty room, a deafening lack of any sound, but the occasional muffled speaking inside one of the white walls. Alina fidgeted, waiting for the meeting with the system's governor. As the minutes passed, Alina grew more worried, maybe she wouldn't be able to deliver that gift, maybe the emergency meeting would never end, maybe she would start talking with the governor and have an accident in front of them, maybe she would pee herself right there and then. There would be no way she maintained her job after that. 

She would bring shame to the United Imperium. She would ruin every chance of diplomacy between the Imperium and Riftborns. The whole galaxy will be doomed and it will be all her fault, her and her stupid, weak excuse for a bladder. These thoughts probably weren't true, nor did they help with anything, in fact it did nothing but fill her with more fear and self-doubt, but once they started, Alina couldn't stop thinking them. The train of thought only stopped when what seemed like a wall opened up and a Riftborn came out into the room.

Σ: (to the receptionist) What a pain. Can you believe it? They're gonna take out-

Σ stops talking the moment he notices the diplomat's presence.

Receptionist: Chief. The United Imperium diplomat is here.

Σ turns its head to Alina, examining her, before turning back to the receptionist. It was only for 6 seconds, but Alina felt the stare so intensely, she couldn't help but leak a little, it wasn't visually noticeable, but she could still feel a dampness in her panties.

Σ: Does the Imperium still not know how to do a video call?

Receptionist: According to them, there was a gift they needed to give.

Σ looks again at Alina, although less intensely, then back at the receptionist.

Σ: And they've sent an organic? To this planet? Are you sure?

Receptionist: Yes, chief. I've checked. Twice, even.

Σ: Right. (looks to Alina) You, let's talk at my office.

Alina gets up kind of awkwardly and starts following Σ, pressing her legs together.

Receptionist: Don't forget your briefcase.

Alina: Oh. Oh yeah, sorry.

She goes back to the chairs and picks back the briefcase before walking as fast as she safely can to follow Σ into his office. When both get inside, Σ closes the door, which mimics almost perfectly the smooth texture of the wall. Unless you knew it was there, you couldn't find the door. Σ's office, just like every building she saw up to that point, was very white, very not colourful and very simplistic. In front of the door, there was a desk, with computers and screens on top of it, a window that led to the outside, a white book stand, filled with storage systems and the only decoration Alina sees is a Craver's head mounted high on the wall behind Σ's desk. The latter caught Alina's attention.

Σ: Ah, I see you noticed my trophy.

Alina: Yeah…

Σ: The war has been tough on everyone, but that doesn't mean we can't appreciate a bit of death.

Alina was not very thrilled about that topic. Add that to how she was feeling due to her bladder, and even a machine could notice how uncomfortable she was.

Σ: (whispering to itself) oh god, these organic wimps. (talking to Alina) It's okay, no need to be afraid. It's not completely dead. Just sleeping, still doing organic metabolic processes.

Alina: (shaking her head) No, thanks, it's fine. I've come to talk about business between our empires.

Alina lifts the briefcase and puts one arm under it and uses the other arm to open it. Normally it wouldn't be an issue, but, with Alina's efforts to maintain her continence, her hands were too shaky to properly open the briefcase. If Σ’s face was able to show emotion, it would be cringing at that continuous failure happening in front of it.

Σ: Please stop. Just hold it so I can open.

Alina thanks and puts both arms under the briefcase, so Σ can get it open while very quietly cursing the Imperium and its organic diplomats with weak, unsteady arms. Upon opening though, his demeanour immediately changes.

Σ: (opening the briefcase) Wow…

Alina: (a bit rushed) Governor Σ. We, from the United Imperium, wish to gift your people with our finest luxury products.

Σ: That's… a lot.

Alina: 60 Voidstones and 85 Ionic crystals, sir.

Σ: Well… I'm sure I speak for all Riftbornes when I say we accept and appreciate the gift. (extending its arm to take the case) Send your people our deepest thanks. Now with that out of the way, what's the catch?

Alina: huh?

Σ: There's no way you are here just because of that gift. What else have you come here to do?

Alina: (nervously fidgeting) Well… You not wrong… There was, indeed, another thing the United Imperium wanted to talk about…

Σ: Of course there was. What is it? And stop talking like that, I can barely hear you.

Alina: (speaking very fast) We have reason to believe this system is under threat of an invasion. Sir.

Σ: Ok. I'm aware of that. And you don't need to end with "sir", I'm not your superior.

Alina: The United Imperium requests for permission to land military ships to help with the efforts in defending the system. Uhm, please?

Σ: Sure. Go ahead.

Alina: Permission granted?

Σ: Permission granted

Alina: Just like that?

Σ: Yes. Although we wouldn't object to more gifts like this.

Considering the many United Imperium defeats against the Cravers, she expected some resistance to the idea. But, that answer made things way simpler and faster for the diplomat.

Σ: Do you have anything else to talk about? If not, can you go now? We'll be very busy now.

Alina: Thank you, sir. We will not fail this system.

Alina turns around, takes a deep breath and begins walking to the door, although with a little difficulty, leaving Σ with a great gift and lost in thought. Finishing this, she would only need to reach the ship, even without a toilet, there must be some bottle, some empty canister, anything she could pee into.

Σ: Actually…

The diplomat stops in her tracks, pressing her legs together. To be called again, after thinking it was over, made Alina's heart skyrocket. Did Σ change his mind? Did she make a wrong move? Was she disrespectful at some point? Did he notice she was rushing things? The silent panic she's in puts extra pressure on her bladder, felt as a wave of desperation.

Alina: (with a shaky voice) Yes, sir?

Σ: I want you to inform your superiors the following: the Grand Viceroy has plans to take away any Riftborn ships and armies from the system.

Alina: (turning to Σ) I'm sorry, what do you mean?

Σ: The Imperium will be on its own in this battle. All our forces are being taken to Vanguard. Of course, I will stand my ground and fight. But if the United Imperium decides against aiding the system after this information, I understand.

Alina sighs as her panic subsides, it was just some information to take to her boss. Although her desperation continues increasing.

Alina: (clearly wanting to finish the conversation as quickly as possible) I see, I'll let them know.

Σ: …thank you

Alina gives a nod, walks to where the office's exit is supposed to be, trying her hardest to not have her desperation known, and notices that she has no idea how to leave.

Σ: Oh yeah. It doesn't work with organics.

The Riftborn approaches the door in front of Alina. Without him doing anything, it immediately opens.

Alina: Thank you, sir.

Walking as fast as she can, Alina crosses the white waiting room. With her arms glued to her side, resisting the urge to hold her crotch.

Receptionist: Goodbye.

Alina: Yeah, bye.

After Alina exits the building, she passes by the two guards, standing in their places. The guard with the gun asks the diplomat to stop, and she obliges.

Alina: (visibly distressed) What is it now?

Guard 1: You are almost running. That's very suspicious.

Guard 2: Certainly not normal.

Guard 1: One could say you are trying to flee the building.

Guard 2: Maybe after doing something wrong.

Alina: I'm just walking.

Guard 1: Walking faster than normal.

Guard 2: Really fast.

Guard 1: You could bump on other people.

Guard 2: Imagine the damage you'll cause.

Guard 1: Soldier θ, will you stop it?

Guard 2: …Sorry captain.

Alina: (rubbing legs together) Okay. I apologise, can I please go now.

Guard 1: Before, we'll have to check if you have stolen anything.

Alina: I did not! What would I even steal from you? We're from allied nations.

Guard 1: It's just the rules, kid, we have very important things. Now put your legs apart.

Alina grunts as she, with difficulty, separates her thighs without losing control. While the guard frisks her legs, a spasm hits Alina's bladder and she loses a spurt into her panties, which becomes saturated.

Alina: Aah!

Out of instinct, her hands jump to hold her crotch, to the annoyance of the Riftbornes.

Guard 2: (Pointing his lance at Alina) It's for you to stay still.

Alina: I'm sorry, I apologise. It's just-

Guard 1: Soldier, stand down. And you, diplomat, better pipe down as well. You are from an allied nation, so I'll be nice. Put your arms extended to the side of your body.

Alina complies, with difficulty. Taking her arms from her crotch, she can feel a few drops coming through her urethra, but she can do nothing but hope that it doesn't show through. The guard palpates the arms, finding nothing, and then moves to her torso, from the upper body, moving down.

Guard 1: Hmm, what is this?

The Riftborn asks as it presses on a hard lump on Alina's abdomen.

Alina: (arms going down) Aah. Pl- please don't squeeze it, it's my bladder.

Guard 1: Hmm, a what? Adder?

Alina: Bladder. It's an organ.

Guard 2: (to the captain) I don't remember seeing that condyle on its belly before.

Guard 1: (to the soldier) Organs grow, although… (back to the human) What does it do?

Alina: Huh!?

Guard 1: This should be an easy question for an organic, don't you agree? If it grew while you were inside the governor's building, there must have been a reason.

Alina: (very embarrassed) Well… You see… I… it's…

Guard 2: Come on, spit it out.

Alina: It stores pee, okay!? It's full, it's completely filled. Can I please go already?

Alina feels very ashamed to have to say this, although the guards don't understand the taboo, nor what any of that means. The Riftborn captain takes a moment to think with the other guard, meanwhile Alina's legs pressed and rubbed together.

Guard 1: Hmm… Soldier θ, what do you think of that?

Guard 2: Well, it did mention this "P" before as a waste product. If it's a lie, it's a coherent one.

Guard 1: Hmm… Why would an organ store a waste product?

Guard 2: Uhm… Good question. Any answers, diplomat?

Alina: It just does, okay? And if you don't empty it, it does so by itself.

Guard 2: By itself?

Alina: Yeah!

The Riftborn with the gun mulls it over.

Guard 1: …Alright. Please, go now.

Although it doesn't fully trust what is being said, it also doesn't want to risk filthying that perfect planet with an organic's waste product, nor create a possible conflict over an undue arrest.

Alina: Ah, thank you. Thank you so much.

With both hands in her groin, the human begins running back to the ship. Practically hopping foot to foot.

Guard 2: Are you sure that was the right call?

Guard 1: We don't don't have anything stored in spheres. So whatever it truly was, it wasn't from here.

For Alina, her full bladder feels so full, so uncomfortable, modesty be damned, she just does whatever it took to not completely lose control. In her mind, everyone sees what she's doing and everyone is judging her for it. While, indeed, everyone can see her doing an almost potty dance, only a few, if any, Riftbornes know what it means. Not that it makes a difference for Alina, the pressure inside her only gets stronger, the shame only burns worse and her dignity only drains faster. "I can do it. I can do it." She told herself, even without believing it. After about 8 minutes of nearly running (plus 5 minutes of stopping in her tracks to avoid leaking during waves of desperation), she finally reaches the ship. With the pilot outside talking with a shopkeeper from one of the stores around.

μ: …so there he was, helmet off, water and salt still pouring from every single pore in his skin. Looking more soggy than a Lumeris.

The shopkeeper laughs.

Shopkeeper: Man, how do you manage to stay sane dealing with organics?

μ: A lot of work mandated thera-

Alina: Pilot!

μ: Ah, look who's back. This is Alina, the Imperium human I'm escorting today. Alina, this is κ, a friend.

Shopkeeper: Hello.

Alina: (visibly agitated, hands on crotch) Yeah, that's nice. Can you open the ship?

μ: Well, we still have to wait for a few more hours to take off.

Alina: Just open it!

μ: Fine, calm down. No need to yell.

μ takes a white remote control that was connected to him through a magnet and presses a button. A side door opens and Alina enters it as fast as she can without losing control.

κ: What's wrong with that one?

μ: (following Alina inside the ship) Organic problems. Talk to you later, κ, probably with a new story to tell.

κ: Alrighty, bye.

After μ enters the ship and goes through the pressurisation room, it notices Alina, on her knees, legs shut tight together, her helmet on the floor and her suit half open, with one hand leaning on the wall, the other on her crotch, breathing heavily as she's trying to hold through another wave of desperation.

μ: Wow, you really are not okay.

Alina: Please tell me you have a bucket, bottle, anything like that!

μ: How will they help?

Alina: I don't want to make a mess on the floor.

μ: I thought you said you could hold.

Alina: Nevermind that! Please help me.

μ: Uhm… Let me think…

A spurt escapes the human's bladder, the urine soaking through her undies and into her suit, causing Alina to panic even more.

Alina: Think faster!

μ: I have a few empty container boxes in the back. They're way too heavy to move them myself.

Alina: Take me there.

μ: You can barely walk, I'd have to carry you.

Alina: Yes, just please, don't- don't let me make a mess here.

Alina is nearly crying from a mixture of embarrassment and pain stemming from her situation. μ thinks about the human's request for a second.

μ: Fine.

μ picks up Alina, leaving the suit on the ground, and begins carrying her like a lumberjack with a log.

Alina: Eek!

Upon being supported on μ's shoulder, the point of contact between Alina and μ becomes her abdomen, putting pressure onto her poor bladder with each step her carrier took, sometimes leaking a drop here or there. μ did not notice this, the machine just continued walking to the back of the ship, hoping, praying, that that diplomat wouldn't lose control on top of him. That worry was also shared by Alina, who felt herself constantly on the edge of letting go. The rhythm of μ's gait, although uncomfortable, was also a reassuring reminder that Alina would be able to finally relieve herself. Until it suddenly stopped.

Alina: Did we reach it?

μ: No. We're waiting on the door to the cargo area.

Alina: Is… is it not working?

μ: It just takes a few seconds to open. Hang on.

Alina: Nngh, I'm trying…

She whined. While they waited for the door to open, the only sounds to break the silence were of Alina's muffled agony. Until μ got moving once more, with no prior warning. This surprise was too much for Alina to bear and her tired sphincter relaxed for the first time in a long time.

Alina: Aaaahh. No…

μ: (completely monotone) This is unpleasant in so many ways.

Once started, she could not hold it again. Her golden liquid continued flowing, soaking through her panties, falling on μ and dripping down to the floor. Despite it all, the feeling of peeing after holding it for so long was pure bliss. μ continued walking, even if Alina was already peeing herself, it didn't exactly know what to do to manage the situation except finish what it started, especially since they were already so close to that cargo container.

μ: Here it is.

The Riftborn said while taking Alina from its shoulder and putting her, on both knees, inside an open metallic chest. Alina may have already been emptying herself for a few seconds, but still had much more to release inside that box.

Alina: Haaah…

The diplomat's mind was blank, with little to no thoughts, except the relief she felt as her bladder pushed more and more urine out. In contrast to μ, who was watching, half disgusted, half in awe, as the puddle inside the chest turns into a pool, and that pool begins rising before Alina was finally finished. It took a few seconds before the human finally processed what happened. Her bottom half was soaked, she just pissed herself right in front of an allied nation's pilot after being carried by it to use a cargo container as a toilet. What kind of self-respecting adult would ever do something like that? The shame, the humiliation, the powerlessness, Alina felt terrible and could not fight the tears any longer as she began crying. The pilot got closer and began patting her back.

μ: Uhm… there, there

For the Riftbornes, tears were just as weird as anything coming out of organic lifeforms, but μ at least knew a bit of what they meant.

μ: Hey, look on the bright side. It was in a private ship, so you didn't break any rule.

That did not help, Alina was still sobbing.

μ: Human, what's the problem? Is getting yourself wet this bad?

Alina: I couldn't hold myself, I made a mess in your ship, on you. During my first mission, no less. And here I am, in a chest full of pee, crying to a Riftborn about it. I am a failure, an embarrassment to the United Imperium. I shouldn't be a diplomat, I can't even keep myself dry.

μ: oh

Although not understanding the big issue, the Riftborn floated closer and got lower, offering its clean shoulder to Alina to cry on. It didn't exactly know why it was doing that, but it once saw humans doing so, and apparently it should help.

μ: You can lean on it to cry if you want.

Alina: (sniff) thanks…

A few seconds of silence broken up by Alina's whimpering go by, before any of them speaks anything.

μ: Why do you think you are a failure?

Alina: Even kids know how to wait to use the bathroom. Why couldn't I?

μ: …Because we don't have any.

Alina: (sighs) You wouldn't understand.

μ stayed silent as it thought a bit about that last line. Alina, too, was silent, while she thought about how everyone would be thinking less of her. Then, from the lower extremity of what could be considered its abdomen, a black liquid came out.

μ: (monotone, but trying to feign some emotion) Oh no. It seems my oil from my engine has leaked. How very humiliating.

Alina's thought process was stopped, as a small smirk formed in Alina's saddened face. Riftbornes didn't leak like that and she knew it. But seeing

μ: Every Riftborn knows our reactors are supposed to be maintained, how could I have been so stupid.

That little theatre of μ's took a few chuckles out of Alina. She was already feeling way better.

Alina: (wiping tears off her face) Dummy, you know it isn't the same thing, right?

μ: Woe is me. Now that I had my accident, forever will I be known as a "dummy".

Alina laughs. It was such a dumb bit, if it was any human making that joke, it probably wouldn't be funny at all. But in her situation, a little humour from a Riftborn was more than welcomed. After laughing, she stands up, her legwear and panties soaked and dripping with piss.

Alina: Okay, this is enough moping around. I need to clean myself, I am feeling gross.

μ would confirm that her whole kind is indeed gross, but decided to keep quiet about it.

μ: Did you bring any other human clothing?

Alina: No... I haven't brought any.

μ: Well, we still have about 3 hours, maybe 3 and a half before we can leave. Unless you want to get rusting, you should find a way to dry out. The atmosphere here is vacuum, all that water will boil instantly.

Alina: I will die if I go out to "dry".

μ: Oh, you'll figure something out, I'm sure of it. Anyways, I will be outside, with κ. If you want to properly introduce yourself, you're free to try again.

Alina: Yeah, thanks.

Both get out of the cargo room and μ leaves the ship through the airlock, Alina checks her suit, which, despite it all, is surprisingly dry, just a bit damp on the crotch. Although, to avoid it getting wet, she had to put it on while bottomless, which was uncomfortable, but unavoidable considering her situation. After suiting up, she goes outside to talk with both Riftbornes and wait for time to pass. A bit over three hours passed, μ and Alina went back to the ship. While waiting, Alina asked.

Alina: Say, μ, we barely know each other, why did you help me?

μ: I am a machine, diplomat, not a monster. Who wouldn't help someone in distress? Even if they were an organic like you.

And that was the biggest lesson she kept from her first real job.

*003*2023-09-17 04:38

{{4 hours ago, Tentacool said:

Glad to see you actually finished your project, buddy! Commenting here to hopefully help get some more engagement in, you deserve it! ❤️

}}

Aw, thanks lad. Really appreciate your comment.

*004*2023-10-05 02:02

Gonna be honest, not sure how to feel about this one. Hope you guys like it.

Another day, another round of deals that break several galactic laws, but are surprisingly legal under the Four Families. At least that was how the evening of Rizbo, a lumeris “black market” merchant, went trying to sell a rifle to a tough customer.

Rizbo: I’m telling ya, this bad boy can shred through any Riftborn armor. That’s why it costs so much.

Craver: How about this? I give you 2000 units of dust for the weapon.

Rizbo: The price is 3000, this is made of the best materials known to the galaxy, I guarantee it, my good sir.

Craver: 2200 and I don’t turn you into sushi afterwards.

Rizbo: …Mate, you’re in a public mall threatening someone with death. If anyone wanted to, they could alert security and get you arrested. Either you accept 3200 or no deal.

Craver: You goddamn slug! It was 3000 just now! Do you know who you're dealing with?

Rizbo: A bishop, I imagine, considering how smart you are for coming here for your armament needs.

Craver: So you know about how our, cravers, society works. So you should also know what we do with scamming little aliens such as you.

Rizbo: I understand, sir, but ya know how it is with inflation, rising costs and things like that, innit? Especially with how much this place charges to pay the security team, it's a fortune. Selling this low is putting me in the red, actually.

There is absolutely no fear in the lumeris' voice while bullshitting the four armed menace, he actually finds it almost fun seeing that giant bug fuming with anger. He knows that, if they were alone, the craver would no doubt be removing the gills from his neck, but they look around. There are all kinds of people around, from humans to riftbornes, horatios to hisshos, along with plenty of guards patrolling the plaza. No other cravers could be seen, no easy way to leave the scene. The security is armed to the teeth with weapons, armor and general equipment against nearly every single situation that might arise in that capitalist haven. The Four Families is anything but stingy with their markets’ defense.

Rizbo: So, what do you say? 3200 is not so much for cutting edge technology against your enemies.

Craver: (angrily) Fine. I can give you 2500, and a few pieces of titanium.

Rizbo: How many?

Craver: …11 pieces.

They count the pieces and show the lumeris, who does some quick math in his head. Unbeknownst to the bishop, that was nearly 900 dust worth of titanium.

Rizbo: Perfect. You got yourself a done deal. And the best one there is, I tell ya. You couldn’t find better weapons this cheap anywhere else.

He says while gladly accepting the pieces of titanium and a big pouch of dust.

Craver: Now. Give me.

Rizbo: (handing the rifle) Sure thing, sir.

The insectoid turns around to leave the store while putting the weapon inside a bag to hide it.

Rizbo: Great doing business with you, come back soon.

After the craver leaves, a lumeris dressed in security uniform pops her head into the store, prompting Rizbo to close the shop and take a walk around the shopping center. Passing by countless stores, restaurants, bars, loan shark offices, brothels and several other service providers, most very illegal under galactic law, and yet completely acceptable in the empire.

Milzya: That has been what? The fourth one?

Rizbo: Correct, as always.

Milzya: And you broke the market's rule and sold firearms to them, didn’t you?

Rizbo: Well, I guess you could say that. Although, I’m not sure fancy peashooters could be considered guns.

Milzya: You're gonna get yourself killed, someday, you know that, right?

Rizbo: True, counter argument, though. I gave them what they bought, a weapon.

Milzya: And I don't mean just by the cravers, I mean by the Four Families, what will you do if they find out you're giving cravers access to firearms?

Rizbo: This reminds me, here’s your cut for staying quiet. (handing a pouch of dust to Milzya)

Milzya: I’m being serious, Rizbo, what's gonna happen if the chief discovers it.

Rizbo: I am serious too, can’t expect you to put your job at risk without some kind of compensation.

Milzya: You really don't get it, do you?

Both of them turn a corner, before getting in front of a bar/pharmacy (a barmacy) with a sophon behind the counter.

Rizbo: (passing through the door) Hey, Fey!

Feynmer: Already here? Did the holidays come early today?

Rizbo: You bet.

He puts three pouches full of dust on the counter in front of a bowl filled with colorful candy with a sticker written "for day shift, do not eat".

Feynmer: Wow... Mil, how many rules did he break for this?

Milzya: I've been paid very well to not say.

Rizbo: Oh, nevermind that, how much for a cup of Hydromiel?

Feynmer: 38 dust.

Rizbo: Great, two rounds of it.

Milzya: I’m not gonna drink anything.

Rizbo: (less excited) Oh. Make that only one, Feyn.

Milzya: Well, I got a job to do. You two boys have fun.

Milzya leaves the store, going back to where she was supposed to keep watch.

Rizbo: (sigh) I have no chance with her, do I?

Feynmer: I don't think so. She’s a security guard, you’re a merchant. She wants, most of all, safety, and you work by… Doing whatever you did to get all this dust. The fact she even walks with us is a wonder in itself.

Rizbo sighs yet again and rests his forehead on the counter.

Feynmer: (seeing the gloomy expression on the lumeris) I'll get the Hydromiel.

While Feynmer is turned around, busy making the drink, the lumeris lifts up his head a little bit and looks at the candy bowl, it's clearly not meant for customers to take any, but "ah, who cares" Rizbo thinks before eating one. It had a bitter aftertaste like coffee candy, but tasty nonetheless.

Feynmer: (putting a mug near Rizbo's head) Here you go.

Rizbo: Yeah, thanks

Rizbo spent the next few hours at the bar, talking to the workers and the regulars from there, while drinking a few more rounds of Hydromiel. He wasn't as hyper as normally, but the combination of alcohol and lads to talk and joke with made for a pretty nice time.

Rizbo: Excuse me a bit, I need to go to the restroom.

No matter how advanced a species is, nature always calls, so the lumeris goes to the toilet, undoes his pants, takes aim and… Nothing comes out.

Rizbo: huh…

That's certainly strange, his bladder is full, he does need to pee. So he tries again, and again. In the urinal, in the stall, standing, sitting, squatting, upside down, whichever way he could think of, but still, not a single drop even leaked. At some point he gives up and pulls his pants back up, leaving the men's room with an awkward gait, Rizbo asks the sophon, who is washing a few dirty mugs.

Rizbo: Feynmer, you're the smartest person I know. I need your help with something.

Feynmer: (sigh) Yes, it is still a war crime to make a weapon using toilet cleaners. You can find millenia old docum-

Rizbo: No, no, no. Not with that again, I still remember it, very clearly. Those were 3 hours of my life that I will never get back.

Feynmer: Well then, with what?

Rizbo: Let's say I got a problem, and you could have something to help.

Feynmer: I'm not a doctor, Riz, I can't prescribe medication.

Rizbo: Yeah, I know. But don't see it as you prescribing anything. See it as you, uhhh, telling me a science fact about medicine. Namely, what drug works against being unable to use the bathroom.

Feynmer: (stops washing the mugs to look at Rizbo) …You can't pee?

The lumeris silently shakes his head, blushing a little bit.

Feynmer: That didn't happen before now?

Rizbo: Yeah, that's right.

Feynmer: (thinking) Did you drink or eat anything besides the miel?

Rizbo: I don't think so.

Feynmer: Are you sure, anything like the candy made to prank the day shift?

And he finally remembered.

Rizbo: Oh. Well, let's say that it was possible that I did eat one, what does it mean?

Feynmer: Besides that you're retarded. You ate a trospium infused sugar ball, you can't relax your bladder's sphincter anymore.

Rizbo: Hey, I'll have you know that I am not retarded. It looked, smelled and tasted like completely normal candy.

Feynmer: Like candy from a bowl written "do not eat", in bright red letters. Even for you, that's an incredible amount of dumbassery.

Rizbo tried to find a retort, but couldn't think of one.

Rizbo: Fine, we shall agree to disagree, what do I do now?

Feynmer: You wait it out.

Rizbo: For how long?

Feynmer: No clue. Might be a few hours, might be a week, depends on how your body responds.

Rizbo: Oh no, this is bad. How will I be able to work like this?

Feynmer: Just today you got enough dust to last for a month.

Rizbo: Yeah, but an invasion somewhere is nearby. It's the opportunity of a lifetime for a weapon's dealer like me.

Feynmer: Every other day some planet gets invaded. Look, just go home, sleep until tomorrow, if you're still unable to pee, we'll worry about it then.

Rizbo: (trying to convince himself) Okay, okay. Everything will be fine.

He says, while pressing his legs together.

Feynmer: That's the spirit.

Rizbo: I'll just sleep it out, right?

Feynmer: Yeah, correct. Unless it isn't.

Rizbo: Just say yes.

Feynmer: Fine, let's see... (in a theatrical manner) You're absolutely right, you will certainly pee by tomorrow. There's no doubt, your urethra will work really well.

Rizbo: (in a joking manner) Okay, now that just sounded weird, man. Never say those words in that order again.

Feynmer: Hah, sure. Now go home before you piss yourself in here. (returns to washing the mugs)

Rizbo: Heh, yeah, bye.

The arms seller leaves the "barmacy" and walks to the mall's exit. He thought of passing through where Milzya is normally stationed to see if she was still on duty, but the slight, yet continuous pain in his crotch made him decide against it, so he headed out. It was already night, so she wouldn't be working at that moment anyways. The badly lit streets are deserted, fitting for a desert planet, only inside commercial buildings does it seem like there's any life in the city. It was for his favor though, he thought, since no one would see him wet himself in case the candy's effect ran out right then and there.

Rizbo: I don't even know if that would be worse than continuing like this.

He talked quietly to himself. Before he could reach a conclusion to his thought, the run-down residential building was finally in front of him. In his apartment he could finally take off his pants, removing a bit of the pressure on his bladder, but still, the pain continued. Looking down, he could see a slight bulge below his stomach.

Rizbo: Okay. Time to eat something and sleep.

He wasn't exactly hungry, but to maintain some sense of normalcy in that weird state of his, a dinner would do nicely. Nothing too fancy, just some human food, "And what's better than rice and beans in a can" a lot of things actually, but at least Rizbo would occupy his mind with something other than his aching bladder.

Rizbo: (trying to open the can) Come on, why do they make this thing so hard?

Not only was it not designed with the lumeris soft, slightly moist morphology in mind, Rizbo's hands were also a little shaky from the discomfort, causing him to take a long time trying to take off that can's top.

Rizbo: Aah!

Suddenly, the lumeris' bladder squeezed itself to force the urine out, but not a single drop left through his penis and the only thing it achieved was making Rizbo double over in pain. Due to the sudden sting, his free hand instinctively shot to his groin.

Rizbo: (breathing deeply) Aagh… Goddamn.

As that series of contractions stopped, and the pain got manageable again, the lumeris looked at his other hand and noticed that it involuntarily clutched hard enough to smash the sides of the can, stuffing the lid.

Rizbo: (not fully recovered from before) I guess that's one way.

Even with his hands shakier than ever, the stuffed top made it way easier to get that sad excuse for a dinner open. He then ate it with a spoon, only stopping halfway through as a wave of desperation hitting almost made him choke.

Rizbo: (coughing) Alright, that's enough.

He puts the half eaten can in the fridge and walks to the bedroom. It takes a very short walk, his place wasn't big, but it was an agonizing one, as each step reminded of his need, currently impossible to fulfill. Still, quickly enough he was thinking to himself "I just need to sleep, tomorrow everything will be fine" while staring down his "bed". Not really a bed, but more like a big fish tank filled halfway with water, lumeris are still an aquatic species afterall, and that planet wasn't humid enough for comfort. After taking off the rest of the clothing and getting inside the bed, which rose the water level to cover Rizbo's entire body, he finally asked himself

Rizbo: How the hell will I sleep like this?

His bladder ached for relief, but he could do nothing but continue trying to sleep. Over the course of hours, Rizbo remained awake, maybe taking a few naps interrupted by intense contractions as the bulge in his waist got larger and more painful. With no solution available, he could only roll over to find more comfortable poses to try to sleep. It felt like an eternity, but, just as fast as the time goes, the time went, the morning came, and the alarm clock started blasting.

*BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP*

Rizbo: (groaning) Shut uuup.

He got up from his aquarium, slowly, as the only things in his mind were the blur of a terrible night and a throbbing pain in his abdomen. Checking his lower body, his bladder was now completely distended, the bump above his crotch was clear for anyone to see. A slight, curious touch on it brought Rizbo to his knees and made him whine as the muscles of his lower abdomen heavily contracted in response.

Rizbo: (gasping) Oh, god!

A few seconds were needed to recover from that one and standing up took each ounce of control to not fall back to his knees. If he wanted to leave his house, he would need to put on some bottomwear, which, considering his state, was a problem, but lumeris weren't known for giving up easily, at least not when there's dust in the line. With difficulty, Rizbo began putting on his pants, covering his legs and groin, but left the belt just below the bulge. For his upper body, a big, loose shirt to cover his expanded gut and a slick jacket for the style. Fully clothed, breathing deeply and with trembling legs, he leaves his apartment to get to his shop. The way may not be very lengthy, yet it took a long time since every second felt like the start of a violent pelvic cramp.

Rizbo: (sigh) ah, fuck.

He eventually reached the plaza and leaned on its walls, quietly cursing his situation before slowly walking to his shop. It wasn't as early as the time he normally got there, which meant it wasn't as calm as he knew. Anyone who looked at Rizbo could see him bent forwards, his gait irregular and the expression of desperation on his face. As his store entered into view, a very familiar voice called from behind him.

Milzya: (sounding worried) Oi, Rizz.

"Please, not now. Not like this." He thought before starting to act like "normal".

Rizbo: (leaning his back on the wall) Heeeey, if it isn't the gal of the hour.

Milzya: You are very screwed

Rizbo: You can't even imagine.

Milzya: So you already know?

Rizbo: Probably not. What is it? What trouble am I in now?

Milzya: Fermata wants to talk to you.

Rizbo breathes in before letting out a long sigh

Rizbo: Again?

Milzya: Yeah, sorry.

Rizbo: Do you know what it wants?

Milzya: What do you think?

Rizbo: To rip my head off.

Milzya: Probably.

Rizbo: This is some terrible timing.

Milzya: I think it was on purpose.

Rizbo: But then how would it have known?

Milzya: Literally everyone in this mall has noticed this. Why wouldn't an umbral choir?

Rizbo: Did you notice?

Milzya: You didn't?

Rizbo: What are you talking about anymore?

Milzya: The major influx of cravers coming here, what were you talking about?

Rizbo: Oh, that… Umm… I can explain later, but right now, where is that sentient fart?

Milzya: You're gonna have to explain really well later, then.

Rizbo: Yeah, alright, where is it?

The guard looks to Rizbo's weapon store as if she pointed to it.

Rizbo: Oh man, Really?

Milzya: Yeah…

The merchant sighs loudly and moves one hand to his forehead. "What a pain, and today, no less" he thought.

Rizbo: Can you tell me that everything will be fine?

Milzya: I'm sure you'll do well, Rizz. Everything will be fine.

Rizbo: (joking) You're a terrible liar, Mizzy.

Milzya: (joking back) I agree, nothing will go right and you will die of death.

Rizbo: Dear god, you mean to say people as beautiful as me still die?

And they both laughed, although Rizbo was way more reserved on doing so, since each giggle worsened the pressure on his crotch.

Rizbo: (breathing deeply) Alright. I'm going now. If I'm not out in one hour, call the cops.

Milzya: I don't think they will help you. But don't worry, I'll be here after you're done with the chief.

Rizbo: Thanks.

He leaves the wall and walks to enter his store forcing his back straighter than a ramp, walking away from Milzya, which hid his bladder bulge from her, meanwhile she takes his spot leaning her own back on the wall, and observes the plaza.

After entering his shop, closing the door and making sure that Milzya couldn't see him, Rizbo collapsed to his knees, breathing heavily, with his arms over his abdomen and eyes watering. The pain is enough to make him holler in pain, but if he were to yell, his friend right outside would no doubt hear him, and so, he kept it in. Using a nearby display table as support, he managed to get himself on his feet, even with his legs trembling. "It's okay, breathe in, breathe out" he told himself, trying to maintain control over his body. In one of his breaths, though, a chemical stench filled his nose causing him to cough out some black smoke. Looking up, a cloud of bluish dark smoky figure with bright red eyes stared back at him. The gaseous entity, an umbral choir, with an echoing voice started speaking

Fermata: Ah, Rizbo. I was waiting for you. Have you gained some weight since I last saw you?

Rizbo: (I between breaths) What is it you want, Fermata?

Fermata: Please, call me Lare.

The lumeris rolls his eyes and waits for the choir to just answer already.

Fermata: Alright, suit yourself if you don't want to, it won't change anything. You see, a little birdy told me that a few cravers came here yesterday, and the day before yesterday, and the one before that, and every single day throughout the last week.

Rizbo: What you mean to say is that the pigeons here are indeed cameras?

Fermata: Don't change the subject. Why would a craver come to an arms dealer's shop?

It took a while before the lumeris noticed that wasn't a rhetorical question.

Rizbo: …To buy arms. But you see, we can forg-

Fermata: (interrupting) Exactly! To buy arms, weapons, guns, ammo powered kaboom machines, however you want to call them.

Lare Fermata suddenly flings onto the lumeris, and, despite being made out of gas, it carries enough force to knock him back into a wall and pin him on it.

Fermata: And do you know what is one of the only rules in this market!?

The force the choir makes against Rizbo forces his bladder to contract. His instinct was to scream, but he bit his lip and stayed silent, as it would be heard by anyone who was outside.

Fermata: Oh yeah, that's right! "Armed cravers pose a major threat to everything and everyone around them. So no one under the Four Families jurisdiction shall, without express previous authorization from the council, sell any weapons to any of them."

The umbral choir is compressing itself onto the wall, pressing the lumeris's torso and limbs even more. What was a fairly common practice for Fermata against rule-breakers, at that moment, for Rizbo, could be considered torture. A burning, throbbing pain, the type of which he never felt before, spreading through his gut and groin.

Fermata: And I know you know this, because the last time I came here, you said you wouldn't do it again. I even made you recite it to make sure you knew. So why did you break your promise? Did you ask for permission from the council? I didn't think so.

Rizbo could barely understand what the black figure was saying, in part due to the echoing losing cohesion as Lare got angrier, but mostly due to the excruciating pain on his inflated abdomen taking every morsel of attention he could have.

Rizbo: I- I'm sor- ry

Fermata: (squeezing Rizbo as hard as possible) You're sorry. OH, YOU'RE SORRY!? Ah, why did you say so earlier? I guess the weapons you sold the goddamned cravers will not put all of us at risk then, since you're sOoOoOrry!

From this point on, the umbral choir started to become unintelligible, each echo of his speaking differently, making a cacophony of confusing, but definitely furious voices. Although the pressure was squeezing all the liquid inside of him, only a tiny drop left his body into his pants. After many more seconds of being compressed against the wall, it stops, Rizbo is released from the hold, being dropped on the floor. The burning inside his abdomen continues, but at least it's not getting worse. Fermata moves around the shop, thinking silently for a bit, before approaching the lumeris agonizing on the ground.

Fermata: …You do know what I'm supposed to do now, right?

Rizbo can do nothing but pant, trying to deal with the pain. The bulge over his crotch throbbed, trying to expulse all the pee stored in his irritated, tired bladder. For the second time, a drop left through his urethra, but his sphincter still couldn't actually relax.

Fermata: (sigh) I guess I overdid it.

The gaseous being floats to the store's door, passing through the gaps of the portal. Looking around, a female lumeris security guard nearby captured his sight. She was tapping her foot and looked worried with something, but seemed to not be busy with anything.

Fermata: Hey, you, security employee.

Milzya: Who, me?

Fermata: Yeah, you, come here, I need your help with something.

Milzya: Is something wrong?

Fermata: Not really, I just need you to bring someone to a hospital.

Milzya: What!?

She ran inside the shop to see Rizbo coiled up on the floor with his eyes closed, one arm over his bulging abdomen and the other on his crotch, pained grunts and whimpers coming from him.

Milzya: Rizbo!

Immediately, he opened his watery eyes and looked at the Milzya, before putting his hands on the ground, trying to stand up.

Rizbo: (In between fast, shallow breaths) M- Mil- zzy!

Rizbo's limbs are too shaky for him to support himself on them. So the attempt to get off the floor results in him falling back down and hitting his expansive bulge on the ground, eliciting a yelp from the merchant as another drop passes through his penis.

Milzya: Dear god! chief, what did you do to him!?

She asks before running up to the fallen, doubled over lumeris

Fermata: The usual rule-breaker treatment, but then he just collapsed after.

He answers while doing the umbral choir equivalent to shrugging.

Milzya: Rizbo, I'll take you to a hospital, hold on!

Rizbo: Pl- ease… leave.

He didn't want to Milzya to see him like that, especially now that the trospium's effect seemed to be waning.

Milzya: It's okay, you will be okay.

Rizbo: Noo… wait

She picks Rizbo up and puts one of his arms around her back, while the other one stays wrapped around the bulge on his gut.

Milzya: Please, hold on.

With some difficulty due to the weight, she walks to the door, each step she took made his bladder bounce and led him to let out a quiet, but still hearable whimper.

Fermata: Oh, guard, no need to write a report about this, okay? I'll deal with it.

She ignores Fermata, who is starting a phone call, and continues on through the , with the merchant on her arms.

Rizbo: …stop… please…

Milzya: We're almost there, Rizz, you'll be okay.

They weren't, in fact, almost there, but it felt like the correct thing to say. After a couple of seconds, she felt something warm and wet on her arms. Fearing it to be blood, she looked down, but saw no red stains. From Rizbo's perspective, for the first time in at least the last 12 hours, he felt his sphincter relaxing, probably at the worst time and place for it to feel. Even with the agony of a still overfilled bladder, the sensation of finally being able to let go was exhilarating.

Rizbo: Haaaah...

The first few moments were of complete confusion for the guard, as more and more liquid kept flowing and Rizbo's muscles relaxed, Milzya quickened her pace. Until she noticed the bump in his abdomen getting smaller, which then led her to notice that the liquid was coming out and spreading through the front of his pants, and then that it was yellowed. That was plenty to make her understand what was going on and put Rizbo's feet back on the ground. Although, with his wobbly legs, he could barely stay standing, and fell to his knees, his limbs shaking from relief. After starting, the stream wouldn't stop for the next 2 minutes before Rizbo got back control over it, the puddle on the floor growing and spreading constantly, getting Milzya's boots wet. It would last long enough for the embarrassment and the humiliation of peeing himself on his crushes' arms to completely set in.

Milzya: (crouching next to Rizbo) Are you better now?

The merchant silently nodded. He normally wasn't a "feelings" guy, but the mixture of the shame, the residual pain from holding so much and the fear that Milzya hates him was enough. Just like the dam of his bladder had broken, the dam for his tears also did break, the water on the corner of his eyes finally forming tears and streaming down.

Rizbo: (sobbing) I'm sorry, Mil. All of this, it's my fault, I made a giant mess and got you involved. You would be better off not kn-

Rizbo is interrupted by the guard lifting him up from the ground and hugging him tight enough to make him spurt the last few drops remaining in his bladder.

Milzya: Thank god, you're not dying.

Rizbo: (through a few tears) Y- you don't hate me? Even after t- this?

She puts her hands on the merchant's shoulders, pushing him back so she can look in his eye.

Milzya: Rizbo, this ain't high school, you know? A mistake isn't enough to break a friendship.

A faint smile appears in Rizbo's face as he gives Milzya a hug.

Rizbo: Thank you.

She returns the hug, no problems seem to exist during it. For Rizbo, the embarrassment is still there, but the fear of being hated by the guard had dissolved. For Milzya, the thought of her friend possibly dying is little more than a distant memory. A few seconds pass before remembering that both of them are still covered in piss.

Milzya: (breaking up the hug) Okay, that's enough. We need a shower after all of this.

Rizbo: (joking) Together, hopefully.

Milzya: Keep dreaming, but also, glad to have you back.

Rizbo: Yeah… Hey, do you wanna go to the bar Feyn works at later?

Milzya: You wanna spend your last hours of freedom there? He doesn't even work at this time.

Rizbo: True, but today, something tells me the day shift will be pretty entertaining too.

And it would indeed be, until the Four Families lackeys got there, but that's a story for another time.

