Girls und Panzer (short story 1)

Author: GupFan

*000*2019-09-07 11:32

I decided to write a fan fiction on such an interesting anime as "Girls und panzer". There are a lot of characters in the anime. But I decided to choose Rena Andow. She is very cute and a good girl in my opinion.

And so we begin with the fact that this sweet girl woke up early in the morning. She made her wake up, her bladder. And she went to set him free. She sat on a white toilet and relaxed and soon a stream began to beat out of her.

Oh, if only she knew that this was the only time in a day that she could relieve her bladder. The lessons went as usual, and now, after several classes and breakfast in the dining room, the girl realized what she needed in the toilet. Again. She waited until one of the classes was over.

Then she went out into the corridor and looked around. Pupils walked along the corridor and went into the office for the penultimate class. At this point, the pressure in the bladder became noticeable. The girl looked at the toilets. The school was female, but the line to the toilet was long and Andow decided to go after class.

She sat at her desk and focused more on holding rather than on the subject. The pressure was rising. Soon the girl crossed her legs and waited for the end of the lesson. She had thoughts even to begin to rub her hips.

Soon the lesson was over and the girl went to the next office, tightly clutching her legs. She tried not to attract attention. Looking at the toilet, she again saw the line and decided to endure to the end.

Sitting at her desk, she began to feel better. Soon she began to rub her hips and she was no longer interested in the lesson. She just wanted to hold out. It remained to endure for about 25 minutes and then the girl felt how a few drops came out. She could no longer resist and she grabbed the crotch with both hands.

15 minutes before the end, she began to write in panties. A thin brook lasted about five seconds. Andou was able to stop him. But her white panties were already wet and slightly yellowed.

When the lesson ended, Andow was on the verge of losing control. She left the classroom and hiding pressed on her crotch. Soon she went outside and went to her home. Urine flowed down her legs and drops fell on the sidewalk.

A few minutes later the girl broke through. She could not restrain herself when she already saw her house. A powerful stream flowed from it, and when it ended, there was a large yellow puddle beneath it. The girl looked around for a while.

Now she could only go home. Tears streamed down her cheeks. It was a terrible day for her.

Well, how do you like these little stories in a few paragraphs. I can expand the format if you want to

