Dragon Ball Omorashi: New Lost Stories - Future Mai's Desperation

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2020-01-02 18:10

In the Alternate Timeline where Future Trunks' Home is, the battle between Trunks & Goku Black has been long overdue. Future Mai was unconscious while Trunks was seeking help in the Present Timeline of Goku & Friends, she was beginning to wake up......

Future Mai: ..... mmm..... *eyes are starting to open* ....mmm huh? *tries to get up* *then speaks slightly* Trunks... *screams* TRUNKS!?

Future Mai: I'm guessing he finally pulled through with the Time Machine

*Rebellion Battling Goku Black* [Goku Black: Just give up you worms!] [Rebellion Man #1: Never! Keep shooting men!] [Rebellion Man #2: Why won't you give up Black!]

Future Mai: Black is not too far from where I'm standing, I must go and help... *pauses* Hmm how long was I out? I gotta use the facilities...

Future Mai: I should go back to base quickly before I have an 'accident' especially to get far away from the Battle Area

*From Far Distance* Rebellion Man #2: Sir I spotted Mai, it looks like she is heading towards back at the Base

Rebellion Man #1: Thank goodness, let's keep Black distracted

*running* Future Mai: *breathing* Oh my gosh... I don't think--I'm gonna--I must hurry--I think I'm gonna burst!

*Ground Shaking* Future Mai: *falls backward* Ah! That battle over there is intense...

*From Far Distance* Goku Black: Very stubborn mortals, why continue to fight

Rebellion Man #2: Ugh! my left arm hurts from that big blow he made

Future Mai: I can't stay here, I need to use the faciliti--*paralyzed* Oh no... can't move...I'm going to...I'm gonna

*Paralyzed* Future Mai: *A wet patch starts to appear in her pants* I couldn't make it *sheds a tear from her eye & blushes* *makes a big hiss & puddle, looks light yellow with some steam underneath her pants* not gonna lie this feels so good

Future Mai: I can't believe it I wet myself... I should be ashamed but it felt so nice *tries to get up* I must keep running back to the Base then I can change my clothes & clean up myself.

NOTE: Let me know on how you honestly think about my new recent story since it's been a while of me writing down Dragon Ball Omorashi Stories.

$$

