Damn social norms

Author: Gentleman_95

*000*2021-01-13 07:19

This is my first fic attemps, the first chapter is an introduction to the lore, I expect this to be a sizeable story, however, note I work a lot and study so I might not be a regular poster. Also note english is not my primary language.

It is now well known that women have, more often than not, suffered from the rule of men and fiction tend to return to that old comfortable trope of men enslaving women for their pleasure and for the sake of power, but what if, in an alternate universe, men were those who had to suffer from social norms made by women?

Social norms do not always have to make sense, they are often rooted in traditions and emotional if not instinctual reactions. Why do we have to apologize when we suffer from the hiccup? Why do we say “Bless you” when someone sneezes? Because we were told to, because our parents did it, and their parents too. Knowing that, it is easy to imagine socials norms that would be imposed on men and women that would be greatly sexist (cough cough real world), but this time turning the table around with more emphasis on men rather than women.

For our own pleasure, let us imagine a world where those social norms make men rather uncomfortable in a way we like, let us imagine a world where a man peeing in a public toilet, or showing the need to relieve itself in a public setting is seen as a grave impoliteness, a sign of weakness and in some countries, a regulated affair. As for public urination, the consequences of such indecency would be dire: heavy fines, public announcement of your crime resulting in shame and often the imposition of a chaperon who would ensure the convicted man would be unable to repeat such offense. This chaperon would control with a keyless locked belt the moments of relief of the convict who would have to adhere to the schedule imposed by the chaperon. This system was also imposed on sexual criminals to avoid further aggressions, but also seen as a punitive system, as the chaperons, all women, would tend to not be kind to sexual predators, aggressors, and perverts.

From a very young age, boys would be taught that peeing is a sign of weakness, a lack of control and dignity for a man. Especially in a public setting such as school, work or even with guests at home, the norm would be that men simply had to hold and wait. They had to control themselves and use their strength to good use. In fact, due to these norms, it was not uncommon for men to brag about their holding abilities and for girls to actively seek men able to control themselves for extended periods of time. It was seen as an act of strength and a proof that they would also be polite and in control of their sexual impulses. A security, in some ways for these girls.

@@Obviously, those norms would gradually be enforced the older the boys would get. Slowly, but surely, it would become harder for the male student to receive the “holy grail” namely: the bathroom key. For you see, the bathrooms would be locked in permanence to avoid any unwarranted relieving. While girls always had their personal key on them, boys would need to ask for the key, often being rejected of shunned for asking. Often being teased in front of the class to further dissuade any kid from asking permission unless an emergency. Kids being kids, it was not rare for girls to bully their male counterpart and tease them about their situation. By the time, the kids would arrive to college, the bathroom pass would have been near impossible to obtain and asking for it would result in mockery, bullying, teasing and if too frequent, disciplinary actions and training. Once on the job market, more often than not, toilets would be only accessible to women in the most conservative countries while they would be extremely rare in more liberal countries has previous building codes would not have included them. The peer pressure to avoid using them was so strong by this point, they were more often than not plain decoration and there to follow regulations.

@@Obviously, these norms meant that most men were most of the time in dire need of relief, worst of all for them, they could see their female friend, coworkers, boss, and wife relieve themselves. They could not show any part of their condition, especially not in the workplace. Showing a lack of self control in the workplace was a sure way to stay at the bottom of the chain and never receive a promotion. Even worse, a group of women around the world, named the sisterhood was always on the hunt to regulate, enforce and strengthen these norms into laws. Some extremists of this group would make it their mission to make the men around them as desperate as possible and to humiliate them further. It was a revenge for all the violence and sexual violence perpetrated by men. Or so they said. Some poor soul would end up tortured, forced to drink liters and liters of fluid only to be dumped in the middle of a passing street without options to relieves themselves. Other would simply be stuck with a boss in the sisterhood denying them bathroom keys, forcing them to drink and torturing them with overtime and denouncing any “signs” of desperation. In some of the most conservative countries, they would manage to pass law reducing even more the rights of men to relieve themselves. The most extreme case being in a very macho country of south America where male public bathroom simply did not exist and men being found to use female public bathroom were forced to wear remote belt for up to 5 years for a first offense and be supervised by a female chaperon for 10 years. Showing signs of desperation could even get you accusations of public indecency. It is not like men could do anything about it, they did not have the right to vote or to protest in these places, politic was seen as a waste of time for men in many countries. They had work to do, money to earn, politics was a women thing.

To be continued

*003*2021-01-16 21:28

{{14 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Some serious worldbuilding going on. This sounds like a bit more extreme version of my fictional country, the Isle of Cress. I like where you're going with it and would eagerly read more. 😄

}}

I always end up doing more lore than anything tbh lol my soft spot

*005*2021-01-21 03:31

Chapter 1: Calculating risks

@@Living as a man in such a society brought its challenges. Any activity outside of home or including female friends could always bring problems. Some of those female friends were allies and would let their friend off the hook, protecting them and even try to match their male friend who struggled the most with liberal girls to ease their life. On the other hand, some of those female friends could actually turn to be very prude and conservative on the norms and impose very strict discipline on their male counterpart, they would mostly date who had proven to be able to endure whatever was needed. They would not hesitate to denounce, tease and shame man who would not respect their standards. However, most of society was simply neutral. The norms were the norms, and some believed in them more than other, but most of them would not actually care or do anything about it unless confronted to the situation firsthand. One of those women was Laurie, owner of a nice pet shop and known for her harem. She had dozens of girls around her, working for her pet shop and her secret bar. These girls were nicknamed the unicorns, and all had a tattoo of a rose on the shoulder to show their affiliation to her harem. Rare fact in this society that valorised lesbian relations, Laurie actually accepted two males in her harem. One of those was only known by his nickname: The Stallion and was said to actually be her husband. The other boy was actually a femboi, a case of a man refusing to respect the norms and choosing to feminise himself to avoid those norms. While liberal women tended to accept this, conservative women and men were furious of this. The sisterhood called these infiltrators and dangerous predators, while conservative men claimed they were refusing their duty as man and avoiding their responsibility. Their refusal of abiding by the norms were also seen as a sign of sexual danger for some women. However, due to Laurie being the head of the Harem and the unicorns, it was known that Mickie (the femboi) could not do anything to the rest of the harem. Not only was he a sub to Laurie, but he was also known to be the sextoy of the Stallion.

@@While women like Laurie are the majority in terms of norms, such was not the case for Sandra. She was a partisan of strict rules and norms, being raised in a traditional family in a rural area. She had numerous friends in the sisterhood, but since she was hoping to pursue a career in politics, preferred not to associate herself with this controversial group. One of her best friend, Sam, was a young man raised next door with similar values. Pro norms, he was raised in a very traditional family who made it clear for him that he would have to abide by the norms and that failing to do so would bring severe consequences. Not only was Sam pro norms, but he was also purely incapable of actually relieving himself outside of his home while alone. His parents had taught him that his needs to pee was a shameful need, that showing his desperation was disgraceful and that talking about anything bladder related was not an option and would be met with judgment and discipline. His relationship with Sandra had reinforced that idea for him, has she actually never saw him pee or even show desperation despite knowing each other for 19 years. She had actually tried when she was younger after a dispute to humiliate him at school, but she could not make him show anymore of his need other than Sam having his leg tightly closed at the end of the day. She later apologized to him, and he did not hold resentment toward her. For Sam, any date or evening spent with Sandra was a calculated risk that could go wrong. Such were the norms and he believed it was his duty as a man to follow those norms and a sign of respect toward society. Furthermore, it was well known that they both had feelings for one another, but hesitated to go forward… They did not want to ruin their relationship as friends.

Chapter 2: Moving to the city

@@While Sandra and Sam were born and raised in a rural area, they both wanted to pursue higher education and for that decided to both move to the metropolis. The cultural shock was immediate when they discovered all these new restaurants, bars and commerce with exotics produces. Of course, something else ticked them. The metropolis was way more liberal in terms of norms than their rural hometown and seeing men excuse themselves to go to the toilets was a massive shock for both Sandra and Sam. Not only that, but the simple fact that all building had male toilets was a complete surprise for Sam and Sandra who expected the metropolis to simply be a bigger city, not an entirely different way of living. One of the biggest shocks for Sandra was how some bars would offer free drinks for men until they would go to the toilets while making women pay for their drink. She found this unfair and when she complained about it was met with some laughter from men’s right activist who told her “welcome to the club girl”. Not only that, but for the first time in her life, Sandra was actively seeked by women who wanted to have some fun with her, an experience she never had. While Sandra was raised in a traditional family, she could not help but feel some excitation from seeing these nice girls dressed beautifully to show all their curves looking at her and smiling. One of those girls, Sarah, was a nice brunette with round red glasses that showed her glowing green eyes. She was wearing a nice summer dress with a flowers decal and some white vans. Her right shoulder had a nice rose tattoo that was well showed since her dress had not strap and she seemed to not wear any bra. She was busy torturing a man by giving him drinks after drinks and talking to him, touching his thighs, and talking in his ears. The man was clearly desperate, bouncing on his chair, crossing his leg before Sarah uncrossed them laughing, biting his lips. Sandra, curious to see this spectacle she had always secretly enjoyed, while seeing a chance to break the ice with this lovely gal, decided to go talk to her, letting Sam at the bar looking out for her drink.

“Can I get you a drink?” Said Sandra with her nice smile. Of course, you may darling, but do not forget to get one for this young boy here Sarah replied laughing. After quickly ordering 3 drinks, Sandra quickly went to the point like she always did asking Sarah why in god name this man would not use some discipline and show restraint. Pretty simple, Sarah said, this boy was caught sexually harassing one of Laurie’s unicorn. So, to teach him a lesson, we put him in that nice little belt you can see over his cute little bladder bulge and we alternate making him desperate beyond the point he could imagine priors to that.

Well, do you eventually let him go at home so he can relief himself? Sandra asked with obvious interest. Sarah looked at her and then asked the man with a big smile “What do we do with you Charlie?”

Charlie could only mutter the answer, red with shame and Sandra did not hear him. Sarah made him repeat, this time so she could hear him. “You bring me to Laurie’s bar and wait for me to explode… It has been a month now! How long do I have to endure this please! I cannot take it anymore!”

Well, you see Charlie, we will do this as long as Laurie tells us to do it. You preyed on one of her favorite unicorns, bad choice there pervert. Anyway, we were going to leave for the unicorn’s bar, mind joining us girl?

I mean, I could, but I am with a guy right now, a friend of mine. He is over there; do I bring him with me?

Is he a decent guy?

Of course, and he shows restraint unlike your perv over here, never seen him show any signs of desperation from him!

I meant is he a decent guy in the sense does he have manners? Laurie does not mind more than that if your friend needs to relieve himself. Some of us girls do, but Laurie kind of does not care.

Oh right… Yes, he is a good guy, respectful. You will not have any problems with him I can guarantee that.

Good! Then bring him with you and let’s go see Charlie make a mess of himself in front of everybody.

*008*2022-03-22 00:51

Chapter 3: The lovelycorn

After a nice little walk, a little detour to an ice cream shop, Sam, Sandra, Sarah and our now bursting Charlie finally arrived at the lovelycorn, the official bar of the unicorn’s. The building was spectacular, glowing pink and white, with lights shows and massive water fountains in the front. As you would enter, you would be greeted by a giant unicorn made of ice fixed on top of a fake fire, giving an impressive ice and fire mixture.

Such was the theme of the bar: fire and ice. The food was spicy, and the drinks were cold! While the floor was tiled and alternating in different waves of hot colors, the walls had many aquariums with exotic fishes all around.

An interesting fact of this bar, nobody actually knew who owned it. Was it Laurie? Was it the stallion? Some even dared say Mickie, the femboi could actually be running the bar in secret, making it easier for Laurie and the stallion to focus on their other activities.

What other activities you may ask? Well, the unicorns had many activities. Some of them actively went around bars in the city to protect other girls from predators, some others were recruiting girls for the harem and to have bigger parties, orgies, etc. The most controversial activity of the unicorns was their creation of pornography and their organisation of public holding contest between boys, but also between girls. Girls in this universe had literally never been trained to hold for long period of time and to see them struggle to do so was seen as extremely arousing for other females, but mostly for men who had for the most part never seen such a spectacle.

Tonight, was one of those nights, but not an ordinary night. For you see the unicorns had organised a gala. Similar to a boxing gala, the beginners and the girls were set to begin the night and give a nice little show, some spectators could even participate if they wished to. However, the main event was the one in which Charlie was set to participate.

Each week, the unicorns would bring the predators they had caught with proof and testimonies. They had to be guilty, otherwise it would have been seen as cruel in the city.

Those predators would be brough in front of the entire audience who would have paid good amount of money to see such a show and the VIP would even have the privilege to inflict a challenge on the convict of their choice. The winner of the contest would be set free after the night but released in the city with his wet pants and his hand tied behind his back. This was to make sure the man would be seen in such a predicament.

No rules forced the chaperon unicorn to bring its contestant to the contest with an empty bladder, and for Charlie, it was another contest where he was setup to fail miserably. He had actually tried to spike the drink of one of Laurie’s favorite unicorns and he had been regretting that decision ever since.

Sarah had made certain he was absolutely bursting, his bladder filled to the brim so he would not only lose but be the first one to do so. Losing first was seen as an extremely emasculating event and for Charlie it had been 3 times in a row he lost first. Sarah was not playing and was a relentless teasing machine.

Anyway, as soon as our four friends entered the bar, they were stormed by the organisers running late and waiting for Charlie, they took him quickly to the center stage as Sarah brought Sandra and Sam with her in a VIP seat.

In front of them, 5 men and 1 woman (yes, the events are aimed at predators, woman were also caught sometime). Charlie seemed to be the only one already bursting, while another man, a giant over 6 feet tall and very muscular seemed to be a little stiff.

All of them had a system attached to them with straw in their mouth, sort of like the famous cap you see in some sporting events. However, the straw in the case was stuck in their mouth and the recipient over the hat was a funnel. They simply were not physically able to not drink what was put into the funnel and had to drink until their bladder burst.

To add to the challenge, they all had to wear grey pants that would show any leaks and a bladder belt to hold these pants shut and press on their bladder.

To begin the show, the choice of the first drink was granted to Laurie, the guest of honor and CEO of the NBL (National bursting League). She sent with her favorite cherry flavored iced tea. The show was on.

*011*2022-03-27 17:44

{{On 3/24/2022 at 3:52 PM, eucoloco said:

Oh i'd love to get your authorization to twit this story giving u the credit of course (twit this link) 💛

}}

Sure i'm struggling to have time to write x)

*012*2022-03-27 21:23

Chapter 4:

The bar was full to the brim with young people, mostly women, but some of them had brought their friend and boyfriend. Drinks were free for them anyway during these nights and some of the ladies made it their mission that their male counterparts would not be thirsty.

Great news for Sandra, her drinks were free too because she was the guest of Sarah, not so great for Sam who began to feel he might have a rough time tonight. Being a VIP had its perks, Sarah could order drinks for free, vote for punishments, types of drinks, challenges, and quantity of liquids for the contestants. Even better for some, VIP had their own bathroom they could use, but also bring someone with them or hand over their pass to a friend. This information very much pleased Sandra who had begun to stress a bit when she saw the lineup for the ladies’ room. To her surprise, there was actually a small line for the men’s room!

“How pathetic… they cannot even act properly with all these ladies around… Don’t you agree Sam?”

“Mhm, yeah sure” he said focused on the contestants that were now getting teased by a masked lady. Although he also was beginning to feel his own bladder filling up, his last bathroom break being this morning at his apartment, it had now been 14 hours since he last peed, and he had been drinking quite a lot.

Fortunately for him, the show was excellent and a great distraction. The masked lady was moving from contestant to contestant, talking in their ear, pushing on their bladder, putting a bar to force their legs apart. She even used a little vibrating toy to tease the lone girl as a special demand from a VIP. However, now was the turn for Charlie and he was at his absolute limit and the lady knew this. She activated the tiled floor under him so it would drain any leakage and calculate the input. It was a risky move for the masked lady as if she was wrong on her ability to break the contestant, she would lose her place as the torturer and lose her bathroom pass for the rest of the night. A nice little touch so the torturer would have some “skin in the game”.

She began slowly, caressing Charlie’s bladder bulge and running her finger on his bare skin. She wanted him to fear her, to fight for his life and by the looks in his eyes, he knew she was dead set on making him burst right there in front of all these people and for the fourth time, lose first. She had a trick up her sleeve, she placed a VR headset on his head with headphones. Now was the time to visit a nice little botanical garden in Japan, full of fountains and waterfalls. Of course, to complete the feeling she would complete the tour by actually making him walk on the spot to register movement, spraying some droplets on his arms and hands when passing by a waterfall in the VR.

All the spectators received a text on their phone and tablet: Will Charlie (contestant D) survive this torture. All of those who would answer correctly receive a free drink, those who didn’t, would have their bathroom pass revoked for an hour. The numbers were in! 87% believed Charlie was done for.

After around 2 minutes of this out of a maximum of 5, Charlie leaked for the first time, making his bladder belt tight up a notch as a punishment for his lack of discipline. After another minute, the masked lady upped her game, beginning to sensually caress Charlie’s bulge and massaging it slowly while telling him how full he was and how good it would feel if he would only relax and let it all go. “You are only prolonging your misery Charlie… trust me, even the girl is gonna last at least 30 more minutes, you are already at your limit… I can feel it… right here”

At this precise moment, she pressed on his already exhausted bladder and Charlie absolutely lost it. A quick leak, followed by another bigger one, and then a torrent. As he was losing it, Charlie fell on his knees, completely broken. He knew that he now had to redo all of it, endure that torture from Sarah who was now yelling and on her feet to applause the torturer for her great job.

After around a minute, the results were in. Charlie’s bladder had held onto 1.2 liters. A respectable number that made some people in the room actually applaud him for his resistance.

However, what was most interesting for us was the reaction of Sandra. She was soaked, she nearly came seeing Charlie explode like that. She had never seen a man do that and she was absolutely desperate to see it again and to be the one to make a man burst like that. As she was moving in her seat to not feel too damp, she saw from the corner of her eyes Sam, with a drink in his hand. She wanted him, she wanted to have him in her, but she also wanted him to beg her, to hold on for dear life and to explode in front of her. But could she do it? They had been friend for so long, she had wanted him a couple of times but managed to restraint herself, but tonight… Tonight was different she felt. Besides, she saw the look and the grin on Sarah’s face. She knew it too, she saw her eyes, she saw her bit her lips. The only one who didn’t know? Sam and his already filling bladder.

*014*2022-04-16 23:58

{{16 hours ago, Aera-3- said:

More please! I wanna see more guys desperate! Well maybe a bit of the females like occasionally but I wanna see the girls teasing and degrading the guys and stuff! This fic must go on!

}}

Should have sometime this week if my job is not too rocky! Sorry about the time in between

*016*2022-05-03 23:43

{{On 5/2/2022 at 1:30 PM, Aera-3- said:

Alright then! Btw just curious since it's been a while, we're getting a new part soon right? (Not to be rude or impatient, I was just wondering. It's also good to take your time cuz then it'll be AMAZING) (also pls more females teasing and just degrading the males I know I would if I lived in this world)

}}

I got 500 worlds written, then got covid, then my wife and my baby got covid F so i'm kinda stuck right now. Creative struggle is real x)

*020*2022-08-27 00:18

Sadly not I'm sorry to disappoint but I simply no longer have the time or the energy to write 😞

