Sasuke’s Mansion Desperation

Author: Goldiehairr

*000*2017-06-03 02:09

First story guys, so leave your thoughts and critiques :)

Sasuke awoke out of his bed thinking about another lousy mission the Hokage would have his team do today. Walking dogs, helping a citizen plant their crops...all ridiculous and cutting into the training he could be doing to defeat his brother.

It was extremely hot today so he decided to drink more water than he usually did at breakfast, and brought some with him. He looked at his time and silently cursed...if he didn’t hurry he would “probably” be later than Kakashi…probably.

When he arrived at the spot they were supposed to meet which was by the lake, Sakura was already there smiling when she saw him.

“Morning Sasuke”, she said with the biggest smile on her face.

“Morning”, he said while taking another sip of his water. It didn’t take long for the silence to be broken when they heard a familiar voice yelling.

“I’m here”, while running to where they were. “I’m here, I’m here, gee I thought I was late”. Naruto said.

“You are, stupid”, Sakura replied. While waiting for another hour, Kakashi finally showed up.

“Morning guys, sorry I’m late I had to pick up a few things on my way down”, he said. The three of them just glared at him.

“Ok, maybe this would cheer you guys up”. He pulled out bottles of water for them to carry on the mission.

“Whaaa, but we always carry water on missions, Kakashi sensei you jerk”, Naruto said.

“No, Naruto you see its extremely hot today and I don’t want my genin passing out, now would I, so I brought extras”. “Now, our mission today is to find out what has been disturbing this family at night”. “The family said they have been hearing noises and scratches whenever they go to sleep.

“Do you think it could be a ghost Kakashi sensei?” Sakura said.

“Who knows”

“A g-ghost”, Naruto said.

“Yeah, unless you’re too scared to see.” Sasuke inputted with a slight grin.

“I AM NOT SCARED”. I can take on anything believe it”.

“Well then let’s go” Kakashi said.

The ninja arrived at their destination and greeted the family who they were assigned to. They live in a mansion, but the ninja decided to stake out, outside. They were going to start investigating at night inside the mansion. While they were sharpening weapons and setting up camp, they were drinking water as well. Sasuke started to feel a small twinge in his bladder, but didn’t pay any attention to it. He drunk some more of his water and finished sharpening his weapons. When night fell, his bladder started to feel fuller. He started to think about all the water he drunk today and that made his bladder pulse more. Sasuke didn’t want to let his silly bladder get in the way of this mission so he ignored it and got ready for the mission. Besides it was time to go anyway…even the thought of “go” made his bladder pulse again.

They walked inside the mansion and Kakashi started devising a plan. Sasuke wanted nothing more for Kakashi to hurry and say this stupid plan, so they could hurry and do the stupid mission so he could pee. His bladder was starting to fill up more now from all that water he was drinking earlier and he started to slightly move one of his thighs on the other squeezing his package. It was a quick discrete move which he hoped nobody saw.

“Well now that we know the plan, and there’s no questions let’s go” Kakashi said.

“Yeahhh I’m so ready”, Naruto said loudly.

“Shut up idiot, or you’re going to wake up the whole family”. Sasuke said.

Kakashi split up the group leaving Naruto and Sasuke on one team and Sakura and himself on the next. Kakashi and Sakura went to investigate one half of the mansion and the boys did the other half. They would meet up by morning in the same spot they all started, and with that they took off.

Sasuke and Naruto first looked in the family room for anything. Sasuke bladder was pounding now and he couldn’t help but squeeze his thighs together when he bent down to look behind the Television. It felt so good to take some pressure off his bladder as he continued looking.

“Nothing out of the ordinary here”, Sasuke said. They left the family room and opened the door to another room. When they turned on the lights, it was the bathroom and Sasuke quickly gave his crotch a long squeeze.

“Um, Naruto can you check in there, I rather check the kitchen”, Sasuke said while shaking.

“What, I think-”.

“Just do it”, Sakuke said in an irritated way and ran off to the kitchen. He was starting to get desperate now and thought he could have used that toilet but he had a mission to complete and couldn’t waste time.

While Naruto was away he grabbed himself and started to bounce slightly.

“Where is this stupid ghost or whatever this thing is, I have to pee”, he said.

“You have to what?” Naruto said, while walking into the kitchen. Sasuke quickly stopped the bouncing and the grabbing when he heard Naruto’s voice.

“Nothing”.

“Righttt”. Naruto studied Sasuke carefully, he knew he heard something but didn’t quite catch it. Saskue was so desperate to cross his legs, bounce, crawl…whatever it would take not to wet his shorts.

“What are you looking at loser, we have a mission to complete lets go”. Sasuke said.

They walked to a room what looked like an office and started to look around. It wasn’t long before they started to hear some scratching noises in the wall behind the painting. Naruto removed the painting off the wall and saw a hole.

“Well I guess we are going in, Naruto said”. “When I thought to crawl I didn’t mean literally”. Saskue thought to himself. They crawled until they fell into this room.

“Uh”, Sasuke grabbed his crotch so hard like it was going to fall off. “Why was that drop so deep”? He started to step side to side not noticing that Naruto was watching him.

“So that’s what you had to do”, Naruto said grinning.

“Do wha-”. As soon as he said that he realized.

“You have to pee don’t you”.

Saskue didn’t reply he just turned his head. He felt embarrassed to mention the truth to him, but he knew he was going to find out soon because he couldn’t keep hiding his need.

“Yes, now can we please get out of here so I can pee.” He sat on the ground and starting rocking back and forth while trying to examine the room.

“Wait, we passed a bathroom earlier, why didn’t you just-” Naruto stopped when he started to get a death glare from Sasuke.

“I didn’t want to do that during a mission”. After hearing the word bathroom, Sasuke closed his eyes, grabbed himself with both hands now and continued to rock back and forth.

“And look where that has got you” Naruto laughed as he looked at Sasuke.

Naruto stopped laughing when he felt something fury rubbing across his legs. He quickly got out his kunai knife and jumped back. To his surprise it was a cat. He picked it up and started putting two and two together….

“The cat must have jumped up to that hole in the wall and followed the trail that leads to the painting we saw earlier and scratched the back of it.” “The question is…how did it get here”

“We will find that out later, let’s just go and bring the cat, I have to pee so bad” Sasuke said, while attempting to get to his feet. He had his hands on his knees until the urges stopped. He closed his eyes tightly again, almost losing a squirt in his underwear.

“Yeah, before you drown us in this room” Naruto said.

Sasuke finally stood up straighter and waited for Naruto to get up in the hole again with the cat. He crossed his legs and bend down then back up again. “Hurry up”.

“Ok, ok gee no one told you not to go to the bathroom, Mr. Can’t wait” Naruto said while crawling in the hole.

Sasuke followed, having to stop crawling at some point to grab himself. He could feel the pee at the tip of his crotch, ready to just burst out.

They finally made it out and came out the office room and to Sasuke’s luck saw Kakashi sensei and Sakura upstairs. The two jumped down when they saw the cat in Naruto’s arms. Sasuke tried to stop the fidgeting but did not stop it completely.

“We think we found the ‘ghost’”, as Naruto lifted up the cat.

“That’s a cat, idiot”. Sakura said. Then she hit Naruto in the head

“Ow”, Sakura I know”. You didn’t let me finish. This cat was making the scratching noise.

“Yes, and I think I know why” Kakashi said. He jumped up back to the stairs when he felt his senses telling him that someone was there. He saw the girl that was a part of this family, and she admitted to hiding the cat in that place because her parents wouldn’t let her keep it. She was watching to make sure they wouldn’t hurt the cat.

Saskue wasn’t even listening, he was too distracted by his need to focus and started fidgeting more.

Naruto caught Saskue fidgeting again and said “Oh yeah and Saskue’s gotta pee” He laughed

Saskue was about to punch him, when a drop of pee came out. He quickly ran to the bathroom that they went to earlier and slammed the door.

“Told ya” Naruto said

Sasuke quickly pulled down his pants with his boxers and started peeing in the toilet. His stream was so strong and loud that the rest could hear it. He held his head back and closed his eyes as relief finally came over his body. He learned a lesson here…pee before a mission.

