The Hexside School Play

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2022-04-05 05:19

The Hexside School Play

They just finished rehearsal. Luz was dressed as an otter (with a dark side), and Amity was dressed as a cat. Both costumes were onesies, but with zippers on the back of the costume. Who designed these costumes anyways? Luz needed Willow's help to get into costume and Eda's help to get out of costume every rehearsal. The couple were holding hands and walking towards the local Pizza Haunt.

Luz was so excited that Amity agreed to perform in this play with her. It was a story about an otter and a cat falling in love in the battlefield. Such a romantic story! As they were walking towards Pizza Haunt, Luz noticed that Amity was walking a bit slower than usual. So, she slowed down her walking to match her pace.

As they were walking, they talked about the arduous ritual that each one had to perform every rehearsal.

"Emira helps me get into costume before every rehearsal at 3pm," Amity stated. "They're so hard to get into. And also hard to get out of."

"Yeah, Willow has to help me with that back zipper after putting it on too," Luz said. The costume was quite insulated, so Luz was only wearing her underwear underneath the costume. She didn't really like wearing bras. She wondered if Amity also wore minimal clothing underneath the costume.

NO Luz! Stop having creepy thoughts about your girlfriend again! Luz thought to herself. Luz looked away as she felt a blush creep onto her face.

When they arrived, they ordered a medium Hawaiian pizza to share, and Luz ordered a large soda. Amity oddly didn't order any drinks. They sat down at a table to wait for their pizza and started talking about the play.

"Aren't you excited about the licking scene?" Luz asked Amity.

"Huh? Oh yeah, I can't wait for us to lick each other on stage," Amity replied with a blush.

Amity appeared distracted. The animals in the play displayed affection differently than humans do. They like to lick each other on the face to show their affection for each other and the licking scene was the climax of the story that Luz was looking forward to acting out with Amity. She wished that it was a kissing scene though. They've been dating for a month now and both of them were still too scared to kiss each other on the lips. But this will have to do for now, Luz thought. They kiss each other on the cheeks all the time, even in public. Luz loved these displays of affection, but she was worried that a kiss on the lips might be too forward for Amity, she didn't want to make things awkward for her awesome girlfriend after all.

"Amity, are you ok? You seem a bit distracted," Luz asked.

"Huh? No, I'm fine... I uh-, I'm just thinking about my stage fright. I get so nervous when I perform, I have to drink so much water throughout rehearsal to calm down," Amity replied.

Luz noticed that Amity had her legs crossed pretty tightly. Did Amity have to pee? She did see Amity drinking tons of water throughout rehearsal. That would explain her strange behaviour. But why isn't she saying anything? Why didn't she just go use that bathroom over there? Luz thought to herself. Then, their pizza arrived. They both ate their meal, and Luz would take big gulps of her soda between bites.

After they finished their meal, Luz felt a familiar nagging sensation in her lower abdomen. She needed to pee. "Be right back sweet potato, I need to use the bathroom." Luz said. Amity still had her legs crossed, and it looked like she was about to say something to Luz, but Luz gave her a kiss on the cheeks before she headed for the toilets and suddenly Amity was speechless and red faced. Luz loved having that affect on her.

It was now 7pm, about 4 hours since Luz last peed. In the bathroom, Luz noticed how dirty the toilet was. "Ugh, I forgot how dirty public restrooms were," Luz said out loud to herself. She proceeded to go through the motions of removing her pants, but that's when she realized that she was wearing a onesie. And she couldn't take it off by herself, she needed someone to help unzip the zipper at the back of the costume. Luz decided that she didn't have to go that badly and could hold it until they walked back to The Owl House.

Luz came out of the restroom and noticed that Amity was at the counter paying the bill. She always did that on their dates when Luz was distracted. "Sweet potato, you know that I can pay for my own meals," Luz pouted.

"Batata, I'm rich. It's no big deal," Amity replied, as usual. Luz lost count of the amount of times they had this exact same conversation, Amity would never let her pay her back, but of course, she secretly enjoyed it.

Luz decided to use this moment to admire her awesome girlfriend. She looked so cute in that cat onesie, and the pose she was currently doing, the slick way she put her elbow on the counter to support her resting head, the way her legs were crossed, and that beautiful face that looked cuter than any kitten Luz has seen.

Then Luz felt Amity holding her hand, and they started walking to The Owl House. Luz continued to gush about the play and compared it to the Azura series. She made Amity laugh several times. Luz loved it whenever she got Amity to laugh or giggle, it encouraged her to make more of her cheesy jokes. About halfway to The Owl House, after Luz told another cheesy joke and heard a laugh from Amity, Amity doubled over and let it a small groan. "Is everything ok Amity?" Luz asked.

"Yep, I just uh, had to tie my shoelace. I'm all done now." Amity replied.

Again, Luz found Amity's behaviour to be odd. But then she continued to talk about Azura book 5 and how Hecazura became canon in it.

They finally arrived at The Owl House and was greeted by Hooty. "Hoot Hoot! Password please!" Hooty said.

"Hooty, you know us, just open up!" Luz said.

"How do I know you're not a Basilisk pretending to be Luz?" Hooty asked.

As Hooty continued to stall, Luz felt more and more pressure build up in her bladder. And she could've sworn she saw Amity stepping side to side a second ago out of her peripheral vision, but when she looked at her, she was standing still with her legs crossed.

Sigh "Hootcifer is the best," Luz said.

"Oh, it really is you Luz! Alright, I'll let you two in, but don't make a mess in the couch," Hooty said with a wink as he opened the door.

"HOOTY!" Luz exclaimed. Both girls were blushing furiously right now.

They stepped inside and Luz immediately called for Eda. "Eda! I'm home! Could you please help me take off this costume? It's starting to become sweaty and disgusting" Luz called out. As Luz waited for a response, she stepped side to side to alleviate the growing pressure in her bladder. There was no response. Luz noticed Amity sitting on the couch with her legs tightly crossed. "Oh yeah, I forgot that Eda was playing Hexes Hold'em with some friends tonight."

"I'm also gonna need help removing this costume," Amity said.

Then Luz heard a moan from Amity, "Ooooh". Luz looked over and saw Amity doubled over with a hand on her crotch. "Amity, do you need to pee?" Luz asked. Amity hesitated, but then responded with a nod. "I've needed to pee for hours." Amity said. "The last time I peed was right before Emira helped me put on this costume. And all the water I drank during rehearsal has made its way to my bladder." Amity explained.

"Oh my gosh, here let me help you take this costume off," Luz offered. Luz proceeded to unzip the costume, then Amity let out a gasp. "Luz, I'm leaking!" Amity exclaimed.

"Oh no! Ok, let's make our way to the toilet while I take off the costume." Luz said.

"Ok, good idea. Luckily it felt like it was only a small leak," Amity responded.

Amity slowly hobbled to the washroom as Luz was unzipping her costume. But then the zipper got stuck. "Oh no, Amity, the zipper is stuck!" Luz exclaimed.

Luz noticed Amity starting to panic. She could see the toilet right there and felt her own bladder sending frantic signals to empty it so she crossed her legs. But Luz couldn't use it yet. No, she had to let Amity use it first. After all, Amity was desperately stepping from side to side, then, she doubled over again and stuck a hand into her crotch. A dark spot started appearing on her onesie.

Luz felt her cheeks burning as she stared at Amity's pee dance. She's never seen her Cotton Candy Haired Goddess in this state before, and it was oddly appealing to something inside of her. Luz's hands stopped unzipping the costume for a moment as Luz was appreciating the view.

"Luz!!! My bladder's about to explode. Could you please hurry!!!" Amity frantically exclaimed.

"Oh right, sorry," Luz replied.

Then, Luz finally unzipped the onesie. She felt her cheeks burn hotter as more of Amity's bare skin got revealed and Luz realized that Amity was only wearing her underwear and bra underneath her costume.

"Luz, I think my pee is gonna come out as soon as I remove my hand from my crotch." Amity stated. With a deep blush, she added, "could you please help me take off this costume completely?"

Both girls knew that doing this would mean that Luz would be seeing Amity almost naked. Still blushing, Luz replied, "Ok."

Luz proceeded to remove the costume from Amity, revealing more of her bare skin as she did so. Then, she was reminded of her own need to pee. A wave of desperation washed over Luz and she stuck a hand to her crotch and squirmed a little until it passed. Then she continued to help Amity strip. When she finally got most of the costume off of Amity, she noticed how her underwear was covered in pee and how there were streaks of pee running down her legs. This gave Luz a tingling sensation in her crotch.

"Ok Luz, you can leave now!" Amity said a bit too quickly in a mean tone. Both their faces were scarlet red. Though Luz knew she didn't mean to be mean, she just really had to pee and needed privacy. Luz promptly left the bathroom.

As soon as Luz exited the bathroom and closed the door for Amity. She heard a loud stream of pee hitting the toilet. This increased Luz's desperation tenfold. She immediately crossed her legs and jammed her hands into her crotch. She was squirming and stepping side to side. Though, she somehow avoided leaking, at least for now.

She was now debating whether to move to a location where she couldn't hear Amity's loud pee stream, or to stay near the bathroom so that she could pee as soon as Amity was done. But her thoughts drifted to Amity's pee dance from earlier. She fantasized about Amity wetting her pants a lot more as she was doing that dance, all that squirming, those entrancing movements, the darkening onesie. Luz started rubbing her crotch with a hand, and it numbed the pain of her bladder a little as it generated a wave of pleasure.

After what felt like a long time, Luz could still hear Amity peeing, though it was quieter.

"Sweet potato, are you done yet? I also have to pee really badly," Luz said, almost pleadingly.

"Almost mi Batata, I still have a bit of pee left in me. And didn't you go at Pizza Haunt?" Amity asked.

"I couldn't take my otter onesie off so I decided to hold it," Luz replied.

"Ok, just hold it for another minute Batata," Amity responded.

The waves of desperation came back with a vengeance after Luz's wave of pleasure went away. She had to cross her legs tightly, step side to side, and she jammed her hand up her crotch as much as the fabric of the onesie would allow her to. She felt her control slip away as she felt her urethra pulsing, about to expel the pee that was ballooning in her bladder for the past several hours. Then, she felt wetness in her panties, she just leaked. She clenched her butt and her sphincter, but not before another squirt of pee escaped.

"Amity, please hurry, I'm leaking!" Luz begged.

"Ok, one sec, I'm wiping," Amity replied.

Every second that passed felt like a minute to Luz. She had to pee so badly. Her bladder was aching so much. Then the door opened. Luz quickly rushed inside. About to take off her pants, she realized that she was still in her onesie.

"Ooooh," Luz moaned. A huge wave of desperation washed over her, and she felt herself leaking more pee onto her panties.

"Here, let me help you take this off," Amity offered. Luz nodded weakly, hands still jammed to her crotch. As Amity unzipped the onesie more and more, she realized that Luz wasn't wearing a bra, and her face turned red. Luz noticed this and giggled a little, but that caused her onesie to darken near her crotch.

Finally, Amity got Luz out of her onesie, and she immediately pulled down her underwear and sat on the toilet because a jet of pee was already spraying out of her. Embarrassed by her display of indecency in front of her girlfriend, Luz's face turned into a tomato, and she couldn't find the words to ask Amity to give her some privacy. She wasn't even sure if she minded Amity seeing her like this. She looked over at Amity, who was equally as red faced, but also already outside the bathroom and in the process of closing the door for Luz. As the door was closing, Luz noticed Amity steal a glance at her and she blushed even harder at the realization.

Luz breathed a sigh of relief as she was emptying her bladder. It felt so good to release all that pee after it had been stretching the walls of her bladder to its limits. She sat there for what felt like 5 minutes until she finally felt her stream diminishing. Afterwards, she wiped and washed her hands and proceeded to join her girlfriend outside.

Luz gave Amity some of her own clothes to wear for now since her underwear and onesie were soaked. Her red faced girlfriend took the clothes and went into the bathroom again for a quick shower and change. Then Luz did the same. After that, the two mutually agreed to not talk about it by remaining awkwardly silent about it for a few minutes, until Luz suggested they watch a movie together.

"Wanna watch Good Witch Azura 2: Field of Deadly Fates?" Luz asked.

"I would love to!" Amity replied.

They went into the kitchen to gather some snacks and drinks. Then they sat in the living room couch to watch the movie.

After that whole ordeal, Luz was hungry again, so she began eating a lot of popcorn and drank a big bottle of pop throughout the movie. About half way through the movie, she suddenly felt something soft lying on her shoulder. She turned her head, and saw that her awesome girlfriend had fallen asleep on her shoulder. Luz smiled, then proceeded to place her head on top of Amity's soft hair and fell asleep too.

THE END

###

A/N: By now, we've had two stories on this forum that plays on the trope of "Amity comes from a rich family, so she's expected to hold her bladder in public no matter what". This story also uses that trope, but without explaining it because I assume that if you're reading this story, you're familiar with the other two by now:

- The torment of a Blight

- Amity Blight's trip to the human realm

Hopefully, you picked up on that without an explicit explanation, but if you didn't, here it is lol.

I didn't plan for this story to be a prequel of "My Awesome Girlfriend Likes to Use Me as a Pillow

", but the progression of the story just worked out that way for the ending to nicely tie into that story. At first, I didn't even reference my other story before writing the ending to this one. I just wrote down a random movie from the show, but then I was like, "if I'm gonna make this a prequel, I should be consistent" so I looked it up. And was pleasantly surprised to realize that I just happened to pick the same movie.

In addition, I have one more story I will post soon (awesome sauce!), but it's unrelated to The Owl House, and after that, Imma take a long break from writing.

This is a one-shot story, meaning there is no (direct) continuation planned. Though, this story was written in Luz's POV, and I feel like Amity's POV would also make for an interesting story in of itself. But I'm too lazy to do that atm lol. Maybe if there's enough comments requesting it, I might make it. No promises though.

*002*2023-11-14 00:07

{{On 4/5/2022 at 3:21 AM, Roronoa Zoro said:

If you feel like you need to take a break from writing then do it you don't want to burn yourself out. And I would like to see a story from Amity pov

}}

I finally got around to creating Amity's POV of this story:

$/topic/95047-the-hexside-school-play-amity%E2%80%99s-pov/

*004*2024-02-16 07:43

This story was inspired by Desperate underneath Your Easter Dress by DesperateJill
