Miss. Black Pees

Author: Guest beth

*000*2017-04-23 20:03

Ruth Black had been in education all her life; she'd gone straight from high school to teacher training and back to school, and in all that time she had only peed at school twice. The toilets in her high school were particularly grim and to be avoided, a fact she had learned from her older siblings' frequent near accidents on their arrival home. Her first in-school pee was during a double PE lesson, it was the end of the day and her full bladder was made worse by having to run laps of the track. Her teacher had insisted they stay hydrated for the long distance run, but it was too much for Ruth's poor bladder. She was forced to feign an injury and, sitting on the grass massaging her ankle, she took the opportunity to surreptitiously shift her shorts to one side and relieve herself.

The second occasion was the most embarrassing moment of her life. She was at the back of a queue of five for the two stalls with both a door and a non-flooded toilet when she realised she wasn't going to make it. In the split-second where she began leaking she decided to opt for the toilet over her pants. Her face was crimson as she simultaneously let a flood loose and pulled her pants down; she made eye contact with the other girls whose smirks confirmed that they had seen everything. A tear rolled down her cheek as she wiped and tried her best to dry her little accident. The subsequent teasing had shaken her, and she developed a great aversion to school toilets. Whatever the pressure on her bladder, she always made it out of the school from that day, and now she had spent seven years without using a single school toilet. But today, she had decided, that was going to change. Today Miss. Black was going to pee at school.

