Hannah`s Birthday Weekend - Page 4

Author: Gemmy

*079*2020-09-07 12:02

Chapter 28

Something woke her up suddenly. It took a few moments for her to come round and focus on her surroundings. The hotel room was gently illuminated by the street lights on the road below coming through the open balcony door. Whatever dream she had been having that had caused her to wake with such a jolt slipped away and she couldn’t remember any of it. The only thing she knew was that she was bursting for a wee. She slipped a hand between her legs and pushed against her pussy as her aching bladder sent distress signals, begging for relief.

She threw off the covers and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. As she stood up she could see the outline of Claire in her bed and quietly tiptoed past heading for the bathroom. She groaned and squinted as the bathroom light stung her eyes as she turned it on. She moved over to the toilet and pulled down her pyjama bottoms, sitting down and relaxing her bladder. She closed her eyes, just sitting there as her bladder emptied and the ache started to ease. She could have quite easily sat there and gone back to sleep but once she had finished peeing she forced herself to pull her bottoms back up and stand up.

She wandered back to her bed and flopped down, wrapping herself in the duvet. She picked up her phone and clicked it on. The screen lit up and she saw it was “3:54”. She noticed some unread messages and as she opened them she remembered she had been messaging with Matt and must have fallen asleep. She read the messages and smiled when she read the last one “I’m guessing you have nodded off, you must have been tired after your exciting day. Goodnight and sweet dreams sweetie, speak to you tomorrow”. She put her phone down and felt a pang of guilt. She hated falling asleep whilst talking to him, he never minded but she always felt awful when it happened. She put her phone back down and rolled over to go back to sleep.

She was starting to doze but her mind kept focusing on how dry her mouth was. She kept trying to ignore it but the more she tried the more she needed to drink something. Eventually she gave in and got up, heading to the bathroom. On the way she grabbed one of the glasses from next to the kettle and filled it up at the sink. She downed a glass of water and gasped with how good it felt. She had a couple more glasses before heading back to bed. That had definitely helped and she soon found herself falling back to sleep.

###

The next thing she knew she had been woken by the sound of seagulls. She quickly checked her phone and saw it was almost 9 o’clock. She knew they hadn’t made any plans to meet up early so she sent Matt a message saying Good morning and snuggled down under the duvet. She wasn’t sure what they were doing that day before heading home. After the past two days they would probably just do something chill. She let herself come round and pushed herself up so she was sat up. She glanced over and saw Claire was still sound asleep so she decided against putting the TV on and disturbing her.

She sat relaxing and scrolling through social media until she could no longer the need for her morning pee. As she headed to the bathroom she decided to have a quick shower whilst she was there. She turned on the water and let it warm up whilst she stripped out of her pyjamas and used the toilet. She hopped under the warm water and had a quick shower. When she got out she wrapped herself in a towel and wandered back to her bed. She put her things down and wandered out onto the balcony. It seemed like another beautiful day and she decided to go out for a walk before she came back and packed up her things. She dried herself off and slipped on some underwear and put on the white skirt she had worn on the Saturday night. She finished off by slipping on a t-shirt and her black hoodie. As she sat tying her trainers she saw Claire was awake.

“Morning Claire, I’m off out for a walk, you want to come?”. She asked as Claire sat up in bed.

“Nah im good, just gonna chill for a bit before getting up” replied Claire, yawning.

Kayleigh finished putting her shoes on and grabbed her things and told Claire she wouldn’t be long. She headed out and down to the hotel lobby and stepped out into the fresh morning air. She drank it in and crossed over to head onto the beach. She slowly walked along the beach and as she was her phone buzzed and she saw Matt had replied. She asked if he was busy and when he said he wasn’t she rang him and had a lovely chat with him as she wandered along next to the sea. Once she reached the pier she crossed back over and bought herself a coffee and a pastry from a little bakery and sat down to eat it.

By the time she had finished her pastry and her coffee she finished her conversation with Matt and hung up and sat for a while enjoying the view. Eventually she got up and set off slowly walking back to the hotel. Her plan was to head back and get herself packed and then to head down to the hotel bar and see if anyone else was around.

As she got back to her room she heard Claire was in the shower so she switched the TV on and set about gathering her things and packing them into her bag. She got to a point where the only things left were her things in the bathroom which she would need her toothbrush later after breakfast so she zipped up her bag and headed down to the hotel bar.

When she got down there she found Tom and Hannah sitting at one of the tables so she waved and said good morning and headed over to the bar to get a cup of coffee. She joined her friends and they sat chatting and slowly but surely the others came down and joined them. They ordered and ate breakfast and then discussed their plans for the day. After a few suggestions were thrown around they decided on a plan. Just down the coast there was a big activity centre and adventure golf which sounded like fun so they decided they would pack up the bus and drive down there, spend some time there and afterwards just chill out on the beach for a while before setting off home. It sounded like a good plan so they headed upstairs to their rooms to grab their things.

15 minutes later Kayleigh went over to reception and handed in her keycard and took her bag and sat outside waiting for the others. When they came out they loaded up their bags into the bus and climbed aboard for the drive down to the next town along the coast where the activity centre was. As they set off Kayleigh made a mental note to definitely come back to this place, it had been awesome.

*080*2020-09-09 01:36

Chapter 29

Kayleigh was impressed. Very impressed. When the suggestion of mini golf had been thrown in it had sounded fun. She always enjoyed mini golf but she had not expected this. She had expected something much smaller. As she stepped off the bus she took it all in. Spread out in front of her was a massive adventure golf course set on multiple levels and featuring some impressive props and set pieces.

It had taken them about 40 minutes to drive along the coast to reach the place and it had definitely seemed like a good decision. They walked into the building and in one corner Kayleigh could see an arcade and next to it was a bar. They went up to the reception and purchased 6 tickets and were each handed a putter, a ball and a scorecard. She took her items and picked up a leaflet about the place. She opened it up and looked across the map of the course. 18 holes each with a different theme. “Wild West”

“Tropical Island”

“Jurassic Park”

“Haunted House”. As she went down the list they all sounded great and from what little she had seen outside she couldn’t wait to see the rest.

In the distraction of looking at the map she hadn’t noticed Mike and Hannah slip off to the bar. It was only when he told her they had got a selection of bottles of pop and asked what she wanted that she realised. She chose a bottle of raspberry lemonade and slipped it into her bag and followed the others to the start of the first hole.

There was a sign explaining that the 18 holes were set out as one long trail which was followed along to get to each one. They read through the guide and the rules and set off along the path to where the course started. “Hole 1 “Yellow Brick Road”. She looked in awe at the theme of the first hole. The course was painted as the yellow brick road and around them were props and characters from the Wizard of Oz. She loved that this was hole 1, the beginning of their adventure. Claire set them off taking her first stroke and one by one they followed suit.

By the end of the first hole the competitive spirit had taken hold as they filled out their score cards, each of them determined to win. They still had 17 holes to go, it was all to play for. After filling out their cards they walked along a path and through a door and found themselves outside, surrounded by palm trees and sun beds, “Hole 2, Tropical Paradise”. She put her ball in the starting position and made a comment about her starting first because she had won the last hole. Her friends laughed and told her it wouldn’t last. She smiled and concentrated on the course ahead of her, determined to win.

###

Kayleigh picked her ball out of the hole and stood back to let Lucy take her shot. She pulled the bottle of lemonade out of her bag and took a swig. She replaced the top and put it back in her bag. As she did she felt another twinge in her bladder. She had been feeling twinges of need for the past ten minutes and found herself wishing she had taken the time to nip to the bathroom before they had started. They had just finished hole 11 and had 7 more to go. Unfortunately for her the way the course was laid out there wasn’t an option to just nip back inside and come back. She would have to walk all the way to the end and then back through the first 11 holes and that just seemed too much of a hassle. Hopefully it wouldn’t take them long to get to the end. It had taken them about an hour to get this far so she guessed maybe another half hour. She watched the others finish the hole and added the results to her scorecard before following the path towards the next hole.

For the next few holes the distraction of playing and the competitive spirit kept her mind occupied but as she drank down the last of her raspberry lemonade and placed the empty bottle back in her bag it was getting harder to ignore her bladder. The coffees she had had with breakfast plus the lemonade were really starting to take effect. She was glad they only had 4 holes left. She was really enjoying the game and the hilarity that was ensuing thanks to their questionable putting skills but the more time that passed the more her need to pee was growing.

She really noticed it at the end of the next hole when she bent down to pick up her ball. The added pressure made her squirm slightly as she stood back up. Finishing off her bottle of lemonade might not have been the smartest idea. As she waited for the others to finish she was joined by Lucy who took out her bottle of orangeade and sipped it down until it was done.

“Ahhhh that was nice, it’s quite warm again today” she said, slipping the bottle into her bag.

“Yeah, it’s really nice, we have definitely lucked out this weekend” replied Kayleigh.

“We certainly have, it couldn’t have been any better,” said Lucy smiling. “Though staying hydrated in the heat sure does make me need to pee a lot” she added.

Kayleigh laughed and said “tell me about it, I’ll be glad when we finish, I’m really needing a wee right now”.

Lucy smiled and said “yeah me too, only 3 holes left, not much longer to go”.

Kayleigh was just glad that she wasn’t the only one needing to go and turned her focus back to the game at hand. Trying her best to distract herself from the growing pressure between her legs and her quickly filling bladder.

*082*2020-09-10 11:13

Chapter 30

“Wooooooo nice shot Kay” shouted Hannah, clapping.

Kayleigh had shocked herself with that one. She had just intended to get the ball to the end of the course within distance of the hole. Instead it had bounced off the side and rolled straight in. She walked towards the hole looking smugly and said “Yep, totally meant to do that”.

“Suuuuure you did” replied Hannah laughing.

Kayleigh winked back and leaned down to retrieve her ball from the hole. She winced as she did as bending over put added pressure on her bladder. She grabbed her ball and moved off to the side to stand with Hannah. She gently tapped her foot and bounced her leg as she stood watching the others. She found herself urging them to hurry up and take their shots, after this hole they only had one left and then they would be back at the main building and she could head to the bathroom. Something she was looking forward to as she was absolutely busting for a pee.

The coffees were certainly taking effect on her bladder and she knew the lemonade she had just finished would be slowly adding to the problem. She squeezed her legs together as she thought about it. She tried to focus on the game and her friends playing but it was getting harder to ignore her need for a wee. At least they were almost done. Had they been a few holes back she might have been more worried at how quickly her bladder was filling but it shouldn’t take them long to finish the last hole.

“Well done Lucy” said Hannah and Kayleigh joined her in clapping as Lucy putted her ball into the hole. She retrieved it and came and stood next to Kayleigh. Kayleigh noticed she was a little squirmy as she stood next to her and Lucy looked round and gave Kayleigh a knowing smile and mouthed “I really need a wee”. Kayleigh nodded and whispered “me too”. They both laughed and turned back to cheer on Mike.

Eventually they all finished the hole and updated their scorecards before moving along the path towards the final hole. When they got there they read the notice that informed them this was the final hole and once they had potted their balls they wouldn’t return and they just had to bring their putters back to the desk. They moved to the start of the last hole and Claire started them off. Kayleigh squirmed as she waited for her turn. It really wasn’t helping that either side of the final course were two ponds each with a fountain in the centre. The sound of the running water was making her need seem so much worse and had she been on her own she would have probably being squirming so much more, however she was subtly fidgeting and squeezing her thighs, trying not to make it too obvious that she was starting to get to the point of being bursting.

When it was finally her turn she placed her ball down and took her first shot. It took her a few shots to get to the pipe that led down to where the hole was and then she stood waiting for the rest to get in before they headed down the steps to the final part. Tom went first as he was nearest to the hole and then Hannah, then Kayleigh. A couple of shots later and she sank her ball and did a little celebration dance before stepping off to the side so the others could finish. She updated her card and totted up her final score.

“Come on come on come on” she muttered to herself as the others finished off. She was now definitely at bursting point and wanted so badly to just head off to the bathroom but she didn’t just want to leave the others. Instead she just crossed and bounced her legs in an attempt to ease the pressure. One by one the others finished and they all joined up and added up their scores.

“Ooooo well done Mike” she said as she saw he had won by a few strokes. She had come third and was happy with that. There wasn’t too much difference between them all. As they set off back to hand in their putters she only had one thing on her mind. They reached the desk and handed over their clubs. As Kayleigh handed hers in she turned round and found Lucy looking around, obviously looking for where the toilets were. Kayleigh joined her and eventually spotted them across the room where the bar was and pointed them out. Lucy made a beeline for them and Kayleigh followed.

As they entered the bathroom Lucy went into one of the stalls and as Kayleigh went towards the second one she saw it was closed. She stood back and crossed her legs, hoping it wouldn’t be long before the stall became free. Suddenly the sound of Lucy peeing filled her ears and she squeezed her legs tight as her bladder pulsed in response. A few moments later the other stall opened and a lady walked out and smiled at Kayleigh. She smiled back and then quickly dashed into the stall. She was glad she was wearing her skirt and quickly pulled down her knickers and sat down, sighing softly as her stream started.

She smiled as the feeling took over her and made her pussy tingle with arousal. Perhaps it had always felt this good and had aroused her a little but it was only since Claire had mentioned it that she had really noticed how it felt. She focused on the feeling of relief washing over her and as she did the more her clit tingled with excitement. She would have loved nothing more than to reach down and give her clit a little stroke but she was a good girl and only did that when she had permission. She forced herself to pull her knickers back into place and leave the stall.

After washing her hands she went out and found the others sitting at a table. She joined them and they decided to grab a drink and spend some time in the arcade before driving down to the beach and spending a couple of hours relaxing before their drive home. It sounded like a good plan so Kayleigh went and got herself a drink and wandered over to the arcade to see if there was anything she wanted to play.

*083*2020-09-10 20:46

Chapter 31

Kayleigh placed her knife and fork on the empty plate and patted her stomach. They had spent some time playing in the arcade knowing it would be their last chance of the weekend and had then decided whilst they were there they would grab some lunch before heading down to the beach. She had ordered herself a tuna melt baguette with chips and it had been absolutely delicious.

She grabbed her bottle of raspberry lemonade and sat back in her chair, putting the straw in her mouth and sipping it as she listened to the conversation her friends were having. Once everyone had finished eating and had finished their drinks they set to make a move. They had already decided to head to the beach but they had also decided it would be best to set off home later on after the rush hour. If they waited and set off about 6 o’clock they should hopefully miss most of the traffic on the motorway.

They walked out to the bus and once on board they set off down towards the beach. It didn’t take them long to get there and after they parked up they got off the bus and walked across to the beach and found themselves a spot to sit. As they had parked up they had spotted a shop just along the road so Mike and Tom walked across to it. When they came back they had gotten some drinks and some snacks to enjoy as they chilled for the next few hours.

Kayleigh looked in the bag and saw they had gotten a variety of drinks and she pulled out a bottle of fruity cider and popped it open. She dug a little hole in the sand and put the bottle into it and made herself a pillow from her hoody before laying down to relax and enjoy the sunshine. For a while they chatted and joked and she slowly drank her cider and nibbled on some cheese puffs.

She was enjoying just laying there, listening to the waves, enjoying the warmth of the sun on her skin, simply just relaxing. She drained the last of her cider and placed the empty bottle into the bag to be disposed of later. She got herself a new bottle and after taking a swig she placed it into the hole she had made and laid back down. Music started playing and she looked round. Mike had put the radio on on his phone. She listened to the music, singing along in her head and slowly feeling more and more relaxed.

###

The sound of music and the gentle sound of traffic came to her as the dream began to slip away. It took her a moment to remember where she was and then she realised she must have fallen asleep. As she came round she could hear her friends somewhere in the distance. When she opened her eyes she squinted against the sunlight and rubbed her eyes. She sat herself up and glanced at her watch. She guessed she had been asleep about an hour and half judging by the time.

As she looked around she found Hannah laid next to her and she realised she was also asleep. She looked down the beach and saw the others playing with a frisbee that they had bought at the shop when they went to get drinks. She rubbed her eyes again bringing herself round and reached down for her drink. As she took a long drink she realised how badly she needed a wee. Not that she was surprised, it had been hours since she had been at the golf place and she had had a pint of cider and a bottle of lemonade since then.

She looked around and realised there wasn’t anywhere near to go. There was a park across the road where they were parked but it was only small, there were no public toilets in there. Beyond that there were just some shops one one side and houses on the other. She turned back round and debated what to do. She would have to have a walk somewhere and find a bathroom, and sooner rather than later, she was really needing a wee. She looked up and down the road debating what way was best to go. She guessed the side with the shops and the other way just seemed like houses. Surely somewhere amidst the shops would be somewhere with a bathroom.

The more she thought about finding somewhere the more her need seemed to intensify. Now she was awake and thinking about it her bladder definitely wanted release. She looked down at her friends and just as she thought about going down to them to let them know she was going for a walk she had a thought. They were all the way down at the edge of the sea. Hannah was next to her but she was sound asleep. Maybe she could sneakily pee right here. It wasn’t something she wanted to do but given the lack of choices it was probably her best bet.

As if in response to the thought her bladder pushed harder adding pressure onto her pussy. She looked down at her friends and convinced herself they were far enough away that they wouldn’t see anything.

“Hannah…..Hannah” she whispered, looking at her friend lying next to her. There was no response, she was definitely in the land of nod. She glanced around behind her. Apart from the traffic going by there was nobody around. She was going to do it, she needed to do it before she got too desperate. She was just glad she was wearing a skirt, it would make this so much easier.

She shuffled to the side away from where Hannah was laying and used her hands to dig a little ditch in front of her. She kept glancing around feeling like any moment somewhere would appear from nowhere. Once she had dug down a little she took a deep breath and reached up her skirt. She took one last glance around and pulled her knickers to the side. Her heart started beating faster as she exposed herself. She shuffled forward towards the hole and with a bit of encouragement telling herself it was okay she started peeing. At first it came out in little trickles but it soon turned into a gushing stream. She kept an eye out checking for anyone coming but all she could think was how good it felt. She looked down and was glad to see the sand absorbing her stream that was splashing into the hole.

When her stream eventually died down she let herself completely finish before letting her knickers fall back into place. She quickly covered over the puddle with sand and shuffled back to her spot. Her heart was beating fast and her mind racing at the fact she had done that and gotten away with it.

She picked up her bottle and took a drink, slowly coming down from the exhilaration and calming down. She sat watching her friends playing Frisbee for a while before they came back up the beach and sat themselves down. She looked at her watch and figured they had another hour or so before they would be setting off for home and laid back down, wanting to make the most of the sun to top up her tan.

*086*2020-09-12 19:59

Chapter 32

A shiver ran down her body as the wind whipped against her. She looked down at the sea which had gradually been crawling its way up the beach as the tide came in. She rubbed her legs as another gust sent another shiver through her. It had definitely come colder as the afternoon had gone on. She unfolded her hoody that she had been using as a pillow and shook it out before slipping it on. It warmed her up a little but her legs were still cold so she decided to go and change into her joggers, they would be warmer and more comfortable for the drive home.

After grabbing the keys from Mike she headed over to where the bus was parked and opened up the back doors, pulling out her bag and rummaging for her joggers which she found at the bottom. She had packed them in case the weather had been cold but as it had been lovely and warm all weekend she hadn’t worn them. She thought about getting on the bus to change but then realised as she was wearing a skirt it would be really simple. She kicked off her trainers and slipped her legs into the grey joggers, slowly pulling them up and under her skirt. In a quick motion she undid her skirt and pulled the waistband of the joggers into place and let the skirt fall down. She picked up the skirt and folded it neatly into the bag before pushing it back into the bus with the others. She went and rejoined the others and slowly finished her bottle of cider and the bag of crisps she had been nibbling on.

20 minutes later they were ready to make a move. As they packed up their things and bagged up their rubbish Kayleigh found herself wondering what she was going to do about her bladder. She needed to pee. Not badly but she certainly wanted to go before they set off. Just as she was thinking about it her query was answered.

“We will need to stop off and fill up with petrol before heading home,” said Mike. “I’ve had a look, there is a supermarket just on the way out of town with a petrol station so we can fill up and then if anyone wants the loo or anything for the journey home we can go to the supermarket”.

They all acknowledged and Kayleigh was glad she wouldn’t have to take another sneaky wee in the sand. It would have been much harder now she was wearing joggers. She gathered her things and followed the others off the beach and back to the bus. After taking one last look along the beach and taking one last breath of fresh sea air she climbed onto the bus and sat herself on the back seat. Once everyone was on board they set off and it didn’t take them long to get through town and reach the supermarket.

Mike jumped out and filled up the bus with petrol as Tom went into the shop to pay. After they were full and ready for the trip home they drove around and parked up outside the supermarket and headed inside. As they walked in they all headed towards the bathrooms and Kayleigh followed suit. When they reached the bathroom she went into one of the stalls and emptied her bladder. She smiled to herself as her mum came to mind, telling her that even if she didn’t need to pee she should try before any long journey they went on. Had this been a normal journey she probably wouldn’t have bothered but she would rather start off empty. She guessed they would be stopping off at some point along the way but she didn’t know when and where that would be.

After finishing up and washing her hands she headed out into the store. She walked down to the drinks aisle and had a look at what was on offer. Lucy joined her and they decided rather than getting a little bottle of pop each they would get a bigger one to share. They decided on some cloudy lemonade and then Lucy grabbed a smaller bottle for Mike, They went into the next aisle and grabbed a big bag of sweets to share as well before heading to the checkout.

After paying for their things they headed back to the bus and found Mike sitting waiting. Kayleigh handed him his bottle of pop and climbed into the back. She sat waiting, listening to Mike and Lucy talking and smiled, looking forward to their wedding. Eventually everyone came back and once they were happy everyone was good they set off. Homeward bound.

They made their way through the outskirts of the town, heading for the motorway. Once through the countless traffic lights and stops they joined onto the motorway and picked up speed. As they went along they talked and laughed about the weekend and their favourite parts and in and amongst sang along to the radio. Kayleigh looked at her watch, just after 6 o’clock. It had taken about 3 hours to get here when they came so she estimated with a stop off they should be home about half past 9. She sent a message to Matt telling him they had set off home. He replied a couple of minutes later telling her to let him know when she was home. She smiled and told him she would. She loved how much he cared about her.

An hour later and everyone had settled down. Mike and Tom were chatting to each other up at the front. Claire had put her earphones in and was listening to music, Hannah was reading a magazine she had gotten at the supermarket and Lucy was leant against the window against her jacket, sound asleep. Kayleigh also doubted her initial estimation of half past 9. They had hit a pocket of traffic along the motorway. From what the roadside matrices were saying there had been an accident somewhere up ahead and three lanes had been closed meaning all traffic was funnelling through one lane. At least they were still moving, albeit slowly. At least they weren’t hitting this at rush hour, that would have been so much worse.

She had been idly scrolling through her social media but was bored of that so she put her phone back in her bag. She took a drink of the lemonade and then grabbed a handful of sweets. She gently rested her head against the window, slowly sucking and chewing on the sweets as she idly watched the traffic around her and the scenery as it slowly passed by. She closed her eyes for a moment, listening to the radio, the sound of Mike and Tom chatting in the front, the gentle vibration of the window on her forehead. She suddenly found herself starting to nod off and didn’t fight it, letting herself slowly fall asleep.

*088*2020-09-14 10:26

Chapter 33

The first thing she noticed was a sharp pang from her bladder and she squeezed her legs together as she felt the strong need to pee. She opened her eyes and saw cars whizzing by as they headed down the motorway. She realised she had fallen asleep and slowly let herself come round, watching the cars and scenery go flying by.

The more she came round she noticed just how much she needed to pee. Maybe it had been her bladder that had woken her up. She suddenly noticed that outside the window the sky was darkened and she looked at her watch. It was almost half past 9, no wonder it was getting dark outside. The last she remembered they had been stuck in slow moving traffic, but that had been before she had fallen asleep, that was two hours ago. She must have had a good sleep. The fun and excitement of the weekend had obviously caught up with her.

She rubbed her eyes as she stretched her legs out and let out a yawn. She looked around and found that she wasn’t the only one who had obviously needed a nap. Lucy was sitting next to her, curled up in a ball under her jacket, Hannah was in front of her leaning against the window and Claire was slouched in her seat with her legs against the chair in front. She couldn’t be sure if she was asleep or just chilling listening to her music as her earphones were still on.

She looked out of the window looking for any sign of something she recognised. If she had been asleep two hours they must be getting close to being home. As the buildings and fields went by she couldn’t be sure where they actually were, a lot depended on how long they had actually been in that hold up at the accident.

Her mouth felt really dry so she reached down and picked up the bottle of lemonade and took a big swig. Regretting her decision as she put the bottle down and her bladder sent another sharp pang of need. “I hope we are actually close to being home” she thought to herself as her mind focused on her bladder. She couldn’t be surprised, it had been over three hours since she had last gone at the supermarket and the bottles of cider in the afternoon and the copious amount of lemonade she had consumed had clearly taken effect.

At first she was shocked that they hadn’t stopped off midway through the journey. Then a thought occurred to her, perhaps they had stopped off somewhere and she had just been dead to the world so her friends had left her to sleep. Perhaps with everyone else being asleep, Mike had just decided against stopping and continued on uninterrupted. Either way she was wishing she had been awake if they had stopped so she could have taken advantage of the bathroom. She was absolutely busting.

A little way along the motorway she spotted a sign showing various destinations and she saw that their hometown was 20 miles away. They should be home within the next half hour then. That was good for her, she knew by that point she would certainly welcome the chance to pee. She would be fine as long as her need didn’t grow too much before she got home.

Unfortunately for her that wasn’t the case. With each passing minute her need seemed to keep getting worse and she soon found herself bursting full and bordering on being desperate. She kept telling herself that they would be home soon and tried to distract herself from the intense pressure between her legs. A sign flew by with details of the services coming up but she knew they were the opposite side of where they would be coming off. She had no choice but to sit and squirm and try to ease her need. Not that it mattered, even if the services had been in a mile she probably wouldn’t have been able to pluck up the courage to ask Mike to pull off, the thought of explaining to him that she was bursting to pee and asking him to stop mortified her. She would be fine, it didn’t matter how bursting you got you could always hold on until you reached the toilet.

She sat squirming and wiggling on her bum, counting down the minutes. She started recognising the surroundings and knew they would be coming off the motorway within the next few minutes. As if responding to that thought of getting closer to relief her bladder pulsed and a spike of need washed over her. She slid her hand between her legs and pushed against her pussy to stop herself from leaking. She hated those moments. Those sudden spikes where the pressure intensified and made it feel like she was about to start wetting herself. As she was she was managing to hold on but she knew now those sudden spikes had started she would soon tip from being bursting to being desperate.

A few minutes later and that had come true. She had quickly gone from easily managing to control her bladder to feeling like any second she would lose that control. She needed to get home really soon, she was almost wetting herself. All she could do was squirm in her seat, holding her aching pussy and urging Mike to drive faster. With each wave of need that hit her she had to clench her muscles tight and hope she wouldn’t leak. The pressure was getting so intense and harder to find relief from.

She almost shouted with joy when they came off the exit and down the slip road to the main road that would take them to their town. “Not much longer, not much longer, come on come on come on” she chanted to herself, convincing herself that she wouldn’t have to hold back the ocean in her bladder for much longer.

As they drove along the main road and reached the outskirts of town she cursed at the huge number of traffic lights that ran around the ring road. It was made so much worse that each light they stopped at there was very little traffic going the other way. All she could do was pray for the lights to turn green and focus on keeping her knickers dry. A task that seemed more and more impossible with each passing minute.

“No no no, what, why?” she asked herself as Mike suddenly turned off the ring road and pulled into Tesco’s. “Why are we stopping now?”. Mike pulled into the petrol station and jumped out. As he walked around to the back of the bus where the fuel tank was he saw Kayleigh looking at him and smiled, waving at her through the window. She waved back and urged him to hurry up.

For a few minutes as he filled up the bus she squirmed and moaned to herself. She couldn’t remember that last time she had needed to wee this badly. It was all she could think about and now they had stopped it seemed so much worse. As Mike got back into the driver's seat he looked in the rear view mirror and said “Hey sleepy head, sorry for the stop, we said we would bring the bus back full so I was just topping her up”. Kayleigh could only nod and reply “mmhmm”. Her mind wasn’t capable of forming longer words at this moment, her whole mind was focused on desperately trying not to flood the bus with pee.

Mike looked back at the others and said “As seen as you are awake we will drop you off first, then Hannah and Tom, then we will drop Claire off on our way back to ours”. Kayleigh nodded in acknowledgment. This was both good and bad news from her point of view. It was good as she was getting dropped off first but bad news as she lived the furthest away. Had they been going to Claire’s first she would have definitely been begging to use her bathroom. It made sense though, dropping her off first meant Mike could then make his way back towards his and Lucy’s house dropping off along the way. As they pulled out of the petrol station she told herself she would be fine, just ten more minutes and she would be home, she could hold on, she had to. No matter how much she just wanted to open her legs and release her brimming bladder she had to hold on.

“Oh fuck oh fuck”. She pushed her hand against her pussy and squeezed her legs as the wave hit her and she felt a trickle dampen her knickers. It was so hard not to pee. Her whole body was telling her she needed it but she couldn’t let it happen. Another trickle escaped and dampened her knickers even more. “Oh fuck, just a little longer, don’t wet yourself, don’t wet yourself” she thought over and over, desperately trying to stop her knickers getting any wetter. Thought it was getting harder. Now the trickles had started she couldn’t stop them. Every ten seconds or so a few dribbles of pee would escape and get absorbed by her knickers. At least they were being absorbed. At least her joggers were staying dry and not showing that she was starting to wet herself like a little girl.

Her heart skipped a beat as they pulled onto her road. “Yes yes almost there” she muttered to herself, although she realised once they stopped she would have to remove her hand from between her legs and stop putting pressure on her pussy. She forced herself to let go and clenched her muscles tight, gasping as she leaked. Once the bus stopped Tom got out and opened up the door, gently waking up Hannah so Kayleigh could get out. Once Hannah had climbed out Kayleigh stood up and climbed down the step and onto the pavement.

She wanted to break out dancing and squirming but she forced herself to remain calm in front of her friends, despite the fact that standing up had caused another leak and she could feel how wet her knickers were getting. Suddenly Hannah hugged her tight and thanked her for a wonderful weekend. Kayleigh gasped as the sudden pressure on her bladder sent a spurt shooting into her knickers. She quickly told her she was welcome and let her get back on the bus. She took her luggage from Mike and gave him a quick hug before he jumped back on the bus and she waved as they drove off.

The moment they were out of sight she crossed her legs tight and bent over, holding herself tight to regain control. She could feel the wetness through her joggers and squirmed hard as she focused all her strength on keeping control. Once she felt confident she was in control she quickly walked up to her front door. When she got there she danced on the spot as she looked through her bag for her keys. “Where are they!” she said aloud as her bladder pulsed in response to being so close to relief. She eventually found them and as she fumbled with them to get the right key in the lock a long spurt came out of nowhere causing her to grab herself and drop her keys. When she looked down she saw a streak running down the inside of her thigh on her joggers.

“Oh fuck I need a wee I need a wee, please please please” she chanted to herself, dancing and squirming frantically trying to hold on. As she bent down to retrieve her keys another spurt escaped this time soaking around her butt. No matter how much she needed to hold and make it to the bathroom it just seemed so far away and she just needed to wee. She couldn’t wait anymore.

The spurts were getting bigger and she couldn’t control them. There was a few seconds where she realised it was going to happen before she exploded and started completely soaking her knickers and joggers. She couldn’t believe she was actually wetting herself, she had always reached the bathroom before no matter how desperate she had been but this time it had been too much. She soon went from being shocked that she was wetting herself to feeling absolute bliss as the pressure lifted and was replaced with heavenly relief. She leaned back against the wall, moaning with how good it felt to finally wee. God it felt amazing to release after waiting for so long. She was just glad that this hadn’t happened on the bus or in front of her friends.

She peed for what seemed like forever and when she finally finished she let out a long happy sigh. She looked down and found her grey joggers completely soaked all the way down her legs and a huge puddle running off her front door step. The feeling of relief soon turned back into shock and embarrassment at what had just happened. She had just completely wet herself like a little child who couldn’t control herself. God she was pathetic.

She grabbed her keys and opened up the door, hoping to god none of her neighbours had seen her. Once inside she kicked off her trainers and realised she would have to wash them as they were soaked with pee. She peeled off her socks and quickly dashed upstairs to the bathroom. She pulled off her hoody and t-shirt and threw them in the bath before peeling off her sopping wet joggers and knickers and throwing them in too. She rinsed everything through and left them to put in the wash in the morning. She quickly showered and went to her bedroom to put on some pyjamas.

Once dressed she went down to her kitchen and made herself a cup of tea before flopping onto her sofa. Her mind was racing and she felt like such an idiot and a failure for doing that, She had managed to put herself in a bad mood, not how she wanted to end her lovely weekend. She had been watching TV for a while before she remembered she needed to message Matt. She told him she was home and he replied with a smiley face and said he was glad she was okay. Her phone rang and she answered, clicking the video button and smiling when he appeared on the screen. He asked how she was and she told him she was fine. 

He immediately asked her what was wrong and she knew it was pointless telling him nothing was wrong. He could read her like an open book and always knew when something was bothering her. But could she tell him what had just happened. Her initial response was no, she never wanted to tell anyone, but this was Matt, she told him everything. She let out a sigh and started to tell him about her journey home. She felt embarrassed telling him this but she knew if she didn’t he would know she was hiding something. She knew he would somehow make her feel better.

*090*2020-09-16 09:40

Chapter 34

Kayleigh groaned as she woke up. For a brief moment she was happily snuggled up in her bed. Then the memory of what had happened the night before came rushing back and she buried herself under her duvet, wanting to hide herself from the world. She knew her clothes were still in the bath and needed to put in the washing machine but the more she thought about doing so the more she just wanted to stay put and forget about it.

She had told Matt everything that had happened. It had been hard to admit to him what she had done and was worried he would somehow view her differently. She knew deep down that wouldn’t be the case but her anxiety made it seem like he would learn the truth and suddenly leave. She had forced herself to tell him and once she had she had laughed when he just nodded his head and accepted it. It was like she knew that was the reasonable response but her mind wouldn’t let her believe it was so simple. He had tried telling her it was fine and there was nothing to be ashamed of but she just couldn’t see it that way.

She had been looking forward to getting home to her own bed and enjoying some naughty playtime but her mood had changed. She was glad Matt could read her and hadn’t suggested anything, instead they had just talked about her weekend. She had let herself fall asleep whilst he talked to her, something she loved and did often. The last thing she remembered him saying before she did fall asleep was “In the morning I will show you that what happened is nothing to be ashamed of, you might think that now but trust me, I will soon change that”. She had been too tired to question what he meant and had just replied with “okay Sir, thank you”.

Now she was awake and wondering how he could possibly change her mind. It had been childish and stupid and pathetic. That’s just how it was. She found herself getting worked up as her mind battled with itself so she grabbed her phone from her bedside table and messaged Matt. She was glad when he responded quickly. She let out a sigh and hit the video button and waited for it to connect.

“Good morning beautiful”

His voice immediately started to sooth her and she smiled coyly and responded. “Good morning Sir, I wasn’t feeling too good so I wanted to call you”. He smiled and asked her what was wrong. She shrugged her shoulders and he nodded and asked if it was about the night before. She shyly nodded back and he smiled gently at her.

“Okay then, well then I need to cheer my good girl up then don’t I, can’t have her being sad”

She smiled as the warm fuzzy feeling she loved so much washed over her. She loved how just simple words from him could make her feel better.

“I want you to do something for me sweetie, and, as always if you feel uncomfortable doing so you don’t have to do it okay” he told her. She nodded in acknowledgement and he continued. “I want you to tell me how it felt last night when you wet yourself. Not how it felt afterwards or before, how it felt in that moment when you were actually doing it”.

Why did he want to know that? Could she even remember? She wasn’t sure if she wanted to think about it. She sighed and let her mind wander back to the night before.

“I guess, at first I was shocked that I had lost control, but then that feeling was taken over by how good it felt to finally pee. I had been holding it for so long and it had been so intense that the relief felt amazing. That was the only feeling I had Sir, it was so powerful it squashed everything else”. But then when it was over I felt….

“Nope, no afterwards, just during okay”. He prompted her.

“Okay, sorry Sir, it just felt amazing, like what Claire had said the other night about how it feels great when you wait for so long, she was certainly right about that. I just wish I had felt like that at the toilet”.

He nodded along and then asked her something which she didn’t expect.

“How did it feel to be wetting yourself? Did it feel wrong or did it feel, kind of, naughty?”.

Her mind raced. She knew well enough by now the difference between bad and naughty. If she was bad she had done something against his wishes, if she was naughty she was doing something sexy and fun. Her mind had been so occupied with the aftermath that she hadn’t thought about it being anything other than bad. Had it been naughty? Had it been fun? She had certainly enjoyed herself in the moment and she supposed there was something very taboo about it. Even so it was still a bad thing.

“I don’t know Sir, I did enjoy it at the moment but that was because it felt good, I just know how I felt afterwards” she responded to his question.

He smiled and said “well, I am going to try something right now, a little experiment. If you want to stop or don’t enjoy any part of it just use your safe word and we will stop, okay?”. She nodded and told him she would. It was rare that she did use her safe word but it was always a comfort knowing he would never push her limits past what she was happy with. “I take it you haven’t gotten out of bed yet?”. He asked her with a smirk.

“No Sir, I woke up not too long ago and called you” she responded, squirming a little at the sight of his smirk and wondering what his experiment was.

He smirked even more and responded “Well that’s good, now just one more question. Do you need to pee?”

*091*2020-09-16 11:32

Chapter 35

She squirmed as he brought her attention to her bladder. She did need to pee, she had done when she woke up, quite badly as she usually did in the morning, but talking with him had distracted her. Now he had focused her attention on her need; she realised just how much she needed to wee.

“I do Sir, pretty badly” she responded as she squeezed her legs together out of instinct.

His smirk widened. “Wonderful, now this is going to be one of those times where you are not allowed to pee until I say so”.

She squirmed hard as both her bladder and her pussy responded to that comment. It had only taken that one line to wake up her pussy and set her throbbing with need. God she loved how easily he could get her going. She nodded and told him she understood.

“Very good, now then, does my good girl want some edges for her needy pussy”.

“Oh very much so Sir, that would be lovely”. She responded moaning slightly.

“Okay, here’s the deal, you can edge as many times as you want, no limit or restraints. Your only restraint is your bladder, when you feel like your need to pee is greater than your need for edges then you will have to stop and go to the bathroom, understood”. His words sent shivers down her spine and all she could was nod and mutter “yes Sir”.

She pulled the duvet off of herself and slowly slid her hand down into her pyjama bottoms. She gasped as her fingers made contact with her pussy and she giggled when she found how wet she was. She slowly started teasing her clit and it didn’t take long before she was right on the edge.

As always when she was edging she counted off each one as it happened, moaning and squirming as each one pushed up her desperate need to cum. The edging was also affecting her bladder. Each edge made her need to pee intensify so much and it felt so good. Edging with a full bladder certainly felt different to normal edging, in the best possible way.

It was the perfect torture. The edging felt amazing so she wanted to just go forever but the ever growing need to pee was playing on her mind. She knew eventually she would have to give in and ask for permission to pee but she would wait until the very last moment to enjoy as many edges as she possibly could. It had only been a few days but she had missed just being able to lay in bed openly enjoying herself and talking to Matt.

It was when she had reached 16 that her desperation took over her and she found herself begging to be allowed to cum. It didn’t matter how much she enjoyed being denied and staying needy and desperate there was always something primal in her that made her beg, she couldn’t control it, she needed it so badly. With each “No” he growled her body responded causing her to edge even harder.

A few edges later and she gasped as she felt herself dribble a little pee over her fingers. God she was bursting to pee but it felt so good. “Just a little longer” she kept telling herself as her fingers glided across her clit, sending waves of beautiful pleasure through her body. The first dribbles had set her off. Every so often she felt herself pee a little and she knew if she didn’t stop soon she would end up wetting the bed, she didn’t need another shameful moment.

Suddenly she leaked and she felt her pyjama bottoms dampen. She knew she was reaching her limit and needed to stop. She told herself one more edge and then she would stop. She made it a good one and laid back, shaking and squirming as her body yearned for two kinds of release.

“Sir, I’m getting really desperate for a wee, may I please stop and go to the bathroom”.

“Hmmmmm, I think you have certainly earned it with all those edges, you may go to the bathroom, but take me with you” He responded with a growl.

“Thank you Sir” she moaned as she forced herself to remove her hand from between her legs. She slowly licked her fingers clean, putting on a show for him before jumping out of bed and heading for the bathroom. Now that she had stopped edging and that stimulation had gone she realised just how desperate she was, she was absolutely bursting.

As she entered the bathroom the sight of the toilet sent shockwaves through her bladder almost making her leak again. As she moved towards the toilet she stopped in her tracks as her mind processed what she had just heard.

“I hope you aren’t thinking about just peeing, I said you could go to the bathroom, I never gave you permission to pee”. His voice sent shivers through her as she realised what he was saying.

“Please please can I pee Sir, I need to go so badly”. She moaned as she danced on the spot.

“Not just yet baby girl, you know how much I love to see you squirm”. He responded with a cheeky wink.

She so desperately needed to pee but something about being told no just drove her crazy. She squirmed and danced and held herself, desperately trying not to leak anymore. She moved the phone down so he could see her squirming and then back to her face so she could beg for permission.

After a few minutes of desperately begging he told her to stand in the shower. She did so without question, wondering what he was doing. She didn’t care, all she could think about was her overwhelming need to pee, being so close to peeing but knowing she wasn’t allowed until he said so was such sweet torture. She hoped he let her go soon, if not she was going to wet herself again. She really didn’t want that. She moaned as a leak escaped past her fingers, making her pyjamas even more wet.

“Oh god please please please let me wee Sir, I just leaked and it's so hard to hold back”.

“Hmmmmm No!” he responded.

God why did it turn her on so much to be told no, regardless of what it was she was asking for. Another leak escaped her aching pussy and again she begged to be allowed to pee. “Please Sir, I’m about to wee myself and I really don’t want to”.

“If you really didn’t want to wet yourself you would have used your safe word already, you still can do but a big part of me thinks you won't use it”. He said with a smirk.

Her mind raced. It was true, at any moment she could use her safeword and use the toilet, she could do that right now and avoid wetting herself, yet she didn’t want to, she was enjoying this too much. As she danced and squirmed and felt more and more leaks escaping the more turned on she got. Again she begged to be allowed to pee and his response drove her crazy.

“I’m not going to give you permission to pee anytime soon so I guess you will just have to hold it or wet yourself….or you could end it now with a single word”.

She squirmed hard desperately trying not to pee, her mind was conflicted, she didn’t know what to think, she didn’t know what to do. As she battled with her mind her leaks turned into spurts and she knew she was slowly heading for that total loss of control. She was on the verge of having an accident and soaking her pyjamas, and yet she didn’t feel wrong, she didn’t feel ashamed, she just felt insanely aroused.

She frantically tried to hold back, not because she didn’t want to wet herself but because she didn’t have permission to pee. She desperately begged him over and over and suddenly his No’s became a “Yes you may pee”.

She let out a huge sigh as she relaxed and started peeing full force, soaking her pyjamas. She moaned loudly as the relief washed over her. “Oh thank you thank you Sir, it feels so good”.

“Now tell me now, does it feel bad or naughty?” he asked with a grin.

“Oh god it feels so naughty Sir” she moaned. The feeling of her pee running down her legs and her wet pajamas clinging to her felt really good. Her mind was telling her it was wrong but that just made it all the more right.

When she had finally emptied her bladder she stood taking in the feeling. Her heart was pounding and she realised she was breathing really heavily. She had just wet herself again, but, this time was different, this time it had been a choice, she had purposefully done it and that turned her on like crazy. She looked at her phone and found Matt smirking at her.

“I take it you enjoyed that sweetie?” he asked laughing.

“I...I did Sir...so much, thank you”. She replied, through her sharp hard breaths.

“See I wanted to experiment and see how you really felt about it, last night your mind took over and instantly made you feel bad because that would be the natural response to wetting yourself as an adult, however doing it like this shows just how naughty and fun it can be, you were either going to love it or hate it, I’m so glad it was the former.

She giggled and said she had certainly enjoyed it. He was right, he had definitely changed her mind. Anything can be fun when done in the right way. Like so many other things she had experimented with, she would have never imagined enjoying it so much.

“Now I think after that my good girl deserves a reward, how about some nice shower edges to finish off our morning fun”. He said, causing her heart to skip a beat. She didn’t need that suggesting twice. She turned on the shower and let it warm up as she slowly stripped out of her soaked pyjamas and added them to the pile from the night before. She aimed the water at the pile to rinse them off before she let the water cascade over her body. She had propped her phone in the rack where her shampoos and shower gel were kept and she wasted no time in slipping her hand back between her legs and teasing her pussy.

All the excitement meant it didn’t take her long to get back to the edge and she soon found herself desperate and begging again like the needy slut she was. Of course each time he begged he told her no and that just drove her even more crazy. She loved being his naughty little slut. After a number of edges he told her to stop and she thought that was going to be it. Instead he instructed her to get the shower head and turned it to the jet stream setting. She did so squirming and she anticipated what came next. He told her to sit down in the bath and use the water stream on her clit. She did so, moaning loudly as the water pounded against her clit sending ripples of pleasure through her and bringing her straight back to the edge. Then her heart started pounding as he told her what she was to do.

“For being such a good girl you deserve an extra reward, keep that water on your clit edging you and when I count down to 1 you are going to cum for me”.

Oh god it had been so long since she had last had an orgasm. She groaned as he started counting at 100. Knowing she was going to get to cum was making it so hard to hold back but if she did before she was allowed she would be in trouble. She just squirmed and whimpered as he counted down so achingly slow. Part of her thought he would do like he had done before and stop at 2, leaving her without an orgasm at all. Slowly but surely he counted down and when he reached 1 he growled “cum for me my good girl”.

Her body responded to his command and she moaned aloud as she tipped over the edge. A wave of pleasure slowly surged through her body and her pussy started tingling hard as the orgasm started. The tingling became almost unbearable before her orgasm hit and her pussy exploded. Wave after wave of burning hot pleasure surged through her from head to toe causing her to shake and silently scream in ecstasy.

It went on and on until it felt like it was never going to end. Slowly the intensity died down leaving her trembling with little aftershocks of pleasure. All she could do was mumble “thank you Sir” as she laid there sapped of energy and feeling so wonderful and floaty.

Eventually she gathered the strength to pull herself up on her jellyfied legs and let the water wash over her. She finished her quick shower and slipped on her towel robe before going and flopping back into bed. She spent a while talking to Matt before deciding she better head off and go do her laundry. As she hung up her phone she put it on charge and set off to the bathroom to grab her clothes and go and put them in the washer.

She couldn’t help but smile as she thought about what had happened that morning. It really never ceased to amaze her how many things could be fun and sexy, how many things she had learned since been with Matt, how many wonderful things she had tried and learned to love. She loved who she was when she was with him, she loved how confident and sexy she was, she loved how he made her feel, she loved how he cared about her, she loved everything about him.

She stopped suddenly, her heart beating faster at her thoughts. She loved everything about him, she loved whenever she was with him and the feelings she got whenever she was talking to him. She loved him as her dom and always told him that, but, could it be more than that, could it be possible that she had been slowly falling for him and not realised it. She had never really had romantic feelings for anybody before and had never bothered with dating so it had never even occurred to her. Her heart skipped a beat as she thought about it. Then the realisation hit her. Something she should have seen a long time ago, something subconsciously she had always known. She giggled and a huge smile grew on her face as she said it aloud.

“I’m in love with him”

The End

