"I`ll be Number One!" (An Umamusume Fanfiction)

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2025-08-27 04:37

After five years, I return to writing stories. I imagine I'm not the only one who has been playing Umamusume: Pretty Derby after it released on PC in the west. That silly horse game has gotten it hooks into me so badly that I've been playing almost daily since release. Of all the silly horse girls, I've become infatuated with two: Daiwa Scarlet and her roommate/rival Vodka. I love them both so goddamn much that for the first time in my life, I had to write a fanfiction.

A big thanks to @pogbernard who took time out her day to read this like 5 times and help clean up some of it.

###

I'll be Number One!

In the Rito dormitory of Tracen Academy, Daiwa Scarlet, the auburn haired model student of the Academy was sitting in her dorm room, flicking through the latest issue of Twinkle Monthly.

Her homework was done, her tiara had been polished until it sparkled and her signature racewear had been cleaned, pressed, and hung up in her dresser ready for her next race. It was the perfect day for a perfect student. So why didn’t it feel that way? Why did something still feel wrong? Daiwa peered up from her magazine and over to the empty bed across the room. As she looked up and down at the motorcycle posters haphazardly slapped onto the walls, she rolled her eyes.

It was just shy of 8 o’clock, and her wannabe deliquent of a roommate, Vodka, still wasn’t back. She put her magazine down and got up off her bed. She glanced out the window and looked down at the road leading to their dormitory. Not a person in sight. She puffed out her cheeks and rolled her eyes again before sitting down on her bed in a huff.

Curfew was at nine, and as things were going, it looked like it was going to be another night that Vodka was going to break curfew. There was no telling what she was up to. Daiwa could never figure it out, and every time she tried to confront Vodka about it she’d get the same answer: a shrug of the shoulders and reminder to mind her own damn business, as well that it was okay since she didn’t get caught.

Was she out training until late? Or was she out with her trainer? Daiwa wondered. That couldn’t be it. No trainer worthy of training the Umamusume of Tracen Academy would let their star racer do something as ridiculous as miss curfew.

So where in the world was she? Daiwa huffed. “Why am I even worried about her?” She traced a silhouette walking along the path with her finger, hoping it was Vodka. It wasn’t. Daiwa lumped herself down on her bed again and glared at the clock as it just passed eight.

Just then, the door swung open. Vodka strolled in, still dressed in her red tracksuit. She looked exhausted, her face was red and her eyes were heavy. Without a word, she flopped down on her bed.

“Gaaah…” She sighed wearily, sunk her body into her mattress and rolled over onto her side to meet Daiwa with a carefree grin. “Sup?” She spouted her usual cool hello before rolling over onto her back and kicking her legs into the air.

Daiwa leapt off her bed. She strolled over to Vodka, stood over her and thrust her hands sternly on her hips, leaning over her roommate until she was lost in her shadow. “Where have you been!? Curfew’s in an hour!” She exclaimed.

“Why do you care where I am?” Vodka rolled her eyes and sighed. This wasn’t their first bicker over the rules. She countered Daiwa’s authoritative stare with a furrowed brow and a scowl. “What business is it of yours where I am anyway?”

“If you skip curfew, then you’ll get in trouble!” She placed a hand on her heart. “How does that reflect on me, a model student, if I let my roommate skip curfew!”

Vodka rolled her eyes and lifted her arms, raising one to Daiwa especially. She pushed the Auburn Mare away with a single poke. Now that she had some breathing room, she sat up. “Relax. The training course is dead this time of night, so it’s perfect for some lone training.” She spun herself around and kicked her legs off the side of her bed and leant back, resting her arms behind her to keep herself up. “The Japanese Derby is in a few weeks, you know. I need to train as much as I can if I’m going to take first.” She looked Daiwa in the eyes and sneered.

Daiwa huffed, crossed her arms and cast her gaze away from her rival’s condescending sneer. She peered out the window, just so she didn’t have to look at Vodka. All this time she had been worried and all Vodka had been doing was running laps down at the track. “Well, make sure not to overdo it.” This all she could bring herself to say.

“I can't overdo anything when I train!” She thrust a victorious thumb toward herself and grinned.

Just then, she smacked her lips: drier than the turf in summer. It had been a long night of training and at her trainer’s request she made sure not to do anything too strenuous. She’d restricted herself to a few laps, maybe a dozen or two. But even such light training had left her feeling pretty parched. She had meant to get a bottle of water or two on the way back to the dorm but had completely forgotten.

Reaching into her tracksuit pocket, Vodka pulled out her silver flask. She unscrewed the cap and took a few gulps of the cold tea. “Pwah!” She sighed heartily, swilling the tea around in her mouth. “That hit the spot!”

Before she could take another sip, Vodka felt an all too familiar aura in the air. The air had gone cold and that growing Uma-shaped shadow, decorated with those long curtains, could only mean one thing. She looked up from her flask and again, saw Daiwa Scarlet looming, wearing that stern, fiery-eyed expression beneath her tiara.

She screwed the cap of the flask shut and let out a weary sigh. That look meant only one thing. “What now, Miss Model Student?” She asked with a tone so benign that it could only be construed as mockery.

Daiwa swiped the flask from her hand and before Vodka could do anything about it, threw it back onto her bed. “You’ve been training, right? You need to hydrate properly! You can’t just lie down and take a sip from that flask and think that’s enough!” The Auburn Mare rolled her eyes. “You need to replace all the fluids you’ve lost, which you’d know if you didn’t sleep through every class!”

Daiwa strolled back over to her own bed and leant down to reach underneath. After a few seconds of rummaging, she pulled out her school bag and reached in, taking out two bottles of water. “Here, you can drink one of these.” She reached out and offered a bottle to Vodka.

Vodka snatched the drink from Daiwa’s hand and unscrewed the lid. “I’m glad you’re concerned about my health.” She teased. “You’re being too generous to me.”

“I’m always generous to you. More than you deserve.” Daiwa rebuked her rival with a wrinkled nose and a light huff. She leant in again with her hands at her hips and smiled. “And besides, what kind of roommate would I be if I let you train without hydrating properly?”

Vodka nodded. That much was true. She knew it too well. They may butt heads more times than she’d care to, but Daiwa Scarlet had her moments. She took a sip of her water, and then another, and another, and before she knew it, she had washed down the entire bottle.

“Much better!” Vodka wiped the water from her lips. “I feel like I could run another hundred miles! Screw it, two hundred!”

“I’m glad, but don’t think I’m always going to give you a bottle of water.” Daiwa huffed then smirked. “Besides, maybe next time you can finish your drink faster than me.” She giggled.

Daiwa sat the other bottle of water, now empty, on her table. She sat back down on her bed and reached over for her magazine.

While she was reading, Vodka couldn’t help but fixate on the empty bottle by Daiwa’s bed. She was so busy drinking her own that she didn’t even realize Daiwa had opened the other. She had been grateful, but was this turning into one of her moments? Had Daiwa offered her a bottle of water, just so she could be the first to finish one?

It sounded stupid, even when Vodka thought the whole thing out in her head. But she’d known Daiwa for over a year now, and this wouldn’t be the first time she’d done something so stupid just in the name of calling herself first. Everything with her ended in some ridiculous contest to finish first, just so she could tout herself as the “Best Umamusume”. It wasn’t just races, sometimes it was eating, sometimes it was cleaning the dishes in the dorm kitchen, and once or twice it was even when they went to the bathroom together.

That one memory made Vodka grimace. She could still remember it too clearly. Her own personal time in the bathroom, doing the thing everybody does, a time of peace, ruined by the Auburn Mare in the stall next to her, claiming that she could finish the fastest. Vodka still remembered the look on Daiwa’s face after she emerged from the stall, proud that she had finished her business the quickest, only for that smug face to melt when she saw Vodka was already washing her hands.

Then, like the flick of a switch, something turned on in Vodka’s mind. She couldn’t really explain it; maybe she was just fed up with this constant contest she found herself in with her roommate. Maybe it was the enjoyment she felt seeing Daiwa humbled after beating her at the Oka Sho, that was a memory she’d forever cherish, seeing that smug look of superiority wiped off her rival's face on the second place podium. Whatever it was, Vodka had made up her mind.

Tonight was going to be one of those nights that she was going to humble the Auburn Mare. Use that competitive spirit against her for a contest so outlandish that maybe once and for all, she could convince Daiwa Scarlet that being first wasn’t everything.

“Do you have any more water, Scarlet?” Vodka asked her roommate politely, dangling the empty bottle over the edge of her bed and tapping it against the frame. “It was a really long run, so I’m still pretty parched.” She grinned.

“Bah… you’re hopeless.” Daiwa lowered her head with a sigh and shrugged her shoulders. She reached into her bag and grabbed another bottle of water. “You’re lucky I keep a few extra in case somebody needs a drink during training.”

Vodka couldn’t hold in her scoff. How uncool could you be? Carrying around a supply of drinks like a walking vending machine. At least she didn’t start her sentence about how it was the duty of the model student to always be prepared to help a fellow classmate.

“Are you not having another drink too?” Vodka slyly nudged her gaze toward the bottle she was holding. “You should be the peak example of proper hydration too, Miss Model Student.” And then, inspiration! Like she’d been visited by the Three Goddesses. “I’ve got an idea! Let’s make this a contest! Whoever can drink the most water can be crowned the Queen of Hydration!” She raised the bottle up like a valiant knight raising her sword. “Think you can handle it, Scarlet, or is drinking more water just going to be another thing I’m Number One at?”

Suddenly, there was a sharp feeling like electricity in the air. Daiwa twitched, her whole body shuffled and her tail shot up. Her ears perked up too. She clenched her fists so tightly that she smothered the bedcovers between her palms. There it was, those magic words that could reduce Tracen Academy’s model student to nothing more than a ball of primal rage. Like those words had lit a fire under her butt, Daiwa leapt up fiercely from her bed.

It took her a few seconds, but Daiwa found her composure and cut down her wincing smile of anger to a polite upturn of her lips. “If you think I’m going to come second to you at anything, you’re wrong!”

“What about the Oka Sho?” Vodka retorted and grinned.

Daiwa froze again, tail shooting up like a spooked cat. “I’ll be back in a moment!” She hissed through gritted teeth and stormed out of their room. She returned a minute later, cradling several bottles of water in her arms. She dropped them down on her bed and grabbed one, tearing off the lid and cupping it in both hands.

Vodka shot up to her knees and shuffled to the edge of her bed gleefully. “Oh, we are making this a contest!” She relished the opportunity and without pause, downed her second bottle in a few large gulps. “Pwah! You better catch up with me then because I’m onto my third bottle already.” She gestured to the drinks on Daiwa’s bed and reached out to ask for another.

“I’m way ahead of you!” Daiwa seethed. She threw her head back and started chugging the water so quickly that she began looking lost for breath. The water in the bottle bubbled up as she struggled between gulps to drink with such haste. Once it was empty, she crushed the plastic bottle and clenched her fist in victory. “Two for two!”

Vodka grabbed her third drink and swung it up toward her lips. She gulped it down in almost a single chug and when it was done, crushed her own bottle and threw it towards the trash, landing it in the garbage. “Three for two! Plus two points for that cool throw.” She laughed so brightly she began to whistle, grinning all the while.

“Once I win here, I’m beating you on the track!” Daiwa downed her third bottle without so much as a pause for breath. One second the bottle was full, the next it wasn’t. She crushed the bottle and sat it down beside her first two. “Three for three!”

It was a gruelling battle, one that wasn’t being taken lightly by either girl. The girls may have been Umamusumes, and their capacity for drinking was much better than humans, but nobody could sustain taking on fluids so rapidly. They weren’t small bottles of water, and they were chugging them like little glasses of water.

By the time both girls were halfway through their fourth bottle of water, their bellies couldn’t endure it any longer. It was getting to be too much. There was too much water and not space for it. Vodka could feel her stomach swimming. Was this how it felt to be an ocean? Maybe she would’ve known if she stayed awake during class.

“Uuuuh…” Daiwa groaned. She slid down to the floor, hitting the ground with a thud. She curled up and stared up at the ceiling. Just like Vodka, her stomach blubbed like a fish and she couldn’t stop hiccuping.

For Vodka, it wasn’t as bad, but she was starting to feel sick. Her body needed this water more than Daiwa’s did. While Daiwa was clutching her stomach and going pale, she was able to finish half of her fourth bottle. But that was her limit. Her body refused her any more water and Vodka struggled to move past the next quarter of her drink.

She looked at the half-full bottle and grimaced. It looked like so much now, a measly half a bottle of water looked larger than her stomach could handle. She closed her eyes, took one deep breath and downed the last half, fighting with her own body every step of the way.

It was done. The bottle was empty. Vodka smashed it between her palms and slammed it into the ground like a football. Suddenly, she felt her head rush and tumbled backwards onto her bed. She let herself sink into the mattress and stared up at the ceiling.

Was that it? She didn’t hear anything from her roommate. Had Daiwa tapped out before she could finish her fourth? Had she won? She struggled to lift her head up to look. She had hoped to see a bottle with something left in it, but to her dismay, Daiwa had matched her. Four for four.

Vodka frowned and let her head fall against her pillow. She groaned loudly, clutching her stomach, grimacing as the ripples of her hand against her belly felt like it sloshed the water around inside her. All she could feel was water, the weight of it, the sound of it, the feeling of it sloshing around inside of her. It made her feel full, fuller than full, like she was about to burst.

“Ugh… I t-think four bottles might’ve been too much…” Daiwa complained as she flopped down onto her bed, clutching her stomach.

“N-Not for m-me.” Vodka tried to boast. She needed to keep that cool composure, but she couldn’t. She wasn’t Vodka, the coolest Umamusume around any longer, she was an overinflated water balloon. Daiwa was right - Four bottles was too much.

Vodka was the first of the two to sit up. She’d decided she needed to sit upright for a few seconds to let the water go down. She could feel it swelling in the back of her throat. There was something on the bedside table that drew her attention; just the sight of it made her feel ill and flop back down on her bed.

There was still a bottle of water left. Right now, the competition had hit a deadlock and the tiebreaker was waiting, cap still sealed, for the girl who could call themselves the true Number one of hydration.

“I can win… if I just finish one more…” Vodka groaned.

Just one more bottle, hell even one more sip would be enough to beat Daiwa. That’s why she’d even started this stupid contest - All she wanted to do was humble Daiwa Scarlet, beat her at a contest of something so ridiculous that maybe the Auburn Mare would re-evaluate all that time spent chasing the title: Number One.

She took a deep breath, wriggled her fingers and composed herself before sitting up at the edge of her bed. Her stomach was still swimming, but she chose to ignore it. She glared at the bottle of water. Just one more bottle, even just a sip, and she would’ve beaten Daiwa Scarlet.

Vodka reached out for the water, continuing to ignore her body’s cries to retract her hand and let her poor stomach work with what she’d already consumed. The plastic lightly crackled beneath her fingers. She almost had it.

Then, as if from nowhere, the bottle vanished. It disappeared in a flashing swipe. Vodka couldn’t believe it. She stared, bewildered by it. She looked up and there hanging over her, Daiwa Scarlet, grasping the bottle in her hands. With a mocking smile that declared victory, Daiwa unscrewed the lid and chugged the bottle until it was empty.

Crushing the bottle in her hand, Daiwa threw it over her shoulder, hitting the trash can with perfect accuracy. Daiwa Scarlet had done it. She’d won. Vodka couldn’t believe it. She expected Daiwa to fall back onto her bed, but the Auburn Mare was unflinching, standing tall with the biggest of triumphant smiles on her face stretching from auburn curtain to auburn curtain. “Aha! I-” She interrupted herself with a hiccup, “win!”

“H-How…” Vodka could only watch helplessly as Daiwa crossed her arms and laughed. She could already see it from the glint in Daiwa’s eye. There was a fire burning in them, the same victorious look that took her gaze every time. She was envisioning the crowd, the masses of fans who had swarmed their new water drinking champion.

“Because I’m Number One.” Daiwa shrugged her shoulders like it was nothing. “It’s only a matter of time before I come for you on the track too-”

Vodka had heard enough. She rolled over onto her back and groaned. She needed a moment to recover. She unzipped her tracksuit top and lifted her shirt up, exposing her bare tummy, just to take some of the pressure off her stomach. She closed her eyes and rested for a moment. Just a moment, until her stomach settled. She still couldn’t believe it. How could Daiwa have beaten her? This was a contest that she was sure she’d win, and just like that victory was swiped out from under her.

After a few minutes of rest, Vodka began to feel better. Her stomach settled down and she didn’t feel nearly as sick. But there was another problem. She had to piss. Badly. All that water had settled in her bladder and now it needed to go.

Vodka sat up and spun around to rest against the wall by her bed. She pressed her legs together and kept her cool. Daiwa didn’t need to know. She just needed a minute then she could head to the bathroom and piss this whole contest away.

Suddenly, Daiwa shivered. The Auburn Mare squeezed her thighs together and blushed. She grabbed the hem of her skirt, all while staring at the door. After a moment, she got up and shuffled toward the door.

“Where are you going?” Vodka asked, fully knowing the answer already.

“T-To the bathroom” Daiwa murmured shyly, just shy of a squeak. She didn’t look Vodka in the eye, preferring to keep the embarrassment of her situation hidden behind her auburn curtains.

It was only a matter of time before those five bottles of water made themselves known to Daiwa in that way. Vodka felt it too. She was just about ready to rush off to the bathroom too. But not yet. Suddenly, inspiration struck for a second time tonight! There was an opportunity here to get back for losing.

Vodka leapt to the end of her bed and covered the door handle with her hand. “Wait! Wait! You can’t go to the bathroom!”

Daiwa blushed and pushed a hand to her mouth. Her legs tightened together as she squeezed her thighs. “W-Why not?”

“Because we’re just getting started! This is a test of endurance! I’m calling a new contest. Which of us can hold off from going to the bathroom the longest!”

“You’re what!?” Daiwa jerked back. “N-No! I’m not doing that!” She shook her head frantically like she was trying to erase what she had just heard from her head.

Vodka knew she’d say that, but she also knew that backing away from a contest was not in Daiwa Scarlet’s power. No matter how silly, how stupid, how humiliating if the promise of being first was tacked on, she’d give it her all. She just needed the right push.

“You are if you don’t want to be crowned second place.” Vodka grinned. Winding up her roommate was all too easy. She thrust a finger toward the quivering Daiwa and smiled. “If you go piss now, then you forfeit this contest.” She threw hand back toward herself, gesturing with her thumb. “And I’ll win!”

Daiwa furrowed her brow and glared at the mare dangling over her bed. “So we’re just going to sit here until one of us goes to the bathroom?”

“Of course not! This is an endurance competition after all. We need something to help us push ourselves to our limit!” Vodka scratched her chin while she thought of an idea. “Squats! We both squat, whoever can hold it the longest without going to the bathroom wins!”

“That’s it?”

“That’s it!”

The girls took a position by the foot of their beds. They both took a few deep breaths, raised their arms in front of them and bent their knees down into a squat.

Twenty seconds passed. Vodka felt her legs waning. The pressure against her urethra was too overbearing, but she persisted, holding her squatting stance. It was then she began to wonder why the heck she had chosen such a stupid pose. Choosing the natural pose for going to the bathroom was dumb. She started to wonder why she didn’t pick something else.

It was getting worse. She felt a cold sweat at the back of her neck. This was a dumb idea, too dumb. She needed something else for them to do. Something less taxing, but still enduring.

“Gah, this is taking too long!” Vodka threw herself up to her feet. “We need a way to up the stakes so we can see who can really endure the most!” The perfect idea came to her. “A race! Two Thousand meters!” She called out with a ferocity that hid the quake in her voice.

“A R-Race!” Daiwa shot back up to her feet, legs trembling. Her exasperation was enough for her willpower to crack. It was a direct hit to her focus, which right now was only on one thing. “A-Are you kidding me!?” She tried to fight back against her momentary lapse of focus, but to no avail. It was too much and her bladder cracked under the pressure. She felt the small spurt of pee escape her, lightly staining the seat of her underwear.

“What’s the matter, Scarlet? This isn’t the Oka Sho! Too much of a loser to think you can beat the coolest at a friendly race.” Vodka leant in, drinking her rival’s embarrassment. “Or are you worried you’ll piss your pants before me?”

Daiwa’s ears pricked up, her tail too shot up furiously. There it was again, the provocation that really got Daiwa in a sore spot. At this point, the absurdity of their contest was gone and despite the ever growing-shivers and rising need to relieve herself, Daiwa Scarlet only cared for one thing right now.

She avoided her rival's gaze, hiding just how crimson her face had become. “Even if I wanted to, it’s almost curfew.”

“We still have forty minutes until curfew.” Vodka grinned and pointed a shaky finger toward the clock in their room. “Not to worry, this shouldn’t take more than ten. Against you, I don’t think I’ll need more than five. She shrugged her shoulders “Or we can call it quits now and you can just admit my endurance is too awesome for you.”

“I’d rather… You know what! You’re on!” Daiwa leapt to her feet. “Down on the t-turf right now! I’m going to wipe the floor with you, and when I finish first, I’m going to the bathroom! And you can’t stop me!”

Daiwa shuffled over to her wardrobe, doing everything she could to stop herself fidgeting in front of Vodka. Her bladder had filled so quickly. The urge to go was only getting worse. It didn’t feel this bad a moment ago, but the moment she stood up, it felt almost impossible to hold in, like a giant wave had submerged her lower belly and bladder.

She reached into her closet and pulled out her tracksuit. It had just been washed and neatly put away less than an hour ago. Daiwa hated the idea that it was going to get sweaty again. Then she worried that what if more than sweat sullied it? No, she couldn’t think that. It wasn’t going to happen. She repeated that to herself. A model student would never do something as indecent as wet themselves. She would power through this, just like she did everything else, until she was number one.

Daiwa pulled down her skirt, releasing her butt from the confines of its embrace. It fell to her knees and she lightly kicked it until it shuffled down her thighs down to the ground. She’d forgotten Vodka was there, and forgotten even more that Vodka could now see her butt. She sat and stared, crossing her arms and sticking out her tongue. She didn’t want to see this, but she couldn’t help but glance once or twice.

Just like her large breasts, Daiwa had a very ample butt. Soft, shapely and rounded, it stuck out quite noticeably when she wore her racewear. The top of her skirt would sit atop the crack of her butt while the rest curtained her cheeks. She was always fond of her light blue frilly underwear. She wore the same kind everyday. Vodka always noticed. It was hard not to when those little blue frills would protrude from the top of her tracksuit pants.

“Is that what I think it is?” Vodka noticed the small dribble in her underwear, and unable to stop herself, began to cackle hysterically. “Has Miss Daiwa Scarlet wet her undies?”

Daiwa tensed up instantly, as if it were a reflex. Her face began to glow a searing red. She covered up her bare thighs and underwear with her tracksuit top. “S-So what if I d-did? You said whoever could hold it the longest! I’m still holding it in! It doesn’t matter if I leaked a little!” Her whole body was burning and her heart pounded.

Vodka couldn’t contain her laughter. She fell over, clutched her sides and continued to laugh. “Miss Model Student has a pee stain on her undies!” She kept laughing, and laughing, tears beginning to stream down her eyes.

Then suddenly, she felt a strange shiver between her legs. It shut Vodka up instantly. The laughing ceased and her eyes widened in horror as she realized what she had just done. She knew what was permeating the cloth of her underwear. That small wet patch, it was too hot for sweat.

Daiwa zipped up her tracksuit top, struggling as always to pull the zip up over her large breasts, and turned to see her rival lying there. Her entire face was like stone, locked up, frozen. Her eyes were wider than she’d ever seen. Seeing that look, Daiwa smirked smugly. “Vodka, did you just leak?”

“Nuh-uh!” Vodka refuted Daiwa’s question and shifted back into her cool persona, shrugging her shoulders with a hint of disinterest. “I was just thrown off because you’ve never changed with me in here. You always make me wait outside or cover myself with my covers!”

“If I made you wait outside you’d probably run off to use the bathroom! I’m not letting you get away with this that easy!” With that said, the girls made their way down to the racecourse.

Vodka pulled open their door and took a quick glance up and down the hallway. The coast was clear. She beckoned to Daiwa that they were good to and led the way.

They moved quietly through the dorms. Vodka knew they couldn’t risk a lecture from the head of the dorm if they were caught, and if they got found heading down to the track this late they’d be told to get back to their rooms ready for curfew.

“This is getting hard now…” Vodka muttered quietly to herself and winced. “Why did I do this? I feel like I’m gonna piss myself.”

Walking was getting hard. Real hard. After a few steps away from their door, Vodka couldn’t help herself. There was nobody around but Daiwa, so what did she care about? She thrust her arms between her legs and pressed her hands as tightly as she could against her crotch, pulling the fabric of her tracksuit pants right up against herself. The small spurt of pee that leaked from her earlier could already be felt soaking into her trousers.

Vodka cast a glance over her shoulder at Daiwa, who was traipsing along behind her. She was still holding on, barely, to her dignity with the way she walked. She shuffled along, looking down at the floor, watching her feet shuffle with every step. Her arms were perched by her side, but she clenched her fists tightly.

Not even after a race had seen the Auburn Mare so flushed in the face. She looked miserable now, ears flopped down and a quiet frown resting beneath her twitching nose, but Vodka had seen that look before. It was something in Daiwa’s eyes. A steely gaze that locked on to whatever they were focused on. Was Daiwa focusing on the race? Or was she merely focusing on stopping herself from having an accident?

That wasn’t worth thinking about now. Vodka had to only focus on herself.

The racing turf of Tracen Academy was dead near curfew. Some nights there would be the lone uma training, putting themselves to the test to try and improve their best time or just practice their pacing on the track, but tonight it was empty. The floodlights were still on, lighting up the entire turf and the stands on the south end.

Vodka shuffled on ahead of her rival towards the starting posts. She couldn’t let her rival know just how badly she needed to piss. In her own thoughts, she imagined a motorbike being filled up with gas. What happens when there’s too much gas in the tank? It overflows. It can only hold so much, but she couldn’t stop the metaphorical pump from pushing more and more into her. That extra fluid had to go somewhere, and in this situation it was going to be her tracksuit.

She didn’t bother looking back at Daiwa. At this point, it was hardly a competition anymore, so what was the point at sizing up her rival? This was a test of pure endurance. She’d never run a race with a full bladder before; she always made sure to pee before a race. Less weight, less things to worry about, a whole bunch of reasons both personal and practical, but this time Vodka was in unfamiliar territory.

What would happen if she exerted herself too much? She felt close to pissing herself just walking down to the track, but now she had roped herself into doing a full length of the training course against Daiwa of all Umas. She’d have to bring her A-game, her very best, but right now she wasn’t confident she could do it.

“No.” Vodka muttered to herself and took a deep breath to compose herself. “You’ve got to keep your cool like you always do.”

Vodka stepped into the first post and pushed the gates open. Daiwa took her spot in the second post and pushed her gates open. The entire first stretch of the track lay out in front of them, illuminated by the floodlights.

For the first time ever, Vodka felt a hollow pit in her stomach, right beside where she could feel the swelling balloon that was her bladder. The track had never looked so long. It was almost intimidating like it stretched out into infinity with no end in sight. A track that she’d ran a thousand times for the first time made her gulp.

Daiwa Scarlet took her position in her post, right beside Vodka.

“The second post really suits you, Scarlet.” Vodka played off any fear with a tease to goad her rival.

Daiwa swished her hair and wrinkled her nose. “Hmmph! Let’s just get this over with. Once I beat you here, this stupid contest is over.”

“On my one count then, we go!” Both girls readied themselves at the start line. Vodka took a deep breath and counted down. “Three… Scarlet…”

Daiwa immediately stood up and looked over her gate with a burning glare. “Do it properly! And be quick!”

“Okay… Okay.” Vodka laughed to herself. That little joke was enough to ease the tension. “Three… Two.. ONE!” On the one count, the race had begun and both girls shot from the line, kicking up the dirt beneath them.

Daiwa shot ahead almost instantly, putting several dozen meters between herself and Vodka with ease. There was no surprise there. Vodka expected this. Daiwa, after all, was a Front-Running Umamusume. She excelled at bursting ahead from the very start and keeping the lead with unmatched speed and unbeatable stamina.

That’s where Vodka had the advantage, and she knew it. As a Late Surger, she could pace herself better than Daiwa. Which also meant she could keep the stress off her bladder for the first three quarters of the race. There was no need to hit the throttle just yet, so she didn’t need to strain herself as harshly as Daiwa needed to. As soon as they hit the final stretch, the final two hundred meters, that’s when she could kick into high gear.

It was a race of not just speed, but endurance. To put her body to the utmost limit. With each step, her bladder let her know that it was right there with her, still dying to be relieved. It wasn’t going to be easy. It was only going to get worse from here.

The first five hundred meters had been cleared. Daiwa was still far ahead in the lead.

Vodka steadied her breathing. In and out, in and out. Her face grew warm as the blood rushed to her head and sweat started to drip from her forehead. Even now, at such a slower pace than Daiwa, she could feel her lower half trembling. This was more than a race. It was a battle on two fronts. One against her rival and the other against her bladder.

They raced past the halfway point. A thousand meters. Daiwa was still ahead, keeping her speed consistent. Vodka watched her rival’s running form, noticing the subtle differences in her sprint. She could only assume Daiwa was doing the same thing as her, eyes on the track, mind on the race. Pissing didn’t matter right now; only winning mattered.

The girls ran on and rushed past the fifteen hundred meter mark. The gap was beginning to narrow.

This was it. The final stretch. Four hundred meters remained. Vodka could see her rival starting to falter, slowly losing that lightning speed and falling back a few lengths. Was it fatigue, or was her bladder getting the best of her? Vodka didn’t care. She gritted her teeth, ignored the roaring fatigue that was shaking her lower body, and picked up her pace. She busted out into a sprint, hunching over slightly into her proper sprinting form. Her entire face scrunched up, pain erupted as she felt her hunched stomach press against her bladder even more. Her legs were burning, everything below her lower belly was shaking, her whole body was crying out to just piss herself, but Vodka pushed it all to the back of her mind. Ignoring it all, she persisted, picking up her pace until she could reach her top speed.

She continued to close the gap on her rival, each step getting faster and faster. The wind brushed against her face aggressively, her hair was whooshing back and forth beside her cheeks while her signature white bang brushed away from her eyes. With every foot on the turf, the desperation was getting worse, shooting a jolt of pain through her body that was almost too excruciating to bear. Her entire body was shaking, shoulder to feet it grew more and more intense. Something in her mind urged her to abandon the race, to run off the track, call off this stupid contest and rush to the nearest bathroom, hell even to the nearest bush to squat behind it and let it all out. She grimaced at the thought, but continued to stuff it to the back of her mind.

Two hundred meters remained. She was so close. Just a little more and it would be over. Even as she tried to suppress it, her body was winning over her thoughts of victory. Win, then bathroom, win then bathroom. That’s all she could think about. After a few more meters, the thoughts changed again. Win, then pee. Win, then pee. Right here, on the track. Pants down and just squat. Flood the field until you’re empty. She puffed out her cheeks and steeled herself for the final few lengths.

One hundred meters. Now she was neck-and-neck with Daiwa, whose pace was definitely beginning to fail her. Vodka didn’t bother looking at her rival. She knew what’d she see; a steely look of determination barely hiding a powerful look of pain. She looked on ahead, watching the starting posts grow closer and closer. But suddenly, she felt something. Something warmer than sweat spurted into her underwear. Another dribble, and then another.

“S-Shit… I’m not finishing like this!” She steeled her resolve and forced her lower body to clench. It could only barely obey. The dribbles stopped, but the shivers between her legs had gotten worse. She couldn’t hold it like this forever. She needed this race to be over now!

With a final burst of pace, Vodka pushed on through the last fifty meters. She leapt through the starting post and immediately grinded to a halt. The race was over.

She fell to her knees on the turf, panting violently, collapsing under the weight of her buckling knees. She’d done it. It was over. But had she won? She wondered for only half a second. She didn’t know, she didn’t care. Her face was dripping with sweat, her entire body was racked with an exhaustion that she’d never felt before. Nothing could move, her arms were frozen by her sides, her legs had gone numb to the point that she could feel every single quiver of her tired, aching muscles.

Then, it happened. There was no stopping it. She knew she couldn’t try. Even attempting to fight back against what was happening was hopeless. She couldn’t do it anymore. She couldn’t hold it any longer.

Like a dam had burst between her legs, a torrent of pee poured out of her. She felt the stream emerging from between her sweat-dripping legs. Thick and fluid, it struck against the soft cotton of her underwear, drenching them instantly. Vodka let out a moan of pure bliss. It was warm and the feeling wasn’t entirely unpleasant.

Before long, her poor underwear, blasted by the unending stream emptying out of her, couldn’t soak up anymore. Around her butt and crotch, she felt the waters rising, forming a pool that submerged her butt in pee. The lewd look of relief that she felt herself making turned to a sodden grimace as she began to feel the flood of piss spreading through her buttcrack and eventually against her hole.

It didn’t stop, it kept coming. Only a few seconds had to have passed and her stream persisted with the same intensity as she had started. Once her underwear had been completely soaked, and her butt submerged in pee, she began to feel the warm, wet feeling moving to her thighs. It washed over her sweat glistened thighs like a wave. That clammy, sweaty feeling that she always felt after a race was gone in an instant, hosed down by the warm rush of piss spreading down her thighs and slithering all the way to her knees, soaking through her tracksuit pants.

Again, she let out a moan of relief. All that water, all that exertion, it was pouring out of her. It felt like it was never going to stop. This was it, just like she had visualized with the motorcycle. When the tank was full, all that gas had to go somewhere. Let it overflow and you end up staining every part of the bike with gasoline. As she felt every inch of lower body sullied by piss, she knew she was right to visualize it like that.

At last, she could feel her stream dying down. Her body had kept up the intensity for so long that she did genuinely begin to fear it wasn’t going to end. Like the turn of a faucet, her stream died down to a small trickle, the last few dribbles had finally been relieved from her bladder. The tight balloon she had felt in her belly was gone. All she could feel in its place was a tremendous relief that was indescribable at this very moment, like that very same balloon was at last deflated after being pressed to its limit.

Vodka let her head fall back. She couldn’t stop herself from panting. It was embarrassing, sounding so lewd and grasping so violently at the air. She looked up at the sky, watching the stars spinning through a loose vision that felt like euphoria.

With steam rising off her sweat-glazed tracksuit, Vodka couldn’t help herself. Her body acted on its own.“Ha… Ha… Haaa…” She moaned so loudly that she could hear the echo in the cool spring air.

Once the relief had subsided, and the fatigue calmed down, Vodka pulled herself up to her feet, using the guard rail on the side of the track to help her steady her shaking legs. As she clambered up, the pool of pee resting around her butt washed down her legs, racing down her wet thighs and over her knees. She couldn’t help but clench her fists as her shins were washed over a downpour of barely warm pee that had cooled in the spring air. It only stopped after reaching her socks and soaking into them, pouring over her ankles and dampening her shoes too.

Vodka gave herself a few seconds to regain her composure. She at the very least wanted to not look like a lame loser in her soaked training wear, and she knew there was no way she could be her usual cool self after this.

The race was over, but who had won? That’s what she started thinking about. In the final stretch, she couldn’t pay attention to that. All she remembered was being shoulder to shoulder with Daiwa. Her need to piss had gotten so intense before she could cross the finish to the point that’s all she could think about.

It was then she looked behind her to look for Daiwa. She found the Auburn Mare on her knees, sitting just like she had been. Her head hung down, staring at the turf, her tiara catching a glint of light in the floodlights. Her auburn curtains barely hid her face and her long ears dropped. In the light, Vodka could see her sullen expression, her crestfallen features sinking so low that her frown almost reached her jaw. She sat motionless, staring at the ground with tears in her eyes.

On a closer look, Vodka could see clearly just what Daiwa had endured. The cool air created a steam that rose from her lower body, lifting above her head and dissipating in the air. Her red tracksuit clung to her legs, drenched from her crotch all the way down to her ankles and further. Her white socks had gone grey as a single long streak disappeared beneath her sneakers.

Vodka couldn’t believe it. Even when she knew it was bound to happen, she couldn’t contain her shock and her mouth flew open with disbelief.

Daiwa Scarlet, the Auburn Mare, the Red Ace of Tracen Academy, had pissed herself.

She took another step toward Daiwa, uncertain what she should do next. She’d never seen Daiwa like this before. That cocky smile, that glint in her eyes that screamed confidence… it was gone, out like a light. She took one more step to stand over Daiwa. Her heart was racing, pounding against her chest as she struggled to think what to do next. What did she do? Did she comfort her? Is that what she’d want? Did she gloat? Was that the right thing? She couldn’t tell. She didn’t know. Against her beating heart, her body seized up.

“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this…” Daiwa squeaked, lifting her head and glaring at Vodka. Her teary eyes caught the light and glimmered with the bright white light of the floodlights. “I can’t believe I talked myself into this…”

“I’m sorry.” Vodka never imagined those words leaving her mouth, especially to Daiwa.

“I can’t believe I agreed to this! I can’t believe you suggested this! Why on earth did you have us do something so ridiculous!”

“To shut you up about being number one!” Vodka snapped. “That’s all you ever talk about! Number one this, Number one that! I just wanted to show you that being number one isn’t everything!” The sudden realization of just how ludicrous this whole thing had been set in as her tracksuit bottoms began to grow cold. “And… I guess I got a little carried away…”

“A LITTLE!?” Suddenly, Daiwa burst up to her feet. She pointed furiously to her damp tracksuit bottoms. “Look at us! I’m soaked! You’re soaked!” Then, under that red teary-eyed face, laden with shame, a small smirk cracked through. “Besides, I won!”

“YOU WHAT!?” Vodka yelled so loud that she was sure she burst a vein. “YOU’RE STILL GOING ON ABOUT BEING NUMBER ONE!?” There was no need to be kind anymore. “And like hell you did! I crossed the finish line! And I pissed my pants second! That means I won!”

Suddenly, Daiwa exploded. That soft sullen expression of a girl who had lost her dignity disappeared and the familiar fang-mouthed starlet had returned to her usual self. “I d-don’t t-think so!” Her rival yelled, clenching her fist tightly. “I saw the look on your f-face! You started p-peeing first!” She thrust an accusatory finger toward the large stain that saturated Vodka’s tracksuit bottoms. “We crossed the finish line at the same time and when you ran on ahead, I saw it! You had already started peeing! Look at your pants, they’re already drying! That’s only possible if you started first! That means I win!” Daiwa raised her arms in victory. “I’m number one! I won this race and I held on the longest!”

And there it was again. It had never left her even after the biggest humbling of her life. That all familiar tone of cockyness and superiority. The one that made Vodka think that Daiwa just liked to hear the sound of her own voice. Even in defeat, even without dignity, the Auburn Mare would raise up and try to claim victory.

It didn’t stop there. Daiwa kept going, pointing at herself, then back at Vodka then back at herself again. By her second claim of victory, Vodka had tuned her out like she had done a thousand times before. No matter what, this is how it always ended. After tonight, after such an embarrassing accident, Vodka was convinced it was destined to end like this forever.

In the heat of the moment, with no sign of Daiwa shutting up, Vodka decided there was only one thing to do. One thing that she would certainly shut the mighty Red Ace up once and for all.

Vodka took a step toward Daiwa and stared her rival in the eyes. Wrapping her arms around Daiwa Scarlet, she pulled her toward her and pressed her lips tightly against her own. In that single moment, Vodka felt her heart flutter. Her legs began to feel weak again.

This wasn’t right, but it felt right. Vodka couldn’t believe she was doing this, embracing and kissing her fiercest rival. This wasn’t what she was about. What was awesome about kissing? Who could call themselves cool after doing something so gross as kissing their enemy? But she didn’t care about any of that. Not tonight. She grasped Scarlet tighter, grabbing the back of her tracksuit and pulled her even closer. She felt her rival’s breasts pressing against her own. They were so big, and they pushed softly against her own flat chest.

Finally, Vodka released her rival, pushing her away from the kiss that had captivated her. What felt like forever was only a few seconds. Vodka stepped back and breathed a hearty sigh. The world was spinning; she felt like she could collapse under the weight of her own legs again.

She looked Daiwa in the eyes, panting for breath, eagerly awaiting her response. Daiwa was bewildered. She lifted a finger to her lips, feeling the warm spats of spit that Vodka had brushed her own lips with. “W-What was that f-for?” She finally asked after a few seconds of silence,

Vodka could only laugh. She felt her cool composure return to her once again. She shrugged her shoulders and swung her hands behind her head. “It was the only thing that would shut you up~”

