Magical girl Beautiful Tina the Omorashi girl.

Author: Ghostblade913

*000*2018-08-25 21:00

A Word from the author..... Hello Hello so I really wanted to make a magical girl fic. Unfortunately I haven’t seen too much Magical girl anime.

You’ll also notice how Tina gets started doing this is similar to how it happened in Sailor moon which this does take inspiration from.

This occurs from me putting myself in a corner basically wanting this story to be in an alternate universe where instead of Tina being a slice of life character, she’s a magical girl.

This will diverge shortly after the beginning and I’ve decided to not have Lawrence or Gary be tuxedo mask expies because that is ripping off...........

Mr. Sicada will still be a Broly parody though.

“And I’ll be here to add commentary before and after the story in the authors note,”

Ah yes and the Tina from the first series will be here. She won’t talk in the middle of the actual story to avoid confusion because the magical Tina is just as self aware as Tina prime ( this is what I’ll call the og Tina in this thread). I honestly hope you guys like it and without further waiting LEEEEEEEEET’S GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUUMBLLLLLLLLLE!!!!!

Chapter 1 things begin. Initiate

Tina P. Millers is not self aware at this moment. As of right now she is just your normal girl with a normal height, normal weight, normal bust, and a big red bow on top of her brown haired head.

Now if you read Tina the Omorashi girl before reading this you’d know Tina was self aware at the very start of the story. Right now in the timeline we are before I made Tina my prophet. A time where she didn’t think god was a huge perv. Soon however, Tina will be in for a huge surprise.

“ Hey guys how was your weekend?” a cheerful girl called to her best friends.

“ Oh hey Tina it was good I played basketball all weekend,”a girl in gym shorts and shoulder-length blue hair named Mia (she’s not Ami from Sailor moon I swear) answered to Tina.

“ And I was studying hard so,I don’t have to beg for change change under the train tracks like my uncle Phil,” another girl this time with blonde hair in pigtails and a long skirt followed up with.

“Let’s observe her day without my divine intervention,”

Tina was walking down to class when she saw an average looking guy with black hair and his harem, for this is Tina’s best friend Lawrence.

“ Tina!” “ It feels like we haven’t talked in forever, “ “ I’ve been worried about you,”

“ Worried about what Mr. Playboy?” Tina teased.

“ There’s been an increase in gang violence over the past few weeks someone should do something about it,” Lawrence expositioned.

“ Maybe some cute girl in a really short skirt should magic it away….as if!” “ but I should go to class bye Larry,”

After class Tina was walking home alone when she cut through an alley

“ Good thing nothing bad ever happens in an abandoned alley!”

She was walking along when she saw a group of teens guys beating a fluffy animal with metal rods. It was so cute Tina couldn’t help but risk herself.

“ Hey stop that you assblaster you’re hurting it,”

“ That’s what you’ll be saying in a few minutes cutie don’t mess with us!” The ringleader pulled out a knife with the intention of raping then killing her.

It was at this moment she knew……. she fucked up. With a face fearful with realization she said in a quivering voice “ Wait no don’t I’m a virgin!”

“ That’s even better!” “ I have an inherited STD,” she tried to lie to get him to leave. “ Even better!” “ I’m a trap?” She tried. “OOOOOOOOHHH YEEEEAAAHH,” he moaned in ecstasy. “ Well that didn’t help,”

It was about this time the fluffy animal woke up “ Oh man those kids hit me harder than I thought, has that girl gotten here ye—-

HERES THIS CHAPTERS WETTING SCENE

SCREAM!” Tina started to wet herself. The urine stained the white patties of this pure maiden and put a large wet spot on the back of her skirt. A puddle growing out from under her hindquarters getting her stockings wet as she sat there frozen in fear.

“ That answers that,” “ Welp time to make the donuts ,” he said in his very New Yorkish accent. “ HEY BOZOS what’s the big idea treatin a lady like this you should be ashamed didn’t your mamas teach you some manners!”

With that he blasted the would be gang rapers with a magic blast . Then he went to help Tina up. “ Th- thank you for sa-saving me mister,” she sniffles, crying, still riled up by the whole ordeal.

“ No problem sugertits, but you see soon you’ll have to be the one saving others girly,”

“ What?”

“ You see god created me to give you powers and make you a prophet like me, Kitdogsatbit, you can call me Kitsa for short,”

“ Powers? Prophet? What do you mean?” She took this moment to take a good look at Kitsa. He was one foot tall, light blue, had bunny ears, stood on two legs, and had a face that looked like a cats but with the eyes closed and vertical.

“ Let me show ya,” in a swift motion he grabbed Tina’s forehead and gave her magical girl powers and gave her awareness of everything ever. She learned of me, she learned of Tina prime, she learned the meaning of life, she learned there is no place beyond death, and she learned how to make a killer sandwich.

After this she sat dumbstruck and as she sat dumbstruck I decided to show myself.

I descended from my internet chair giving myself a physical form of… just some really plain comfort clothes really. But I have a halo and divine aura too so I have that going for me.

“ Tina I am god please help me defeat the forces of evil for the pleasure of readers,” I boombed in a godly voice.

Tina just sat there for a second before shouting out “ I can’t do this I’m just a girl in high school not some superhero,” What would my parents say? What would my friends say? What would the world say? What guy would want to date a girl who might be constantly putting him into danger? I can’t do this god I’m sorry.

I took this into consideration and realized she had a point so I’ll, just have to convince her once time has passed and she’s calmed down.

“Sleep on it!” I clenched my fist and she blacked out then transported her and Kitsa to Tina’s bedroom. “ Begone thots!”

End of chapter 1

Authors note. So I know there wasn’t much fighting or magical girl-ing going on but we have to start somewhere. I really hope you liked it and please leave a suggestion for the story down below.

“ Hey why don’t you tell them how I became aware of everything in this world?”

“ What is there to say I showed up said here ya go showed you everything and then you blacked out,”

“ You’re a mean god,”

With love Ghostblade (stay thirsty my friends)

*001*2018-08-29 02:31

THIS IS JUST A GUIDE AS SUCH THERE IS NO WETTING.THANK YOU

Authors note..... This started off as just part of the authors note. It became too long and is now a semi-chapter.

Its a guide on what the character look like and their names. For instance haremmembers #1 and 4’s names haven’t been revealed until now. One thing I have a problem with is descriptions of how characters look. I don’t want to take a break to flood (haha get it) you with descriptions of how the characters look.

This is is only the initial main cast and I’ll add mini guides when a new character is introduced.

Without futher adiue

LEEEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUMBLLLLLLLLLLE!!!

Tina

Hair Brown and shoulder length Skin Fair. Height average. Bust average. Weight average. Eye color blue. Build kind of dainty. Ass average. (note all this average)

Usual outfit unless I say otherwise,

@@it’s a skirt, stockings with a zettai ryuiki grade of A (tights if it’s cold), T-shirt, Big Red bow on her head, a purse, and sneakers.

Magical girl outfit needs a reference picture.

I want each outfit to be different and kind of have something to say about their character Tina will have a maid outfit to match Gary’s outfit

It’s a maid outfit and I want you to imagine this reference picture with the white on all the girl (including the stockings) be pink and have the black be white. Also just put lacy ribbons wherever you want if you think it’ll make her cuter. She will also have pink garter belts connections to her pink panties.The shoes are black high heels. Finally take that thing on this girls head and imagine it as a gold tiara with a pink gem ( I think I’m gonna puke if there’s any more pink) .

“ Tryin to make it as girly as possible?”

“Yeah I want it to be the color that represents you,”

Mia.

Hair back length and blue occasionally wears in pigtails . Skin Tan-ish.Height tall. Bust ample. Weight average. Eye color blue. Build athletic. Ass thicc.

Usual outfit unless I say otherwise.

Gym shorts (sweatpants if cold), tank top, hair clip in a flower shape on her bangs, sneakers.

Magical girl needs a reference picture

The outfit she will have will add a layer of backstory on her.

Make all the black stuff blue except the headband and high heels……..

@@that’s it.

“ That was simple, and what do you mean backstory?”

“ In due time my dear,”

Carie

Hair blonde wears it in a ( this is a retcon I didn’t like that she had pigtails ) ponytail . Skin pale. height average. bust small. weight average eye color blue. build dainty. Ass average

Outfit unless I say so.

@@long skirt or shorts depending on what day it is. Blouse. Hair tie for her ponytail . Dress shoes.

Magical girl outfit no picture needed just think a sailor fuku. If I had to put a specific image in your mind just think sailor Venus’ outfit.

This is to show that she’s smart

“ that’s boring doing a sailor suit when you wanted to be different,”

“ Shut up it’s just one outfit,”

Gary Hair brown and ruffled up. Skin pale. Height 6ft 1. Weight 140 pounds. Eye color navy blue. Build Above average but not to the extent of Ami. Ass fine (no homo)

Outfit unless I say so.

Gym shorts( for comfort ). T shirts with cringey memes. Flip flops.

Magical boy outfit needs reference

It’s a butler outfit to go with Tina’s maid outfit

Make pants white make all the other black other than the pants and shoes green. Add a green zigzag pattern going down the sleeves starting from the shoulders. Another green zigzag pattern down the sides of the pants. Finally a green cape with the same zigzag pattern going down the sides.

“ Oh I see magic me is a maid so Gary is a butler he’s soooo dreamy!” *swoons*

“ I’ll give you some alone time with Ms. Rosie Palms,”

Haremmembers as well as all their names

#1 Misa

@@black hair shoulder length sometimes wears in ponytail. Skin tan-ish. Height tall. Bust ample. Weight average. Eye color blue. Build athletic. Ass thicc.

Outfit unless I say so

@@short shorts and tank top. hair clip in a flower shape on her bangs. sneakers.

Magical girl outfit just think the bunny suit above but red.

“ Now you’re just ripping yourself o- mph hmph emph!”

“ I swear it’s a plot point!”

#2 Christie

Platinum blonde hair shoulder length. Skin very tan ( she spends a lot of time in a tanning booth) height medium. Bust ample. Weight average. Eye color brown. Build sexy. Ass thicc.

Outfit unless I say so.

Very short skirt. Midriff showing tank top. High heels.

Magical make the ears of the bunny suit leopards and have leopard print.

“ The obvious fanservice one,”

“ You shouldn’t count your chickens yet,”

#3 Hope

Blondish brownish should’ve length hair. Skin fair. Height short. Bust ample. Weight average. Eye color brown. Build thicc. Ass thick.

Outfit unless a say so.

Sweatpants. Thin hoodie with t shirt underneath. Sneakers.

Magical girl the bunny suit but cat ears and a cat pattern.

“ What's with all the thicc ass?”

“ Why not?”

#4 Ruby

@@brown hair in pigtails. skin pale. height short. Bust medium. weight average. Eye color brown. build medium. Ass medium

Outfit

@@red checkered dress. sneakers and kneesocks.

Magical bunny suit but with dog ears and brown.

“ Sweet cinnamon roll too pure for our world,”

“ I feel bad lewding her,”

#5 Andrea.

Brown-black back length hair. Skin pale. Height medium. Bust medium. Weight average. Eye color blue. Build kind of dainty. Ass medium.

Outfit

Pink dress. Sneakers. Big red bow But not as big as Tina’s.

Magical the bunny suit but it has a tiara and is pink.

“ Wo-ho a foe?”

“ Bow and tiara rivals yeah!”

#6 Karerra.

Berry blue dyed hair that’s short. Skin pale. Height medium. Bust small. Weight small. Eye color blue. Build dainty. Ass small.

Outfit

Black pants. Edgy black t shirts. Black and blue sneakers. Owns a pikachu jacket.

Magical wolf ears and grey version of the bunny suit.

“ Emo?”

“ Not In personality remember she owns a Pikachu jacket,”

#7 Jennifer

She’s a promiscuous teacher. Brown hair tied into a bun. Skin fair. height tallest main character that’s not a villain. Bust *whistles* biggest ones in the story. Weight medium. Build medium. Ass *whistles louder* biggest buns I've ever seen.

Outfit

She wears a tight, short, scarlet skirt. She wears a tight black suit jacket with a red bra slightly showing.black thigh-length stockings with a black garter belt attached, and red heels.(Yes you do need these details ?

Magical just the black leotard part of the bunny suit.

“ Mother of you is that a woman or is that a human sized hourglass?”

“ I don’t know but it must be from McDonald’s because I’m lovin it!”

“ Wait didn’t you say one day I would have a non cannon sister named Jenny?”

Starlord: “Hi I'm Peter,”

Spiderman: “Hi I’m also Peter,”

Captain America: “Hi I’m Steve,”

Dr.Strange: “Hi I’m Stephen(Steve-en),”

Falcon: “Hi I’m James,”

Winter soldier: “Hi I’m also James,”

“Not everyone has a unique name,”

;-;

Lawrence

Black hair. skin tanish height very tall. Weight medium. build noice. Ass medium.

Outfit tuxedo. ( he only wears it because he’s. A playboy not because he’s anything like tuxedo mask)

Magical boy outfit ?????????

“ Oooo more plot,”

“ Yes, Yes it is,”

Authors note…. That’s all the heroes for now. I’ll give you descriptions of the villains as they show up. Sorry this couldn’t be a whole chapter. Please leave suggestions,criticisms, and requests down below.

With love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

*002*2018-09-01 02:24

Chapter 2 Yeah we get to see some action now. Initiate

Author's note…… So now you actually get to see what you came for.

… There’s not really much else I have to say

“ Yeah lets see magic-me kick some candy flavored ass!”

Tina awoke in a cold sweat. Or at first she thought it was sweat ;) what it actually was, was pee (that sounded grammatically incorrect) .

Her panties were damp and she had gotten some urine on the bottom of her t-shirt. Her skirt was completely soaked at the bottom and she reeked of pee.

“ Must’ve been a bad dream, and when I wet myself in the dream I wet the bed,” Tina reasoned with herself disappointed that she had wet the bed at her age.

“ No it wasn’t,” a voice boomed from around her. “ I just transported you home where you wet the bed after wetting yourself the first time!”

“ You’re a magical girl Harry,” Tina gasped and turned around to see Kitsa sitting in front of her eating an NYC hot dog wearing his Yankees baseball cap and talking in his NYC accent.

“ We get it he’s from New York you can stop now,” Tina got a confused look on her face as her Omni-powers started kicking in.

“ That’s called breaking the fourth wall girly, we’re just fictional characters in a story made by some guy who was bored looking for some material to fuel his Omorashi fetish,” Kitsa explained flatly.

“ What’s Omorashi?”

“Pants wetting, sugertits. You’re an Omorashi character, that is to say a character who frequently wets themselves. Be prepared to do that a lot,”

“ Oh oka- oh wait didn’t you say something about me being a magical girl and putting myself into deadly situations that I don’t want to be a part of?”

“ You have no choice!” With my words they were teleported to the first fight in the series.

Tina’s good friends, Mia and Carie, were walking home after staying too long at a restaurant. They both needed to pee pretty badly, but it wasn’t anything to be worried about with the way things were going.

Unfortunately things weren’t going to be going they way they were going.

The going wasn’t going to be the same going as it had been going before.

This going was a bad going, the going you don’t want to be going to go get going.

“What?” Tina said annoyed and with a headache from my vain attempt to be funny.

A couple buff looking, tall, humanoid, monsters with green skin headed out of the trees with the idea to attack Mia and Carie whom we abandoned a few lines ago.

Tina and Kitsa randomly appeared between the fearful girls and the ugly monsters. Kitsa handed Tina a bracelet.

“ Wear this and say. By the power of Grayskull I Have The Pow-

“ WRONG!” The handsome god/narrator yelled at Kitsa. “ Tina say BY THE Will OF LOVE AND ALL THAT IS GOOD I CALL UPON MY POWER!!!”

“ By the will of all that is good I-

“ You need more enthusiasm!”

“ By the will of love and all that is good I-

“More enthusiasm tuts”

“BY THE WILL OF LOVE AND ALL THAT IS GOOD I CALL UPON MY POWER!!!”

“YES!”

The two monsters and the two girls looked confused as Tina had a shouting match with some animal hybrid thingy. Tina then yelled out her transformation words and was surrounded by a flowing pink aura that spanned only about three feet wide.

Tina’s clothing disappeared in the aura of pink that was luckily able to censor her sacred spots. In its place left a pink maid outfit with a tiara and lots of ribbons.

“ Alright so I’m appointing you to be the guardian of love capish?” Your name in this form is Magical Beauty Tina the Omorashi Girl Protector Of Love. Obviously you can’t call yourself that in front of others so you will be called Beauty Era Guardian Of Love or Beauty Era for short.”

“ How do I beat them?”

“ God had given you basic instincts of how to fight in that form so it should come naturally,”

“ Got it so I’ll just beat them an-

“ Do some poses bitch!” I yelled at her excitedly.

“ Listen to god!” Kitsa also yelled.

“Stop yelling at me!” So Era spun around and struck a pose. Then she leaned backwards, did a backflip, and struck another pose.

“ Beautiful dahling, stunning, amazing. Oh no not that dahling!” Kitsa was now doing a model photographers Impression while snapping pictures.

“Ahem,” the monster on the left cleared his throat “Sir and madam I am so very sorry but would you please hurry up so we can get to the fighting?” The monster said politely in a British accent.

“ Alright prepare to be defeated by me,Beauty Era, in the name of love I shall kill you!”

“ Oh yeah also you need to pee,”

“ Wat?” …...

“Oh right that,”

Era suddenly felt her bladder level rise to OVER 9 (9.3 on the bladder scale :p)!!!!!!

She grabbed her crotch a little at this sudden spike.

The monsters roared and charged at out heroine, seeking to kill her. Era jumped up and flipped around the would-be killers. The British one tried to clothesline her but she blasted him back with a basic energy attack.

The other one grabbed her by the wrist and slammed her on the ground making her spurt a little. She got up and rushed at him punching him square in the jaw. The other monster was pushed back but while Era was attacking him the British one threw a fucking tree at her!

The tree hit Era square in the back and it knocked her into another tree! She got up from this panting, but when she did she let out an “Eip!” And lost control for a good five seconds with some liquid running down her legs onto the ground. She managed to regain control, but she felt worse now.

She let out a loud shriek loud enough to deafen both her and the British one. She flew over to the British one and head butted him away .After this she heard a “RAAAAAAW!”sound as the other monster ran to her with his fist cloaked in energy.

“ I'LL END IT IN ONE STRIKE! SOLID ROCK PUNCH!” The other monster uppercutted her.

Era floated there in the air for a second regaining herself. But she felt something coming down below!

“Aaaaah! Aaaah! Nooooo!”

HERES DAT WETTING SCENE MAH DUDES!

The other monster felt a couple warm droplets on his face. This was weird since there wasn’t a cloud in the sky this night. He looked up to see a stream of gold coming from the pink panties of a beautiful maiden.

Era pressed her hands into the front of her maid dress in a futile attempt to stop wetting herself. This only served to get the front wetter as her panties were soaked in the crotch area running down her legs, wetting her stockings and garter belts.

It dripped from her shoes and fell directly onto the other monster. “ Mgggh! I’m wetting myself! But it feels too good!” She moaned. She crossed her legs and pushed deeper into her crotch at this new sensation. Eventually she stopped just leaving a few drops to drip from under her soaked skirt.

Era stopped moaning and looked over to her friends who were astonished at her performance. Embarrassed she tried to play it off. “ Monster! You have made me soil my panties which is a sin I shan’t forgive! PINK STAR BLAST!”

A large and pink ray of energy came out of her wand hitting the other monster square in the chest while his guard was down from the earlier golden shower he received. He started to implode bursting into a bunch of red goop.

The British monster woke up from being knocked out earlier in time to see his comrade be killed. “ Oh my god they killed Johnny! You bastard! I’ll hit you with my ultimate attack! GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!”

“ What I can't hear you!” She yelled being deaf from shrieking a few lines ago.

“ I can’t hear you!” Said the British one also temporarily deafened.

“What!” She said louder

“ What!”

“WHAT!” She said even louder

“ I DON'T CARE ANYMORE! GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!”

“ Don’t tell me what to do bastard!”

A blast of energy looking like the UK’s flag emerged from the British one’s hands. Era counters with pink star blast.

“YOU CAN'T WIN!” He said and began adding more energy to the attack.

“ If i can't overpower him, I’ll just dodge,”

And so she dodged, spinning around gracefully, and blasted in front of the British one creating a smokescreen.

“HEARTBREAK SWORD!” She called out her next attack, a giant energy sword, and plunged it through the British one’s heart

“ You…. bloody…. slapper,” the British one croaked out before falling to the ground stone dead.

Era struck a triumphant pose before falling onto her knees and puking.

“ What the fuck!” Era heard one of her good friends say………

Somewhere unknown at the same time as the current events.

“ Milady,” an effeminate man with blonde hair said to a slender woman in a red and black dress. “ We have two reports of soldiers dying,”

“ The fuck do I care Conqieran ignore it, damn this is good wine, it’s not like who ever killed them can hold a candle to me, AED THE EMBODIMENT OF DEATH!!!”

“ Ok,”

Chapter 2 end

Authors note…… I didn’t feel in the mood yesterday for some quality content ( the first half of the story) but today I really enjoyed doing the second half with the fight scene and the wetting. I hope you enjoyed this please leave comments, criticism, or suggestions down below.

Oh yeah and I’ve decided to name the characters after deity’s of what they represent. Tina’s magical alter ego Era is a corruption of Eros (another name for Cupid) while Aed and Conqiera come from the four horsemen of the apocalypse ( Aed is the first 3 letters of death backwards and Conqiera is conquer) Aed will also have 2 more generals named Famier(famine) and Waretia(war)

“ Magic-me looks too op,”

“ Johnny and the British one are the bottom of the barrel in Aed’s army,”

“ Oh shit,”

With love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

*003*2018-09-08 23:04

Authors note….. I hadn’t made time to work on the story, but I do now.

And it seems I forgot to add Tina’s reference image in the guide so here it is

&&

So without further adieu LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUUUMBLE

Chapter 3 I’m sorry for all the exposition.

Initiate

After Era killed the two monsters threatening her friends, she puked at the realization of what just happened.

“ I-I killed someone, someone with friends, dreams, family, all that ended in an instant.” Era choked out.

“ Yeah but they were evil, They wanted to harm others, You did what you had to do,” Kitsa tried to explain.

“No i don’t have to use that bathroom,” “At least not anymore,” Era was still having a bit of hearing problems from last chapter which will be completely done away with now that the joke has been done.

“ I just really needed to get that reference out at the risk of ruining the flow,”

Back to your regularly scheduled story.

“ But why choose a young girl to go around killing people? Even if they are bad.”

“ Because this is fiction and we can do whatever we want in fiction. It makes for a plot to entertain others with,”

“ But enough with this conversation, you two dames, you’re also magical girls,” He turned his attention to the two girls who finally have a reason for being here.

“What the fuck!” Tina’s blue haired friend Mia exclaimed.

“What happened to you Tina? You’re so sparkly!”

“ She's a magical girl, and so are you!” Kitsa bestowed the magic powers onto Mia and Carie.

“ You are now stronger than any regular human in the planet, and when you transform you will have different names and be guardians of an aspect Ghostblade has chosen for you.”

He points at Mia “You with your pep shall be the guardian of war for the right cause. A noble warrior for defending the weak (not to be confused for sheer bloodlust). Your name will be Beauty Menita.

He now point at Carie “ You with your aptitude for learning shall be the guardian of knowledge, always thirsting to know more, without you people would be dumb as rocks. Your name when transformed is Beauty Oda.

“ What?” Mia said with a blank look on her face.

“ Oh no! I must be high off of something my uncle gave me!”

“ This is reality, So now you must train!”

“ LET'S DO SOME CONVENIENT TELEPORTING!”

Kitsa, Era, Mia, and Carie were conveniently teleported to a room that was completely white and seemed to span for infinity. A room where time and space didn’t exist.

“ This is the training room where you will train to conveniently raise your power levels by imagining anything to fight against or train with,”

“ This breaks the laws of reality! Such an interesting place!

“ That’s a boring name, and why do we need to do that? I was able to beat those two guys by myself,”

“ I’m mostly here for exposition and advice, yet I could’ve beaten those guys, They were the bottom of the barrel open the bad guys army,

“ Who's the bad guy?”

Just realized I used the word omnipotent for Tina’s self awareness when omnipotent means knowing everything….. whoops.

“ We’ll meet her next chapter, or the readers will I guess? More than last chapter, Oh yeah and you two transform just say what Tina said when she transformed replacing the word love with the words battle and knowledge,”

“ By the power of battle and all that is good I call upon my power!” A blue aura surrounded Mia as she got naked and clothed again. After this overly long transformation she was wearing….. a bunny suit!

“ What the?”

“Oh now that is blatant fanservice,”

“Such lewdness!”

“ Nice,”

“ I’m supposed to fight in this thing? I’ll die of embarrassment!” Menita said reasonably.

“ Nobody can tell it’s you,”

“ I’m just wearing a different outfit my hair isn’t even different or anything!”

“You have a magical aura that makes people think it’s not you,however that works,”

“ Ok now me, By the power of knowledge and all that is good I call upon my power!”

Same aura, getting naked, blah blah blah. Carie was now wearing a sailor suit with an incredibly short skirt.

“ With a skirt this short I’ll be showing my panties off to everyone!”

“ Yes,”

“ Oh, well speaking of which, Era aren’t yours cold since you never changed after wetting yourself?

“ What I didn’t wet myself this is uh um,” Era Blushed and tried to lie but failed.

“Yeah ok,”

With that our heroines began training. Era imagined up some lasers to try blasting her with so she could work on her quicktime reaction and agility. Menita imagined the two monsters from earlier to spar with. Finally Oda imagined a maze she had to get through full of weaker monsters.

Era dodged a laser and struck a pose that involved crossing her legs. What nobody except I know is that these forms make your need to pee increase the longer they are used without break.

Era used a pink shield attack to block the lasers and bent over not wanting her friends to think she was some sort of child after what happened earlier.

“ I can do this!” She said through gritted teeth “ LASER LOVE ATTACK!” Several pink lasers shot from her blasting the machines creating the other lasers, blowing them up.

“ Yeah I- aah!” She had missed a laserbot so it shot her in the back. Era spurted into her already wet panties. She turned around blasting in its direction. But it dodged since it was programmed to increase in speed the more robots were destroyed.,

“ Alright you wanna tussle lets go, HEARTBREAK SWORD!” Her energy sword crackling Tina prepared to slash this thing in two.

Meanwhile Menita was having pee problems of her own. The bluette hadn’t used the bathroom in a while and it was affecting her ability to fight. She eeped as she leaked a little into the blue panties of her bunny suit.

“ WARRIORS SPIRIT!”she let out a ball of blue energy against the imaginary version of the British monster.

“ Oi girl you’re fine as tits but I’ll kill ya GOD SAVE THE QUEEN!” The imaginary British one fired his ultimate attack.

“ I’ll show you that power creep is a bitch you tea drinking prick! FLAMES OF WAR!” Menita brought out her ultimate attack overpowering god save the Queen.

“ Bloody…. fuckin….. slapper,” The fake British one croaked as he died.

Menita due to focusing on the attack brought away focus on her bladder as she lost control for a few seconds urine wetting the crotch of the bunny suit and running down the pantyhose. Luckily she stopped before she lost complete control.

“ BRUTEFORCEPUNCH!” The other one quickly yelled as he sucker punched Mia

“ Fuck I forgot about him!” She thought.

Meanwhile meanwhile Oda was running through the maze also desperate from not having peed for a while. She weaved through the hoard of enemies with her hand in her crotch.

“ I wish I could get a break to pee,” she blasted several monsters with a basic energy attack. She hit a dead end and turned around to see a good deal of random monsters blocking her way.

(Sigh) “ WISDOM FLASH!” Oda held out her wand and a bright flash disintegrated the monsters.

“ Well I guess I could pee here,” Oda pulled her purple, lace, panties down but then saw a bunny. “Aw what are you doing here cutie?” She said pulling her panties up.

The bunny multiplied into 6 bunnies “huh?”

The bunnies showed off their incredibly sharp teeth.

……

“ MAN EATING BUNNIES AAAAAAHHHH!” Oda peed a little and starting running in fear.

Back to Era

Era was hacking and slashing at the robot. The robot was dodging and blasting. Both had the same speed, however Era’s concentration was heavily impaired by the fact that she needed to pee.

To Menita now

Menita was tired out from using her attack against the British one and could barely concentrate on the other monster. Only able to dodge. The other one was doing his best to crush her. Mia leaked again as she put both hands in her crotch.

To Oda now

Oda found the exit and blasted down the door to get away from the man eating bunnies. She jumped 30 ft down to the ground from the floating maze the bunnies following suit. She crouched from the desperation she felt and got really angry at the bunnies.

“ THE PAIN OF KNOWLEDGE!” She cried out still crouching as a thousand small lasers killed each bunny.

“ Oh dear me how uncivilized!” She tried to get up bu-

“ AAAAAAHHHHH UUUUHH!”

THERES GONNA BE 3 OF THEM MY DUDES!!!!

Oda screamed as she felt the urine explode from her. Her purple panties darkened with urine falling between her legs. She was already crouched, so her legs were relatively dry. Some hit the back of her skirt creating a slightly noticeable wet patch.

“ AAH OOH!”

She moaned at the relief but it was still overshadowed by the embarrassment. She had teased Era earlier for the same thing hadn’t she. The stream stopped and she got up to inspect herself. Her panties were wet at the crotch and the bottom with the skirt noticeably wet at the back.

Back to Menita

Menita was still dodging the other ones attacks. She weaved in and out of his punches. She realized she’d have to attack or else she’d have an accident and die.

“SPEAR OF PROTECTION!” A spear materialized in Menita’s hands and she plunged it into the other ones chest.

“Ah fuck! I can’t believe you’ve done this!” And he died.

“ HAH AH HAAA!”

With that attack she focused all her attention away from her bladder.

And so……….

HERES THE SECOND OF THE 3

The crotch of her suit became wet as she started to pee. Her panties underneath were soaked as it had trouble leaving her panties leaking into her pantyhose. Mia put her hands on her legs as she soaked herself, forming a puddle on the floor when it finally overflowed.

She checked her outfit. There were several wet streaks on her pantyhose but she was otherwise ok. Soaking, but ok.

Back to Era

Era was getting more frustrated and more wet as she fought and leaked. She slashed with speed incomprehensible. The robot was juking her out and blasting at her.

She screamed in rage as her aura flared. Her sword grew and she slashed with a speed that even the robot couldn’t handle. So it was cut in half and destroyed.

“Yeah I Ohgodistillneedtopee!”

FINAL WETTING SCENE FOR THIS CHAPTER

The urine wet her already wet panties again with more ease than before. It flowed down her legs and fell straight to the ground from where she hovered. It fell into a puddle far below her. She tried jamming her hands into her crotch but it was too late and it made the wet spot from before spread.

She couldn’t believe it. So soon after the first accident.

She finally stopped as she sighed in relief. The robot was gone she didn’t need to pee anymore and she was stronger than before….. even if she did smell like pee.

She flew down to where Menita and Oda were standing. She looked at them and saw the wetness on both of them.

“ Did you two wet yourselves?”

“ No we uh!” Oda said with a red face.

“ Oh so now it seems the turns have tabled!”

“ Hey Era you look wetter than before!” Menita teased

“Uh!”

“ Oh wow you did it again! It seems old habits die hard!” Oda fired back with a teasing face.

“ honestly it seems like we’re all little children huh,”

“ that’s it we’re team pantswetter!”

“ Oh no that’ll just be you ha ha!”

And so they joked with each other for a while before Kitsa told them to go home and stop making the place smell like pee. They untransformed and all went home giggling like the friends they were.

Chapter 3 end

Authors note.... the next chapter will be solely about the villain

Tina prime is sick today so their will be no comment from her.

Please leave comments and criticisms down below.

With love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

*005*2018-09-09 01:21

{{25 minutes ago, Anubis said:

I just read the first chapter and will read more of this when I find the time, but it's definitely an entertaining story so far. Hopefully you keep going with it.

}}

Oh thank you you’re literally the first comment on either of my fictions so thank you this is a moral boost

*006*2018-09-15 19:48

Authors note……..

Hello hello I’m feeling inspired after rereading Alice No 100cc (it’s an Omorashi manga give it a try it’s not hard to find free) I’m feeling inspired to start on chapter 4.

Although it’s 11 pm on a Wednesday my dudes at the time of at least making the authors note even though it’ll probably be finished on Saturday :p.

This chapter introduces you to our villain, Aed horsewoman of death, as well as her 3 generals, the other horsemen.

So without further adieu LEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO-

“ Oh Mr. Narrator/god!”

“ Yeah What is it?”

“ You went ahead and finished chpt 3 while I was sick even though I said not to! also with that you haven’t been doing a good idea at this self awareness thing in this thread! “

“ This is a different you that has experienced trauma recently she needs time to recover,”

“ I’ve gotten better now,” said….. MAGIC TINA!

“ What are you doing here? Didn’t I say not to have yourselves in the same place and same ti-AIAAIAIAIAIA!!!!!!!!!!”

“ What the hell! He disappeared into a black hole!”

“ Then I guess we’ll have to be the narrators,” I ,Tina Prime, said to my counterpart, smug faces came on our faces as we realized this freedom.

“ Here’s the script so we can get a base on what we’re generally talking about,” “I, Magic Tina, said.

*In unison striking a cute pose* “ Then without further adieu LEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUUMBLE!!”

Chapter 3 the villain episode. Initiate “ Does he think it’s cool to say initiate?” “ Who knows?”

Long ago in a world filled with chaos, there was a bearded man being chased by four people, one looked fat and jolly, another was tall and handsome, another had long blonde hair, the last was a stunning woman in a black dress.

The bearded man stopped at the edge of a cliff, rain pouring like the entire ocean was raining down on them.

The woman stopped and spoke to this man “ Give it up Juses, today you die, and the apocalypse shall happen, a world of chaos only we can control!”

“ Oooooh who’s this Juses guy?” Magic Tina asked herself.

“ Occording to God’s notes this is………. Jesus’ second cousin twice removed and our predecessor,” Tina prime told herself.

“ What the fuck? I think we need a bit more exposition from this one!”

“ According to this Jesus wasn’t the lamb of god Juses was but nobody believed him about anything thinking he was cuckoo, he also has the same powers we do!”

“ Stop conversing with each other my successors! And I can’t believe you’ve done this! Taking over the story! Attention whores!”

“ Who the fuck are you talking to Juses! Let’s get this over with My Lady Aed I need to gorge myself at Sausage house at 3:01!”

At the mention of sausage Conquiren couldn’t help but Oh My in delight.

“ Shut the fuck up faggot!”

“ It’s not an insult if it’s true Famiere, But My Lady why should we waste such a nice piece of man by killing him? Give him to me and I’ll take Good care of him,” Conquiren nearly salivated with every word.

“ I won’t take promises from a man who’s every last inch is covered in semen,” Aed then turned to Famiere.

“ Famiere you gluttonous fuck lose some goddamn weight! I gain calories by looking at you! Have you ever even seen a treadmill!”

“ Your words cut deep My Lady,”

“ Not with that much blubber on you! You’d think you’d have thick skin with all them fat rolls!”

While Aed roasted the shit out of Famiere, Waratia decided to have a grab at Juses.

“ Oh my!”

“ Ok so we have the fat stereotype and the gay stereotype, whats Waretia then?” “ Tina prime asked out loud.

“ I must do this, For my honor as the horseman of war, Battling you to defeat you once and for all to establish a world of Conquest, Famine, War, and Death,”

“ The serious one,” Magical Tina answered for her counterpart.

“Your seriousness is putting me to sleep Waretia, Why don’t I sleep on your carcass tonight,” Juses said calmly yet dramatically.

Juses’ robes grew longer and became a shade of green as he did his,own transformation, Spinning like the Earth on its axis, enveloped in a green aura, holy and divine.

“ I am Mr. Juses, lamb of Ghostblade913, wrecker of you,”

Juses rushed at Waretia, punching him in key pressure points to do as much damage as possible. He then roundhouse kicked Waretia into a rock.

“Impressive my foe, Nut can you handle this?” Waretia summoned several skeleton warriors to do his bidding. They came out the ground armed to the bone.

“You think spooky bois will defeat me you cuck!” Juses lifted a finger and the spooky boys blew up.

But then from the smoke Waretia appeared, having used the smoke as a smokescreen. SLASH, HACK, SLASH! Waretia tried to cut Juses into pieces, but Juses dodged every slash.

“ The forces of good will triumph! BEGONE THOT!” Juses kneed Waretia in the stomach then blasted him with a simple energy blast.

The other horsemen were still roasting this shit out of each other but before Famiere could finish a particularly good one Waretia slammed into him.

“ Huh? Oh right, We we’re trying to kill our mortal enemy.” Aed snapped back to reality

“ Whoop there goes gravity,” Magic Tina slapped Tina prime for getting off subject.

“ Alright Juses the time has come for us to fight! Your powers won’t work on me this time!”

“ Flesruoy tew,” Juses chanted a spell.

“ Ah fuck I was wrong!” Cried Aed as she immediately reached the limits of her bladder.

WELL THIS ONE'S PRETTY EARLY BUT HERE'S A WETTING SCENE

Aed cried out in a girly voice unfitting for the villain as pee started to pour out of her. She hunched over and grabbed the front of her black dress tightly only succeeding in getting herself more wet. The urine streamed down her legs through her tights making a giant puddle on the floor. Eventually it started to become a single drip drop as she started to run out of pee.

Aed’s dress was black and so were her tights so there wasn’t much to be seen. Her panties however were soaked at the crotch although nobody could see it. The most interesting thing was that Aed’s face wasn’t one of embarrassment, but one of pure rage!

“ How….. How dare you….. HOW DARE YOU!”

“ My Lady please calm down and let m -

“ SHUT UP!” She turned to Juses.

“ I will kill you for this! YOU THREE GIVE ME YOUR POWER!”

“ Eep!”

“ Oh dear!”

“Yes My Lady,”

The three minions gave almost all the strength the had to Aed who was using it to create a giant sphere of apocalyptic energy.

“ THIS WILL BLOW YOU OFF THE FACE OF THE PLANET! HERE TAKE IT! APOCALYPSE BOMB!”

Juses looked at the apocalypse bomb. Yes this would destroy the him, and a good chunk of this part of the Earth. He placed on hand on his chin and sighed, he then took out a photo of a woman and a little boy. He wiped a single tear off his cheek as he realized what must be done.

He jumped up to the apocalypse bomb and grabbed it with his hands.

“ What are you doing?” Aed hissed.

“ You two little girls up there! Listen to my plea! In taking god's place as you’ve done you have his powers! So please lend them to me! Dimensional powers!”

“ I uh, what?” Magical Tina looked so confused.

“ Magic me!” Tina prime said.

“ Let’s give the power to this man! He’s willing to risk it all for everyone he loves!”

“ …. You’re right! Let’s let him defeat them once and for all!”

“ No you mustn’t do that!

“ But why not!”

“ Because I can see that, you have a destiny much larger than mine to fulfill! I must end myself here to keep them at bay so you can defeat them, I know it!”

“I-I!” Magic Tina stuttered.

“ I can see that Ghostblade making you a magic girl has made you reluctant to let anyone good die, but it must be for the greater good,”

“ Please now! I can’t hold it on my own much longer!”

“ STOP TALKING TO YOURSELF YOU FREAK AND JUST DIE!”

Magic Tina sighed “ I guess we have to honor this man's dying wish,”

So they gave Juses dimensional powers that exert a lot of energy… enough to kill yourself.

“ Alright then, THOT CONTROLLER DIMENSION!”

Juses smiled as he exploded from the inside out creating a dimension that would suck the horsemen in. They all screamed as they were sucked into this dimension, never to be seen again for over 2000 years.

Chapter 3 villain episode part 1 of 2 end.

Authors note

*Pained screaming*

“ Well that was something!”

“ And it was only part one of two!”

“Shouldn’t the next one be chapter 4 instead of chapter 3 part two?”

“ I did always think that was weird,”

Well then audience how did you this backstory chapter two parter? Please leave comments and criticism as well as ideas down below.

With love Tina-P and Tina-M (stay thirsty friends)

*007*2018-09-18 01:53

Authors note…… *more painful screaming*

“ Oh hey guys it’s Tina prime, Since last chapter was so short and is part of a two parter, the second part will be released Wednesday instead of Saturday,”

“ However, we came across character guides for the villains and Juses, So here’s the guide!” Magic Tina added to the conversation.

“ Without further adieu LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUMBLE!”

Aed

Shoulder length black hair, skin pale, height tall, bust ample, eye color blue, ass thicc, build slender. Blood red lips, mascara

Usual outfit long, red, dress. High heels, elbow length black fancy gloves. Earring on left ear

Transformed

@@she actually physically changes when she transforms. She becomes shorter and her boobs plus ass become smaller so she’s only slightly larger than Tina in all areas. Pigtails

Clothing when transformed

Take this and imagine the ruffles as red, lengthen the sleeves to the wrist, add black tights.

“ I wonder what he was thinking when he thought of this?”

“ I don’t know we killed him,”

Famiere

Since he represents famine I thought it would be funny if he was fat being the opposite of what he represents.

Hair brown combed to the side, skin tan, height short, weight DANGER DANGER SCALE CANNOT HANDLE! Build blubber, ass blubber

Transformation???

Outfit all the male horsemen wear the same outfit just take away the medals and the hat from the navy admiral outfit and there you go

Conquiren

It’s pronounced with the word queer in it so I couldn’t help myself. He rubs his nipples all the time, he masterbates anywhere and everywhere, loves bbq sauce, is gay, is always covered in semen, talks like Zarbon from Dbz, salivates with every word, has a crush on Waretia.

Hair long and blonde, skin average, height tall, weight average, build very buff, ass tight as can be.

Outfit same as Famiere

Transformation ???

Waretia

The most serious character of them all. Has an undying loyalty to Aed

Hair short and black.skin average. Height tall.weight average.build buff. Ass tight.

Outfit same as above

Transformation ???

Juses

Preached the word of Ghostblade. I was in a phase at the time so my commandments were so weird everyone thought he was a nut job. Had a wife and a son.

Honestly just think if Jesus had a bad hair day

Outfit white robes

Transformation robes become longer and green.

Authors note * screams of unending agony*

Tina-m “ Well those ones about Conquiren were….. interesting,”

Tina-P“I think Famiere is just part whale,”

Tina-M“Waretia looks nice but he has no personality,”

Tina-P“I’m guessing that Juses may get more backstory in the future,”

Tina-P“ But that’s it for now audience! I have no idea how we are supposed to do this once the story focuses back to Magic me but we will do something I guess,”

Tina-M” But yes please leave comments and criticisms below as well as ideas, See you on Wednesday!”

With Love Tina (stay thirsty my friends)

*008*2018-09-20 01:10

Authors note…. *Closer sounding screams of agony*

“Well this is part 2 of the two parter involving the villains, let’s see what their plans are!”

“ Oh boy I can’t wait to see what I’m supposed to be stopping!”

“ Make sure to write notes throughout the entire thing,”

“Yeah I’ll just leave the talking to you,”

“ Without further adieu LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUMBLE!!!”

Chapter 3 the villain episode part 2. Initiate

2000 years later.

“ So there I was barbecue sauce all over my nipples-“

(Oh wow that’s inappropriate and weird)

“ Conquiren we’ve heard this story ONE HUNDRED MILLION TIMES! SHUT THE FUCK UP!”

In a dimension created by the sacrifice of Juses, there lived only four beings, the four horsemen of the apocalypse. These couple thousands of years have been pretty boring for them. All they’ve been doing is sleeping, masterbating, or listening to Conquiren tell that same story about that birthday party years ago.

“ I’m going to go insane if I have to spend another year in here! Such a beautiful maiden, left waste away in a dimension created by her enemy!” Aed sobbed dramatically.

“ I don’t see any beautiful maidens in here, only Conquiren!” Famiere snorted in laughter.

(Roasted the shit out of her)

Aed had about had enough of Fameires shit, so she focused on her wrist, trying to gather some energy to blast his fat face. But she was more or less a regular woman in this dimension with barely any energy.

“ Ah haha Ah haha Ah hah-

Zap

Everyone jumped in surprise as Aed managed to blast Famiere with a little energy. While it wasn’t much to even hurt him, it should’ve been impossible with the way the dimension worked.

“ Did.. you just…?” Waretia sputtered our in glee.

“ I… I did!”

Everyone looked at what seemed to be the door to the dimension. Over all these years the dimension was slowly getting weaker and now, a little energy from reality has leaked in and is leaking in at a steady pace.

“ Quick let’s put our energy together and break the barrier!”

The horsemen focused with all they had to give as much energy as possible to Aed so she could break it.

“ APOCALYPSE BOMB!”

Aed threw the apocalypse bomb with all her might. It hit the exit and shattered it! The entire dimension began to break around them, cracks appearing over the seemingly endless horizon.

Now outside the dimension on a street in the middle of Colorado random cracks appeared midair the cracks grew larger until it exploded and with a loud “pop” sound 3 grown men and 1 woman fell back into the world.

(A pop sound, that’s pretty anticlimactic)

“ We.. we did it! Backstreet's back baby ALRIGHT!” Famiere started hugging Waretia and jumping in joy both men crying tears of joy, however when Famiere got a whiff of what the 4 of them smelled like, he started to puke as did the other 3.

“ Oh god *gagging noises* so this is what it smells like to not shower for 2000 years!”

“ It smells like that time I accidentally used the laxatives early and-

“ SHUT UP!”

“ ….” Waretia, usually the most stoic, had even passed out.

The 4 horsemen ran for the nearest body of water to wash themselves in, eventually finding a lake big enough to split the guys and Aed.

(See kids evil stinks)

An hour later and everyone was about done, of course Conquiren wanted to “show off”

“ Conquiren none of us wants to see your- honestly I’ve got to say I’m impressed!” As much as Famiere hated Conquiren, he had to admit that guy had some nice…. uh…. um… uh ABS! Yeah abs that’s exactly what I meant! Get your head out the clouds this is a family friendly fetish fan fiction… wait.

“ Oh my! But what do you think Waretia?”

“ I think you should get dressed so we can meet back up with our leader,”

;-;

The 3 generals went over to where Aed was and as they got there she had just finished putting on her still-damp dress.

“ So What is the plan My Lady?”

“ I’ve tried some complex magic but it seems that dimension still affects us now to the point where we can barely use basic attacks, so it seems we must go further to get energy by stealing it from the world, i theorize that if we get enough back then we can use it again normally and take over the world!”

“ How will we collect the energy?” Famiere giggles evilly.

“ I think among us we have enough energy to create a single energy harvester monster, if they kill enough people and give the energy to us then we will be able to collect energy normally again,” She then turned to Waretia.

“ Waretia, you are the weakest among us, so I imagine you have a lower cap for the amount of energy you need to get back to normal again, that, and I don’t trust these 2 dimwits to be stronger than me for any time, got it?”

(Write that down magic me write that down)

“ Yes My Lady,”

So they used what little energy they had left to create a completely loyal energy harvester monster. He had a British accent for some reason.

“Might I suggest heading back to our lair? It should still be concealed and I’ve been DYING to see my old erotic art collection made by the Greeks!”

“ Ewwwww, but good idea! I can still track it, it seems to be…” Aed concentrated hard to find her beacon in the lair.”Down Southeast from here!”

“ Then I’ll stay to gather energy,”

So our villains set off in search of their lair and after looking at a current day map it seemed it was in a place called “Alabama” which was actually a word in the old evil language spoken by the horsemen before switching to English. It meant Inbred.

“ Such a weird name! Oh well I’m sure it’s just a coincidence,”

*Imitating Owen Wilson* (Wow)

So the trio were walking through the country, they were not human so they could last conditions much more extreme for humans. They never needed to rest a single bit during their walk from Colorado to Alabama. Nor did they need to eat, drink, or pee.

Except for Aed as she absolutely loved wine, often stealing it from stores. It took a lot to get her immediately desperate, but she drank just enough that she was bursting to pee by the time they got to the lair.

“Something wrong My Lady?”

“ No no it’s nothing I’m just a little excited to be home that’s all!”

Aed clenched her thighs together, her pride getting in the way of just popping a squat by a tree. She also needed to make sure the 2 generals in front of her couldn’t tell so she had to refrain from touching her crotch.

The foretress that was opened in the ground was disguised as a pond. This didn’t help Aed as she bounced a little.

The water parted and a set of stairs appeared in its place. They entered and were greeted by all of Aed’s pet bats which she had forgotten over the years.

“ Eep!” Aed leaked as the bats swarmed their owner.

“ Oh hi mommy missed you too!” Aed sputtered.

They entered the throne room. Where Aed usually sat, her room in a hallway down a hallway in the back and the generals hallways to the side.

“ I can’t wait to stuff my face with everything in the magic fridge! I can finally eat those sausages I never got to get!”

“ Oh my! And I can’t wait to masterbate In solitude again!” * Aed and Famiere shuddered in remembrance.

Aed kept shuddering as she began to leak a small stream down her left leg. Luckily the floor was covered in a very nice red carpet, alpaca wool.

“OKBUTNOWIMJUSTGONNAGOTAKEASHOWERNECAUSEIMALLFILTHYOKBYEWE’LLTALKTHISOVERLATER!!!” Aed said really fast running back to her room.

“ Well that was weird, I wonder what her problem is?

“ Oh Famiere poor, slow, Famiere, Can’t you see a horny person when they are right in front of you? I bet you can satisfy whatever ails her!”

“ Re-really you th-think I have a chance?” Famiere stuttered.

“ Of course! The only reason I haven’t gone for you is the fact that you despise me!”

Famiere psyched himself up to go for Aed, put on his best suave voice, and headed to Aed’s room.

Now he had expected her to be masterbating or humping a table or something. This wasn’t what he expected

HERES THE OTHER WETTING SCENE FOR YOU AUDIENCE!

Aed was in front of her bathroom door with her hands in her crotch. The crotch was noticeably dark and Famiere could smell…. pee? He saw liquid falling from beneath the slit in her dress and the carpet under her was getting dark. She was wetting herself no doubt about it. The backside of her dress got dark all the way down from her crotch on the front and back. The liquid ram in two separate streams converging into the darkness of the carpet.

Aed’s face was as red as her dress but when she saw Famiere gazing at her with a look of arousal it became fury AND embarrassment.

“ DONT LOOK AT MEEEEE!” She said that with a girlish scream and relentless fury at the same time as she blasted Famiere through the wall.

“ Wo-ohohohohoho-Wo-hohohohoho!” Conquiren laughed his tight ass off.

Unfortunately Famiere survived. Aed was so embarrassed that she Locked herself in her room for the rest of the day.

(Damn I’m disappointed that Famiere didn’t die)

Meanwhile….

As a monster slashed open a mans guts, he swallowed him whole. Beside the monster was a dark haired man, Waretia, smirking with delight. “ Monster, now that you have that man's energy give it to me,”

The monster relented and gave Waretia his energy. Electricity surged around Waretia as he cackled in delight, his lady Aed would be so proud of what he was doing, and he would become her number 1 general finally reaching his only goal in life.

“ AH HAHA AH HAHA AH HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!”

(That went from 0-100 real quick)

End of chapter 3 part 2

Authors note………….

Tina-p. “Oh wow so that’s what the vile villains have in store for the future! Magic me did you get all that down?”

Tina-m “Yep I’ll have to share this with my teammates then we can-

Suddenly I finally managed to return to my dimension.

AAAAAAAAAAAH *gasp* IM GONNA FUCKING KILL THE TWO OF YOU!

*turns to Tina-M* ILL SEND YOU TO THE NEXT DIMENSION! BEGONE THOT!

*Tina-M gets sent back to her dimension painfully*

AND YOU

Eep!

I’ve got a special punishment for you!

Thank you for reading please leave comments and criticism as well as suggestions down below.

Hmm what did I do to Tina prime? Well if you must know.

NOOOO NOT TELETUBBIES! ANYTHING BUT THAT!

Ha

With love Ghostblade (stay thirsty my friends)

*009*2018-09-22 04:06

I have a busy day tomorrow so I can’t post on Saturday unfortunately

*010*2018-09-29 21:31

Authors note….. man is it good to be back! You wouldn’t believe what I had to do in there. Luckily it seems Tina and Tina substitute nicely for the two parter, I was so tired from my trip that I couldn’t post last Saturday so here it is.

“Tele.. no… baby.. sun,” *sob*

She’ll be fine by the end of the chapter.

Chapter 4 Is your mom a plot device?

“ Well then let’s go home,” Tina and the Beauty squad had finished training at last. Everyone was tired and wet, ready to just sleep the week away.

“ Oh so how are you going to hide from my parents?” Tina questioned Kitsa as they walked on towards her house.

“ What the hell do you mean? I already look like a stuffed animal, I’ll just hide among yours,” Kitsa, the familier with an NYC accent answered our heroine.

“I don’t have any stuffed animals,”

“ What? I though your kind had rooms loaded with stuffed animals!”

“ Because I’m a girl?” Tina asked puzzled, with a confused look on her face.

“ Because you’re a magical girl!”

Tina and Kitsa walked up to Tina’s front door and were greeted by Tina’s mom, a beautiful woman with her hair in a side braid, she had a bit of sauce on her apron that was covering her modest dress as she answered her daughter lovingly.

“ Welcome home dear!” She said brightly. She then saw Kitsa in her hands. “ Gasp a stuffed animal! Did a boy give that to you? Oh my little girl is growing up! Just remember I’m impossibly understanding of your dreams and aspirations! Just remember to always do what’s right even if nobody’s looking!”

“ Ok mom can do it would be horrible if you suddenly left my life to create motivation for my character, especially with my bumbling father who doesn’t know how to raise me properly,”

“ I’m going for groceries in the late night, it’s not like anything bad will happen to me,”

*CLICK* I’ve disconnected Tina’s fourth wall power so notice how the mother has black text, which so far has only been given to minor characters who don’t have a lot of screen time. *CLICK*

Later that night Tina was watching tv while Kitsa sat in her room looking like a stuffed animal, not even breathing, his already shut looking eyes doing a great job of hiding his eyes while he has his eyes open.

“ Hey kiddo, how’s it going?” Tina’s father, Dick, had come home from his ambiguous job at ambiguous industries, wearing his white button up and tie with no pants on.

“ Daddy where are your pants?” “ Oh god that sounded like a porno! Ignore that audience!”

“ I don’t know they dissolved the moment I came in the door,” He then unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his white tank top with a gravy stain on it, a beer appearing in his hands.

“ Let’s watch the news,” So he went to the tv and flipped it over to the news and what he saw he almost couldn’t comprehend.

“Thanks Janine so let’s bring out this new psa for children titled “ Is your mother a plot device?” Let’s see it,”

Ah yes, the mother. A woman who can keep a steady household. One couldn’t imagine it but! Your mother may be a plot device destined for death! If she is, teens, accept your mom's death and husbands should accept it as well.

“ Huh?”

“ Hmm?”

Does your mother and/or wife wear a modest dress with an apron?

“ Yes,” the father and daughter said in unison.

Does she believe in her child’s dreams and give life lessons to impossible levels?

“Yes,”

Is the father not up to the challenge of parenthood?

“Yes,”

Does she have a side braid?

“ Yes,”

Congratulations, she is dead soon. So what you can do to prevent her death is-

“ We interrupt this program to give you breaking news! Monsters are eating people in downtown Vilcitown.

“ Oh no!”

The news showed a scene of mass destruction as monster ran around eating people, laughing maniacally as they did it. As the camera panned the destruction, Tina and Dick saw her.

“ MOM!” Tina cried out.

“ CHARLENE!” Dick cried out louder.

“ AAAAAAAAH!” Charlene cried out as a monster grabbed her and ripped her in half.

“ My god!” The cameraman yelled out. “ What the hell is-AAAAH-zzpt. The tv showed static.

“ Well that was horrifying! Well now after the break we will show the next psa. “ Is your daughter a magical girl?” The anchorman said with a smile as the screen cut to commercial.

“M-m-Mom, I-I ” Tina tried to hold in tears but couldn’t as sobs and tears burst from her. She threw her arms around her dad who was trying to save face for his daughter.

“ It’s ok to cry baby,” he whispered softly to her. “ Sometimes we lose who we love and we should *sniffle*,” Dick began to cry alongside his daughter holding her tight.

Tina tightened up and said with resolve, “ I’m gonna destroy those monsters! I can’t let murderers like them walk the Earth ending innocent lives!” She ran up to her room.

Dick sat back on the couch and wiped a tear from his eyes. He himself was too dazed to think that what she said meant anything, however he was wrong, so I’ll give him a sign from god to put him on the right track.

“Is YOUR DAUGHTER a magical girl?”

“ Huh?”

(In slightly French voice) *meanwhile*

“ What the fuck is wrong with you Ghostblade!?”

Hell do you mean?

“ You killed my mom!”

This is all for the sake of story

“ Killing other people’s loved ones and forcing them into fetish situations is your idea of a story?”

We are IN the story so yes

“ Grrr fuck off!”

Hmph

Tina got to downtown Vilcitown. Is it a village? Is it a city? Is it a town? We all scream inside for we don’t know the answer. She steeled herself for a fight while Kitsa gave her motivation

“ Try to be your best cause you’re only a man-

“ I’m a girl,”

“ Push it to the limit, walk along the razor's edge, but don’t look down just keep your head or you’ll be finished!”

“ Better, ok lets do this!”

Menita and Oda arrived on the scene having been called by Kitsa. Both were transformed and looked determined.

“ Ok so for a battle plan I was thinking we do a pincer movement,” analyzed Oda

“ Ima skullfuck em!” Menita yelled her battle cry and rushed at one of the monsters. He smashed her into a gas station that then blew up. Weirdly enough she was none worse for the wear.

“ Oh god Menita why?” Oda yelled exasperated. “ Oh and by the way, do we have like an official role in the group? Like a title?”

“ The homosexual supporting cast!” Era’s aura flared as it had against the machine in the training room.

“ What no we’re not gay we’re uh cousins!” Can’t have this there’s censorship laws out there.

The citizens of Alabama would like to know your location Oda I let Oda hear that one.

“Who said that?”

“ Our murderous pervert of a god!” Era gritted her teeth.

The monsters, after seeing Menita, clambered up the hill that Oda,Era ,and Kitsa were on. Bloodlust seething from them as they each wanted to eat one of them.

“ SHIELD OF KNOWLEDGE!” Oda created her weapon, a purple shield.

Era dashed down the hill, beheading monsters as she went. Oda followed suite and they formed a battle combination where Era slashed the monsters, turned around, and Oda would block enemies with her shield.

“ This is much easier aiming for the vitals!”

“ I’ll suck your ass!” A particularly large one screamed as he charged up his Tremor cannonball.

“ I’ll cut off your head and shit down your throat!” Era flipped over the attack and sliced his head off and though she wanted to do what she said in the line above, I don’t think this is the time or place for that.

“ Shut your fucking mouth murderer!”

*slightly French voice* meanwhile

Menita staggered out of the gas station and while the gas station was in flames, she wasn’t except she was choking on ash.

“ Water… I need water,” She choked out.

So for plot convenience I’ll put a whole water cooler in the middle of the street, ice cold and completely fine for drinking all of it ;)

“ Glug glug, Ah refreshing water nothing can go wrong from-

3...2...1 and-

Gah! I need to pee!”

Menita looked around the ruins of the area for a bathroom but then remembered she was in the middle of a battle.

Say where is the battle going on? Ok so most of them are getting slaughtered by the overpoweredness of Tina in her…. I don’t think I’ve addressed the aura thing either. I digress and look! I’ve found the other 3 that aren’t on the hill.

“Ok I think if we eat everyone in the building we can kill those lewdly dressed girls,” The strongest monster in the entire battle said.

“ Look the blue one is looking at us!” Said the third strongest.

“ You will not kill anymore people! Because you will bow before my power!”

“ I Think not,” the second strongest one ambushed her from inside a building, putting her in a full Nelson.

In response Menita kicked him in the non-existent dick which made him drop her since he hadn’t yet realized he didn’t have a dick.

“ My dick my dick! Wait a second!WHERE'S MAH DICK!”

The strongest one jumped to where Menita was, landing with a thud.

“ Idiot we don’t have dicks!”

He and Menita exchanged a flurry of punches. She was good, powers of war, it was like fighting his master.

He roundhouse kicked her into the building. As she got up she squeezed her thighs and brought out her spear.

The third strongest moved in front of her with a traffic light to use as a weapon of his own. They traded strikes with their weapons until the third strongest chomped at her with his teeth. This surprised her so much that she spurted into her panties.

He kept chomping at her attempting to add her power to his own the other two joined in all tripping over each other for a power boost.

Menita was being overwhelmed, she spun her spear to try to keep them back as she backed into a corner.

She didn’t want to, but she started fully focusing on the battle at hand and forgot about her bladder, this caused her to leak slowly.

She flipped over them and fired a scatter shot of blasts “ Machine gun scatter!”

With the monsters disoriented she leaped in kicking and punching all of them. As she fought she completely forgot about her bladder which was slowly but steadily releasing pee into her blue leotard and creating streaks on the tights.

As she panted and sweated she fought, and as she fought, she started smiling. As the guardian of war protection she couldn’t refute that she was enjoying this! As she fought she unknowingly started tapping into more power.

“ I’ll crush your head!” The strongest one kneed her in the stomach, causing her to largely spurt, he grabbed her by the head and started squeezing.

“ I call this my can opener attack!”

“ Calm down Steve you’re just squeezing her head, no need to name everything we do,”

She screamed as Steve threatened to pop her head like a pimple and grabbed his wrist trying to stop him. As she struggled she aligned more and more with her soul, her grip became tighter and tighter until….

She exploded with rage and snapped his wrist off! Her aura blazed like flames of war!

Speaking of which…

She punched Steve in the gut so hard that he slammed into a building on this burning street.

“ FLAMES OF WAR!” Menita’s ultimate attack flared from her outstretched hands and completely destroyed the second and third strongest ones.

“ Spear of protection!” She called out her weapon again and shot an icy glare at Steve.

“ I gotta call the boss,” Steve’s back was broken so he had no choice but to call his master, he started chanting to summon him.

“ Hgggg Ah!” Despite her constant leaking, Menita’s bladder felt worse. She tried to aim and throw the spear, but she needed to pee too badly.

She thought to herself “ No I need to…. I need to throw this at him and end it!”

“ NO nononono AHH!”

I KNOW YALL DONT WANNA LISTEN TO ME YOU JUST WANNA FAP HERES THE SCENE

Menita cursed herself as pee streamed out her tights and onto the ground below. She still had a look of determination though it really didn’t help. Her panties had been far too late to save a few lines ago while the pee soaked her butt and streamed down her legs.

A huge puddle expanded from under her as she still tried to aim. She did her best not to moan at her release and found it hard not to.

When it was over her entire lower half was soaked, even a little somehow got to her bunny tail.

A pillar of light came down from the sky as Steve finished the incantation while Menita was peeing herself.

“ My my Who has enough power to force the best monster in the third greatest of all my 4 regiments?” He walked over to Steve and without a second thought, plunged his hand into Steve’s neck, draining his power.

Menita looked at this man and felt a weird connection, as though they were siblings.

Waretia looked around and felt a similar feeling as his eyes lay upon Menita.

“ I feel an energy like mine coming from you, could you be the one that beat my monster?”

“ I-I I d-did,” Menita couldn’t help but stutter in fear as she looked at him, she felt as though she was nothing, his serious eyes bore into her soul.

“ Then you must be a threat to my glorious leader Aed! Who’s beauty, cunning, and power knows no bounds!” He said this all with a straight face, yet she could hear an underlying tone of aggression towards her.

“This power I sense, it is that of war, yet your power feels more calming than mine, a protector instead of a destroyer,”

“ Draw your weapon and pit protection against destruction! For I Waretia shall prove the power of my master”

Menita whimpered as she raised her spear, how could she beat such power?

Meanwhile

Era and Oda just finished killing the last one when they felt Waretia’s power.

“ What in the world is that?”

“ That’s Waretia, he’s the fourth strongest of our enemy,”

“ Just the fourth!” Oda gasped.

“ He sent the monster that killed my mom, I can’t take any revenge over our god, but I can sure kill him!”

Meanwhile

Waretia slammed the butt of the spear onto Menita’s head, he beat her without mercy, striking to harm as much as possible, but not kill.

“ Surely such a cute bunny couldn’t be an embodiment of war?” He said as he slammed her against a wall.

Menita’s bunny ear drooped and a tear rolled down her cheek.

“ I shall kill you now for the glory of Aed,” he said calmly, you couldn’t even slightly hear any murderous intent in his voice.

“ Hey assbutt!” Waretia turned his head to see a girl in a pink maid outfit and a girl in a sailor suit.

“ I assume you know this bunny?” He kicked Menita in the face, the pain causing her to revert back to her old Mia self.

“ Ha you needed a transformation to get to your power? I’m disappointed,”

“ Leave her alone so I can kill you,” Era flared and stared down Waretia.

“ Then by all means try to, I’ll even wait for you to make a move,”

“ Era you’re much stronger than me so I think I should take the high ground and fire from above while you fight him below,”

Era said nothing and walked over to Waretia.

“ Wait no Era What are you doing? Oda panicked her friends demeanor.

Era said nothing, Waretia said nothing, and then.

“ LASERLOVEATTACK!” Era blasted out lasers as fast as possible to try and catch him off guard from her wand which were each dodged by Waretia. Waretia punched Era and then head butted her, to which she flew back and fired several basic attacks.

Oda flew to the top sides of buildings and fired attacks at Waretia making weird motions with her hands and having the attacks come from every direction. Waretia dodged them like they were nothing.

He continued chasing Era who,was flying backwards and firing attacks at him.

“ LAZER LOVE ATTACK!” She couldn’t catch him with the attack and ended up cutting an evacuated building in half.

She changed tactics mid battle and pulled out her sword while rushing at him in a second. He simply grabbed her by both arms and bitch slapped her into the ground.

He then pile drived her and grabbed her by the neck and whispered in her ear . “ I haven’t even used any of my powers yet,”

“ Era!” Oda appeared behind Waretia. “ I’ve got you now! WISDOM FLASH!”

Waretia smirked at her as the attack hit him head on…. it didn’t show a single mark.

“ Not.. even.. a..scratch,” she whispered softly.

Waretia punched her in the face with such intensity that it immediately knocked her out of her transformation and she became just Carie.

“Now then, where were we?” He threw her to the ground began stepping on her ribs.

Authors note…….Now you see all hope is lost in this situation. This is the final chapter of this story, for this is Tina’s final resting place, forever.

With love Ghostblade

Ok I’m sure nobody believed that and I’m sorry, let’s continue as I pull a deus x machina out my ass.

“ Infatuation smoke bomb,” a handsome guardian in a butler suit clouded Waretia’s vision so he could grab all the Beauties in time.

“ Ah what in the! Hmm it seems they got away, I better report this to my mistress,”

As she was carried away Tina opened her eyes to see a guy her age with brown hair, he didn’t notice her, but she could tell who he was.

“Gary?” She thought. After all he looks exactly as described in the character guide and it was about time he entered. She decided to say something, but drifted off to sleep while saying.

“ Fucking deus x machina,”

The real authors note…. So this was a pretty dark chapter. Sorry I didn’t post last Saturday I was doing something important so I wanted to put my all into this chapter here.

“ I can’t believe Gary’s in the story now! And he looks so handsome that I’m jealous!”

Well you can see yours again because I feel like adding another chapter to your original story next Saturday.

“ Woah really it would be great to see everyone again!”

“ Oh and what about those aura things that have been popping up?”

Basically transformations before the transformations. Let’s call them grades, you and Mia are at grade 2 while Carie is still grade 1 which makes her the weakest.

“Oh ok,”

Please leave comments and criticism down below as well as ideas next Saturday I’m adding a chapter to the original thread Tina the Omorashi Girl!

With love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

*011*2018-10-13 02:20

Unfortunately, I will not be posting anything major on Saturday. I couldn’t write anything due to complications with hurricane Michael Myers

&&

$iframe allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" height="344" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" width="459" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6vtsKGzGVK4?feature=oembed"

*012*2018-10-23 02:46

Authors note…. Well last chapter I pulled a fucking deus x machina out of my ass and left on a cliffhanger. So let’s see what happens after they’re saved.

And I really apologize for procrastinating the release of this chapter. I won’t disappoint on Saturday I promise.

“ Good thing we had a breather chapter coming from my forum,”

Without further adieu LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUUUUMBLLLLLLLE!!!

Chapter 5 The I’m not strong enough character development common in shonen anime where a character loses to a villain and decides to “get stronger” which involves training.

“ Ok, so you got fucked up by this one guy,” Tina’s familier announces to the whole group.

After Gary had saved Tina and co he had quickly gone to where Kitsa had gone. He had dropped them off with Kitsa and left without saying a word. After that Kitsa took them to the training room to get healed and talk about what had happened.

“Godammit! I wasn’t strong enough to avenge mom! I need to get stronger!”Tina yelled out while slamming her fist on the ground.

“That guy was so scary and strong I need to get stronger to beat him,”Mia weeper a little.

“He pulled a one-punch on me, I even heard Saitama's theme in my head when he punched me,” Carie whispered.

“Woah-woah calm down girls, listen you’ve been watching too much shonen anime you weebs, while staying in shape and pushing your limits is a must for heroes, you can’t always with with strength alone, you need strategy to win a fight! Figure out tactics to kill your enemies!”

“I suppose that makes sense,”

“In hindsight I should have told all this, so you know how you transform to get your magical girls, well you can push your limits and ascend like shonen anime, the thing with the aura flaring Tina did was her having her limit pushed, I’d say we should call that 2nd grade of the transformation and I’d bet that she needs to get a bigger aura, I’d call that 3rd grade, and if you push through 3rd grade you can get a new transformation where instead of having extreme auras, your clothing changes.”

“Hey I think I got that 2nd grade thing!”

“Oh then good job toots,”

“But I don’t have anything like that”

“Then you’re completely outclassed for the time being, that’s why you were one-punched,”

Carie’s face became sollum as she realized she was a weak link.Kitsa started to continue.

“Now I’ll explain the pros and cons as well as differences of the grades and transformations, grades are a forced power output of your transformation, while transformations reset your power output, your power output is important because when you run out of power, you get weaker, when you use blasts, you use up power, imagine the power as an armor that can get chipped away, use your weapons k punch them, or use smaller blasts to chip away at your enemies power, then fuck them up with your strongest blasts would be by advice to winning a fight extremely straightforwardly, but try to come up with attacks that help a strategy in fights,”

“Uwah those paragraphs are too long! People aren’t going to read them!”

“Really sorry for all this exposition, but we just gotta finish two more paragraphs from Kitsa,”

“And so the meaning of life is- wait wait wrong notecard,” Kitsa began shuffling his notes. “Ah here it is! The key to getting these grades and transformations is a combination of training, anger, and/or becoming one with your thing, you know love, knowledge and war,”

“Oh I remember! I was getting really into the battle despite the fact that I was losing and suddenly I just powered up like that!”

“And I was really pissed-

“Figuratively or literally? Cause that’s an important question in regards to you”

“Shut up heifer! And then I powered up when I got really angry against that robot,”

“Exactly! So Carie, if you want to unlock your grade 2 either get really angry or do something smart,”

“One more thing Kitsa! If anger can cause the grades and transformations, why didn’t I get that when I saw mom die? I’m extremely pissed off!

“If you don’t have your new power completely under control from your last grade input, then your body would be ripped apart upon the new power input, you’d have to train sufficiently enough and then get angry at another thing for it to happen,”

“Ok I got all that written down,” Carie said since she really needed that 2nd grade power.

“Alright but all of you should go rest at home, it’s been a long day,”

“What about the enemies?”

“What? You might of lost girly, but you were like bunker hill, you lost, but you caused more casualties! Now go home, Mia maybe get into a fight as homework, Carie make a PowerPoint, and Tina uh get laid I don’t know stop grilling me!”

$iframe allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" height="270" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" width="480" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7TuxFKJAoYM?feature=oembed"

Carie was sitting in her house at around midnight, making a PowerPoint to see if it helps her any.

“Maybe if I transform, I’ll have the jumpstart right in my room,” she thought to herself.

“BY THE POWER OF KNOWLEDGE AND ALL THAT IS GOOD I CALL UPON MY POWER!”

Carie started spinning around while surrounded by her purple aura, rubbing herself sensually as she changed into a sluttier outfit. When she was done she became ODA, guardian of knowledge.

“Christ Carie stop yelling In the middle of the night or I’ll beat you with a crocodile!” Her dad yelled at her from down the hall.

Oda sat down and prepared to power the shit out of that point.

“And so with the Fertile Crescent providing food by farming,the Sumerians made up the first- Oda stopped typing to sip her Diet Dr.Pappar.-civilization in Southern Mesopotamia,”

An hour passed and she was still up trying to gain brownie points from me.

“This system of land for services to a higher command is called feudalism,”

She continued to work on her PowerPoint only occasionally squeezing her thighs together.Now this girl right here is very committed to succeeding in life so she blocks out everything when she’s in smart person mode

*smiles* and we all know what that means.

“And finally with this I’ve gotten to the end of history as of

“October 22 12:13 pm pacific standard time is what time it as as of making this sentence, but it’s like 2:am for Oda”

“Shut up and let me sleep god! We can deal with my anger plot point when I’m not sleeping!”

“I wasn’t talking to you, this is Oda’s chapter!”

Really I should get back to the story. After Oda had finished making a detailed PowerPoint of the history of mankind, she found herself overhyped from the soda.

She looked out the open window and got a feeling of importance. She decided to head out the open window and see what she can see.

Oda leaped gracefully, like a leaf in the wind, allowing herself to be taken wherever. The Magical girl stood on top of the skyscrapers of the city next to her. Upon the towering skyscrapers she saw lights of the world lit up as though heaven was a place in Earth.

As she leaped through the city she realized it was dumb to not have used her facilities before leaving and resolved to finding somewhere to go in this unsleeping city.

Her powers of ignoring her bladder only really work with things that don’t exert yourself, like studying, not leaping skyscrapers.

She gracefully floated down to the sidewalks of the city, unnoticed by the bustle of ants that was the business people. Some noticed her in their peripheral and muttered “fucking weeb,” at the sight of her outfit but that was it.

She bunched up her skirt as she looked for as a place to pass her water. She looked around at the lively city and sighed as she realized finding relief would be harder than expected.

She pace-walked her way through the city trying to find a good bathroom place. She started to shuffle as the full gravity of the situation hit her.

“What is it with this situation and needing to pee so much?” She growled through her teeth. I of course know the answer, divine intervention.

For several minutes she tried place after place, looking for some solitary company in a bathroom. Restaurants wanted her to buy something, all the public bathrooms she saw were closed thanks to divine intervention, and the alleys were filled with hookers and rapists.

Each time she was denied she leaked, and with all

@@this leaking she was getting wet. Nervous sweat ran down her brow, she jammed into her crotch, she sat on her heel, it wasn’t helping much.

Now more people were looking at her strange attire and her desperate state, it wasn’t helping her concentration.

Finally in front of yet another closed bathroom she broke into a cry as her damn broke…

HERES THE PORN YA SCALLYWAGS

She lifted up her skirt slightly so her skirt wouldn’t be ruined. Hot piss rushed out of this poor girl soaking her panties like a flash flood, and running down her legs like waterfalls.

It puddled at her shoes and made her socks soppy. The city citizens who were looking at her saw everything; which only added to Oda’s embarrassing spectacle.

If she looked at her panties she would have seen a huge spot from her magic piddle at the crotch.

HEY HEADS UP THERES NO WETTING FOR THE REST OF THIS CHAPTER SO IF YOURE NOT IN IT FOR THE PLOT IVE WARNED YOU

Oda squeezes her eyes shut as she expected to hear remarks about what she’s down from the city peoples.

Instead she heard…. screaming?

She opened her eyes to see a couple of monsters wrecking shit. One had a greaser jacket and a pompadour, the other was wearing a button up shirt.

“Alright Phil what should o do next for the most destruction!” The pompadour one said.

“Well Daley destroy the foundation and a building will fall,” said the button up.

“Alright!” Said Daley, who blasted a hole through the buildings bottom, causing it to fall to the ground, killing a couple thousand people.

“Hey!!!”

The monsters looked to see Oda standing there, head high up, legs soaked in urine.

The monsters bursted out laughing. “Daley! I think this is one of those annoying girls who attacked master Wareria!”

Daley stopped laughing” You’re right Phil, and it’s the one who was one-punched!” They continued laughing.

“Wait Daley! If she’s all alone we can take her, and kill her! Aed herself may reward us!”

“Aed! That must be the name of one of Waretia’s superiors!” Oda thought to herself.

“Ok shitheads if you’re done laughing let me kill you already,”

“Feisty girl! You won’t be talking trash when we do the thing!” Said Daley.

“The thing where we fuse!” Phil yelled.

Daley proceeds to jump on Phil’s shoulders as a huge flash erupted from them. A lighting bolt hit them and left there was a gremlin like creature with a button up shirt and a pompadour.

Oda fires several blasts at the gremlin fusion and ho simply swatted it away. She brought out her shield and blocked a hammer hit, which pushed her back several yards.

“Mindbeam!” Oda fired her laser at the gremlin, who simply ate it. Like literally ate it.

“ I am a creature formed from brains and brawn! You can’t beat me! Puny girl.’

He the fired the laser back at her from his own stomach and when she went to the left to dodge he punched her gut.

“Seriously you must be an idiot! Gahahaha!”

Hearing this, Oda realized she was being an idiot.

“I’m not the guardian of brute force! I’m the guardian OF KNOWLEDGE!”

“The pain of knowledge!” Oda’s several mini lasers did nothing but cast a smoke cloud over the fusion.

“Ha that did nothing! Wait where’d you go-

“Wisdom flash!” She yelled as the flash blinded the fusion.

Throughout the battle she kept utilizing clever tactics to gain an edge.

Oda fired the mindlaser at the ground, causing a small hole for the fusion to trip in.

She then grabbed a piece of metal from a car, heating it as she ran towards the downed fusion.

“Let’s see what you can do without your eyes!” She hammed the heated metal into his right eye. He got up and grabbed her to pull her out but she kept hanging in while driving the metal in his eye.

“Let go! Let go!”

“No…. I…. wooont!” Oda exploded foreword, completely going through the creatures eye socket.

“Grah gur gah!” The fusion mood there’d with a hole in his head as he diffused into a living gremlin and a dead one.

“Oh god how did this happen!” Phil yelled. “I’ll get you for this,TACTICAL SMOKESCREEN!” Phil disappeared behind a wall of smoke.

Meanwhile Oda was enticed by her new power. She stared herself from top to bottom, cloaked in an extreme purple aura.

“This power is amazing, but I can’t forget the tactics that brought me here in the first place! I better just go home, I’m really wet,”

And so Oda, guardian of knowledge, went home to get a good night's rest.

End of chapter 5

Authors note……. Well I find that one genuinely charming. I also tried to do epic similes in a couple lines to add to atmosphere. Even if I was late, I still enjoy how it came out.

“I’m still mad at you you know,”

Yeah we’ll wrap up that plot point eventually.

Anyways please leave comments as well as criticism or ideas down below. I thank you for reading.

Love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

*013*2018-10-28 08:14

Authors note…. Damn I need to stop procrastinating. It’s 12:37 am on Saturday and all I’ve done is the authors note.

“You must have motivation issues,”

I procrastinate and usually get stuff done then I see it as proof procrastination works and then ah my head hurts.

Chapter 6 Skool dais

A dark fog covered the area, a heavy feeling pressed on her lungs. She saw 4 figures in the dark, eyes glowing red like demons. One slender, another fat, two average.

The average one with short hair disappeared and reappeared in front of her, he made a movement too quick to see and suddenly she fell down. On the ground she felt wet from what seemed to be her blood. The slender one and the fat started laughing as the area around grew black. The average long haired one started moaning as well for some reason.

Tina woke up at 6:30 in a cold sweat… and pee, yeah she wet the bed. The back of her panties were completely soaked and the smell of cold pee was all in her room.

“Dammit god, why do you do this to me? Asshole,” she muttered, still lightly asleep.

“Wake up it’s time for school! Ding-a-ling-ling!”

“What really? I need to wash this be-

“I’ll do it for ya just throw some new panties and the rest of your clothes on and go to school!”

“Why are you so excited today?” She said eyes half closed as she threw on some clothes.

“It’s time for the love interest,”

“Gary?”

“No George HW Bush, Yes Gary! I wanted to make up for killing your mom by having Gary be in this chapter in his regular form.”

“Really? Well I can never forgive you for killing off my mom but if all goes well I’ll stop being hostile, unless some other big scene where you wrong me again happens,”

*Muttering to just the audience* “There’s gonna be so much more, I seem to be taking a more Madoka approach to the Magical girl thing. Not that I think I can do better than Madoka of course.”

As Tina ran downstairs she saw her dad, dressed in a suit and tie, heading for work.

“How’s my beautiful daughter today?” Dick said as he ruffled his daughter’s hair.

“Apart from mom dying I’m a-ok!” She said cheerfully.

“That’s great!” He said equally cheerfully. “Oh I forgot my briefcase!” Dick started running to his room.

“That’s weird dad was holding his briefcase, oh well,”

She then put some toast in her mouth, got into a running stance, and shot out the door to school.

As Dick peeked out his door he sighed at seeing Tina gone. Now he knew he was still holding his briefcase, he actually didn’t have to work that day. What he was actually going to do will he explained in this flashback.

*flashback time woooooo*

“Is your daughter a Magical girl?” The tv screen blurted out.

“Huh?”

“You see Magical girls are dangerous, and while if your daughter is a Magical girl she might not stop even if you do know, but it’s still good to be in the knowing. If something major has happened, such as your wife dying, then fathers your daughter may be a Magical girl. If she has at least one friend who’s natural hair isn’t a natural hair color, then she’s a magical girl, if she randomly disappears at night, she’s definitely a Magical girl,”

“Oh 3 out of 3,” He said after he checked to see Tina was gone from her room.

“Most Magical girls have a familiar, a creature tasked with giving them info and starting the Magical girling, they usually look like pets or stuffed animals. If your daughter has recently gotten a stray pet or a weird stuffed animal, put the pet in a confined space long enough listening to Celine Dion and it will crack. If it’s the latter, throw it in the washing machine a couple of times and it will tell you everything,”

*flashback ends woooooooh*

“Alright fucker it’s time for a wash,” Dick growled at Kitsa, who was sweating in fear.

Meanwhile Tina was racing to get to school, toast in mouth.

“Tina Tina hey!”

Tina turned around to see her friends racing after her with toast in their mouths.

“Tina I unlocked grade 2 last night while fighting a monster on my own!” Carie said excitedly.

“Cool,” she replied since she knows basically everything that I’ve typed down with a couple exceptions.

They walked to the school when Tina got a weird feeling. She looked around and BAM! She saw Gary get hit by a car.

“Ah motherfucking cars!” He said miraculously unharmed.

But then he saw BAM! He got hit by a car again.

“I should stop standing in the middle of the road,” He proceeded to walk past Tina, his oxytocin stopped in its tracks thank to terrible drivers.

An hour later Tina was sitting in home etc class wondering how she could, or I would (god the self awareness thing is confusing) have her get Gary.

As she pondered this her teacher, Jennifer Kcidakcus was doing the worlds worst job of teaching home etc. All she really did was sensually touch herself while eating phallic shaped foods. God entertainment for the guys, a good chance for the girls to gossip about Julie’s shoes.

“I don’t know why you’re asking me for help noticing a guy, nobody notices me- oh Julie totes has the ugliest shoes Eva! She then paused as everyone sipped their pumpkin spice lattes like they were my laundry settings, highly white.

“Mia every athletic guy in this school grovels at your feet- oh Julie’s shoes make me wanna so tell that cumdumpster to just fuck off!”

Now this is true as every guy in everything considered a sport in the school was obsessed with her extremely yandere-like.

The football team would bake her sweets

The baseball team would replace her homework with theirs so she would get good grades.

The basketball team cleaned her house every Tuesday

The golf team stole her underwear

The chess team threw themselves in front of her feet whenever she would be about to walk into a puddle

Yet she was blissfully unaware of all these things. Actually if one of them moaned up and asked her out she would be theirs forever really.

“Oooh does someone have a senpai that won’t notice them?”

“I smell a pedophile,”

Tina turned around to see the human hourglass in front of her.

“Well sweetie, use the powers of seduction, show him what he wants,”Jenny then walked to her desk, sat on it and spread her legs showing off her-

*skip to 1:40 for maximum enjoyment*

%https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kLp_Hh6DKWc

9/10ths of the guys and 1/8th of the girls suddenly started to bleed uncontrollably from their noses.

“God that’s worthy of an Owen Wilson wow,”

%https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KlLMlJ2tDkg

“Ask and ye shall receiveth,”

After class ended Tina decided to a downscaled version of the *ahem* spectacle of home etc.

She saw Gary walking down the halls and started walking in front of him. Then she enacted her plan.

“Oh no I’m tripping!” She said with terrible acting. “I hope no handsome guys whose name start with G and rhyme with marry see my pink panties! That would be horrible!” She then fell on her face while flipping up her skirt to flash Gary to get senpai to notice her.

“Y'know, there can be too much of a good thing. I'm beginning to think the girls at this school have brain damage or something, the way they keep falling over to show their panties,”He said with a hint of smugness.

“Huh?”

“You must have taken advice from Ms. Kcidakcus, showing off your panties to gain the attraction of a guy?

Tina blushed “Well,”

“Look there’s another girl doing the same thing you did, but stupider!”

“Oh no I’m blowing leaves with a miniskirt on! I hope Bobby doesn’t see me expose myself!”

“Here let’s walk to the fountain,” He held out his hand. All she had to do was take it.

*Do it! Just say yes!”

Time for the moment of truth for her to say-

“Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm,”

Seriously what the fuck is wrong with these people and being unable to say what I tell them to say.

“You wanna rephrase that?”

“Yes I’ll go with you,”

“Alright,”

They walked down the path to the fountain while they pointed little stuff out, cherry blossoms blooming in the wind.

As they got to the fountain, Tina decided to ask Gary whether he recognized her from last night and about his status as a Magical boy.

“Gary…. Did you hear about that stuff last night at downtown Vilcitown?

“Yeah how come you ask?”

“Did you see any lewdly dressed girls fighting the monsters or a man with a spear,”

“That’s ridiculous! Did you hit your head too hard flashing me?”

Tina decided to just up and transform in front of him so the conversation would go somewhere.

“By the power of love and all that is good I call upon my power!”

Naked girls, clothing, sensual rubbing etc.

She struck a pose and Gary was stunned.

“T-Tina!”

“No in this form I’m Era, Guardian of love!”

“That can’t be, I’m the guardian of love,”

“I’m sorry what?”

“By the power of love and all that is good I call upon my power!”

Gary was surrounded by a green aura as he got naked and new clothes appeared on him. He was now wearing a butler suit, in contrast to Era’s maid suit.

“In this form I’m guardian of love, Cupa!”

“But god said-

“You talked directly to him? I was only told stuff by a dog!”

“I’m not sure what’s going on,” Era tried to step closer to Cupa but their auras created a spark of electricity between them.

This spark only seemed to fuel a weird feeling she was having, as was Cupa.

They pushed closer together, and found themselves kissing under the cherry blossoms by the fountain.

The kiss was sweet, but Era thought it was all too fast. Like Romeo and Juliet who had a similarly fast relationship and ended up dying.

She pushed from Gary and ran away, leaving him to wonder what he did wrong.

“Wait up!” He yelled as he chased her.

End of chapter 6

Authors note I got the omo scene(the bed wetting) through really quickly in this. I just wanted to write something not too fetishey this time.

“But why’s she run away?”

How long was it until Gary kissed you.

“Out fifth date,”

Try to build off that.

Please leave comments as well as criticism or ideas down below. I thank you for reading.

Love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

