Magical girl Beautiful Tina the Omorashi girl.

Author: Ghostblade913

*006*2018-09-15 19:48

Authors note……..

Hello hello I’m feeling inspired after rereading Alice No 100cc (it’s an Omorashi manga give it a try it’s not hard to find free) I’m feeling inspired to start on chapter 4.

Although it’s 11 pm on a Wednesday my dudes at the time of at least making the authors note even though it’ll probably be finished on Saturday :p.

This chapter introduces you to our villain, Aed horsewoman of death, as well as her 3 generals, the other horsemen.

So without further adieu LEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO-

“ Oh Mr. Narrator/god!”

“ Yeah What is it?”

“ You went ahead and finished chpt 3 while I was sick even though I said not to! also with that you haven’t been doing a good idea at this self awareness thing in this thread! “

“ This is a different you that has experienced trauma recently she needs time to recover,”

“ I’ve gotten better now,” said….. MAGIC TINA!

“ What are you doing here? Didn’t I say not to have yourselves in the same place and same ti-AIAAIAIAIAIA!!!!!!!!!!”

“ What the hell! He disappeared into a black hole!”

“ Then I guess we’ll have to be the narrators,” I ,Tina Prime, said to my counterpart, smug faces came on our faces as we realized this freedom.

“ Here’s the script so we can get a base on what we’re generally talking about,” “I, Magic Tina, said.

*In unison striking a cute pose* “ Then without further adieu LEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUUMBLE!!”

Chapter 3 the villain episode. Initiate “ Does he think it’s cool to say initiate?” “ Who knows?”

Long ago in a world filled with chaos, there was a bearded man being chased by four people, one looked fat and jolly, another was tall and handsome, another had long blonde hair, the last was a stunning woman in a black dress.

The bearded man stopped at the edge of a cliff, rain pouring like the entire ocean was raining down on them.

The woman stopped and spoke to this man “ Give it up Juses, today you die, and the apocalypse shall happen, a world of chaos only we can control!”

“ Oooooh who’s this Juses guy?” Magic Tina asked herself.

“ Occording to God’s notes this is………. Jesus’ second cousin twice removed and our predecessor,” Tina prime told herself.

“ What the fuck? I think we need a bit more exposition from this one!”

“ According to this Jesus wasn’t the lamb of god Juses was but nobody believed him about anything thinking he was cuckoo, he also has the same powers we do!”

“ Stop conversing with each other my successors! And I can’t believe you’ve done this! Taking over the story! Attention whores!”

“ Who the fuck are you talking to Juses! Let’s get this over with My Lady Aed I need to gorge myself at Sausage house at 3:01!”

At the mention of sausage Conquiren couldn’t help but Oh My in delight.

“ Shut the fuck up faggot!”

“ It’s not an insult if it’s true Famiere, But My Lady why should we waste such a nice piece of man by killing him? Give him to me and I’ll take Good care of him,” Conquiren nearly salivated with every word.

“ I won’t take promises from a man who’s every last inch is covered in semen,” Aed then turned to Famiere.

“ Famiere you gluttonous fuck lose some goddamn weight! I gain calories by looking at you! Have you ever even seen a treadmill!”

“ Your words cut deep My Lady,”

“ Not with that much blubber on you! You’d think you’d have thick skin with all them fat rolls!”

While Aed roasted the shit out of Famiere, Waratia decided to have a grab at Juses.

“ Oh my!”

“ Ok so we have the fat stereotype and the gay stereotype, whats Waretia then?” “ Tina prime asked out loud.

“ I must do this, For my honor as the horseman of war, Battling you to defeat you once and for all to establish a world of Conquest, Famine, War, and Death,”

“ The serious one,” Magical Tina answered for her counterpart.

“Your seriousness is putting me to sleep Waretia, Why don’t I sleep on your carcass tonight,” Juses said calmly yet dramatically.

Juses’ robes grew longer and became a shade of green as he did his,own transformation, Spinning like the Earth on its axis, enveloped in a green aura, holy and divine.

“ I am Mr. Juses, lamb of Ghostblade913, wrecker of you,”

Juses rushed at Waretia, punching him in key pressure points to do as much damage as possible. He then roundhouse kicked Waretia into a rock.

“Impressive my foe, Nut can you handle this?” Waretia summoned several skeleton warriors to do his bidding. They came out the ground armed to the bone.

“You think spooky bois will defeat me you cuck!” Juses lifted a finger and the spooky boys blew up.

But then from the smoke Waretia appeared, having used the smoke as a smokescreen. SLASH, HACK, SLASH! Waretia tried to cut Juses into pieces, but Juses dodged every slash.

“ The forces of good will triumph! BEGONE THOT!” Juses kneed Waretia in the stomach then blasted him with a simple energy blast.

The other horsemen were still roasting this shit out of each other but before Famiere could finish a particularly good one Waretia slammed into him.

“ Huh? Oh right, We we’re trying to kill our mortal enemy.” Aed snapped back to reality

“ Whoop there goes gravity,” Magic Tina slapped Tina prime for getting off subject.

“ Alright Juses the time has come for us to fight! Your powers won’t work on me this time!”

“ Flesruoy tew,” Juses chanted a spell.

“ Ah fuck I was wrong!” Cried Aed as she immediately reached the limits of her bladder.

WELL THIS ONE'S PRETTY EARLY BUT HERE'S A WETTING SCENE

Aed cried out in a girly voice unfitting for the villain as pee started to pour out of her. She hunched over and grabbed the front of her black dress tightly only succeeding in getting herself more wet. The urine streamed down her legs through her tights making a giant puddle on the floor. Eventually it started to become a single drip drop as she started to run out of pee.

Aed’s dress was black and so were her tights so there wasn’t much to be seen. Her panties however were soaked at the crotch although nobody could see it. The most interesting thing was that Aed’s face wasn’t one of embarrassment, but one of pure rage!

“ How….. How dare you….. HOW DARE YOU!”

“ My Lady please calm down and let m -

“ SHUT UP!” She turned to Juses.

“ I will kill you for this! YOU THREE GIVE ME YOUR POWER!”

“ Eep!”

“ Oh dear!”

“Yes My Lady,”

The three minions gave almost all the strength the had to Aed who was using it to create a giant sphere of apocalyptic energy.

“ THIS WILL BLOW YOU OFF THE FACE OF THE PLANET! HERE TAKE IT! APOCALYPSE BOMB!”

Juses looked at the apocalypse bomb. Yes this would destroy the him, and a good chunk of this part of the Earth. He placed on hand on his chin and sighed, he then took out a photo of a woman and a little boy. He wiped a single tear off his cheek as he realized what must be done.

He jumped up to the apocalypse bomb and grabbed it with his hands.

“ What are you doing?” Aed hissed.

“ You two little girls up there! Listen to my plea! In taking god's place as you’ve done you have his powers! So please lend them to me! Dimensional powers!”

“ I uh, what?” Magical Tina looked so confused.

“ Magic me!” Tina prime said.

“ Let’s give the power to this man! He’s willing to risk it all for everyone he loves!”

“ …. You’re right! Let’s let him defeat them once and for all!”

“ No you mustn’t do that!

“ But why not!”

“ Because I can see that, you have a destiny much larger than mine to fulfill! I must end myself here to keep them at bay so you can defeat them, I know it!”

“I-I!” Magic Tina stuttered.

“ I can see that Ghostblade making you a magic girl has made you reluctant to let anyone good die, but it must be for the greater good,”

“ Please now! I can’t hold it on my own much longer!”

“ STOP TALKING TO YOURSELF YOU FREAK AND JUST DIE!”

Magic Tina sighed “ I guess we have to honor this man's dying wish,”

So they gave Juses dimensional powers that exert a lot of energy… enough to kill yourself.

“ Alright then, THOT CONTROLLER DIMENSION!”

Juses smiled as he exploded from the inside out creating a dimension that would suck the horsemen in. They all screamed as they were sucked into this dimension, never to be seen again for over 2000 years.

Chapter 3 villain episode part 1 of 2 end.

Authors note

*Pained screaming*

“ Well that was something!”

“ And it was only part one of two!”

“Shouldn’t the next one be chapter 4 instead of chapter 3 part two?”

“ I did always think that was weird,”

Well then audience how did you this backstory chapter two parter? Please leave comments and criticism as well as ideas down below.

With love Tina-P and Tina-M (stay thirsty friends)

*007*2018-09-18 01:53

Authors note…… *more painful screaming*

“ Oh hey guys it’s Tina prime, Since last chapter was so short and is part of a two parter, the second part will be released Wednesday instead of Saturday,”

“ However, we came across character guides for the villains and Juses, So here’s the guide!” Magic Tina added to the conversation.

“ Without further adieu LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUMBLE!”

Aed

Shoulder length black hair, skin pale, height tall, bust ample, eye color blue, ass thicc, build slender. Blood red lips, mascara

Usual outfit long, red, dress. High heels, elbow length black fancy gloves. Earring on left ear

Transformed

She actually physically changes when she transforms. She becomes shorter and her boobs plus ass become smaller so she’s only slightly larger than Tina in all areas. Pigtails

Clothing when transformed

Take this and imagine the ruffles as red, lengthen the sleeves to the wrist, add black tights.

“ I wonder what he was thinking when he thought of this?”

“ I don’t know we killed him,”

Famiere

Since he represents famine I thought it would be funny if he was fat being the opposite of what he represents.

Hair brown combed to the side, skin tan, height short, weight DANGER DANGER SCALE CANNOT HANDLE! Build blubber, ass blubber

Transformation???

Outfit all the male horsemen wear the same outfit just take away the medals and the hat from the navy admiral outfit and there you go

Conquiren

It’s pronounced with the word queer in it so I couldn’t help myself. He rubs his nipples all the time, he masterbates anywhere and everywhere, loves bbq sauce, is gay, is always covered in semen, talks like Zarbon from Dbz, salivates with every word, has a crush on Waretia.

Hair long and blonde, skin average, height tall, weight average, build very buff, ass tight as can be.

Outfit same as Famiere

Transformation ???

Waretia

The most serious character of them all. Has an undying loyalty to Aed

Hair short and black.skin average. Height tall.weight average.build buff. Ass tight.

Outfit same as above

Transformation ???

Juses

Preached the word of Ghostblade. I was in a phase at the time so my commandments were so weird everyone thought he was a nut job. Had a wife and a son.

Honestly just think if Jesus had a bad hair day

Outfit white robes

Transformation robes become longer and green.

Authors note * screams of unending agony*

Tina-m “ Well those ones about Conquiren were….. interesting,”

Tina-P“I think Famiere is just part whale,”

Tina-M“Waretia looks nice but he has no personality,”

Tina-P“I’m guessing that Juses may get more backstory in the future,”

Tina-P“ But that’s it for now audience! I have no idea how we are supposed to do this once the story focuses back to Magic me but we will do something I guess,”

Tina-M” But yes please leave comments and criticisms below as well as ideas, See you on Wednesday!”

With Love Tina (stay thirsty my friends)

*008*2018-09-20 01:10

Authors note…. *Closer sounding screams of agony*

“Well this is part 2 of the two parter involving the villains, let’s see what their plans are!”

“ Oh boy I can’t wait to see what I’m supposed to be stopping!”

“ Make sure to write notes throughout the entire thing,”

“Yeah I’ll just leave the talking to you,”

“ Without further adieu LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUMBLE!!!”

Chapter 3 the villain episode part 2. Initiate

2000 years later.

“ So there I was barbecue sauce all over my nipples-“

(Oh wow that’s inappropriate and weird)

“ Conquiren we’ve heard this story ONE HUNDRED MILLION TIMES! SHUT THE FUCK UP!”

In a dimension created by the sacrifice of Juses, there lived only four beings, the four horsemen of the apocalypse. These couple thousands of years have been pretty boring for them. All they’ve been doing is sleeping, masterbating, or listening to Conquiren tell that same story about that birthday party years ago.

“ I’m going to go insane if I have to spend another year in here! Such a beautiful maiden, left waste away in a dimension created by her enemy!” Aed sobbed dramatically.

“ I don’t see any beautiful maidens in here, only Conquiren!” Famiere snorted in laughter.

(Roasted the shit out of her)

Aed had about had enough of Fameires shit, so she focused on her wrist, trying to gather some energy to blast his fat face. But she was more or less a regular woman in this dimension with barely any energy.

“ Ah haha Ah haha Ah hah-

Zap

Everyone jumped in surprise as Aed managed to blast Famiere with a little energy. While it wasn’t much to even hurt him, it should’ve been impossible with the way the dimension worked.

“ Did.. you just…?” Waretia sputtered our in glee.

“ I… I did!”

Everyone looked at what seemed to be the door to the dimension. Over all these years the dimension was slowly getting weaker and now, a little energy from reality has leaked in and is leaking in at a steady pace.

“ Quick let’s put our energy together and break the barrier!”

The horsemen focused with all they had to give as much energy as possible to Aed so she could break it.

“ APOCALYPSE BOMB!”

Aed threw the apocalypse bomb with all her might. It hit the exit and shattered it! The entire dimension began to break around them, cracks appearing over the seemingly endless horizon.

Now outside the dimension on a street in the middle of Colorado random cracks appeared midair the cracks grew larger until it exploded and with a loud “pop” sound 3 grown men and 1 woman fell back into the world.

(A pop sound, that’s pretty anticlimactic)

“ We.. we did it! Backstreet's back baby ALRIGHT!” Famiere started hugging Waretia and jumping in joy both men crying tears of joy, however when Famiere got a whiff of what the 4 of them smelled like, he started to puke as did the other 3.

“ Oh god *gagging noises* so this is what it smells like to not shower for 2000 years!”

“ It smells like that time I accidentally used the laxatives early and-

“ SHUT UP!”

“ ….” Waretia, usually the most stoic, had even passed out.

The 4 horsemen ran for the nearest body of water to wash themselves in, eventually finding a lake big enough to split the guys and Aed.

(See kids evil stinks)

An hour later and everyone was about done, of course Conquiren wanted to “show off”

“ Conquiren none of us wants to see your- honestly I’ve got to say I’m impressed!” As much as Famiere hated Conquiren, he had to admit that guy had some nice…. uh…. um… uh ABS! Yeah abs that’s exactly what I meant! Get your head out the clouds this is a family friendly fetish fan fiction… wait.

“ Oh my! But what do you think Waretia?”

“ I think you should get dressed so we can meet back up with our leader,”

;-;

The 3 generals went over to where Aed was and as they got there she had just finished putting on her still-damp dress.

“ So What is the plan My Lady?”

“ I’ve tried some complex magic but it seems that dimension still affects us now to the point where we can barely use basic attacks, so it seems we must go further to get energy by stealing it from the world, i theorize that if we get enough back then we can use it again normally and take over the world!”

“ How will we collect the energy?” Famiere giggles evilly.

“ I think among us we have enough energy to create a single energy harvester monster, if they kill enough people and give the energy to us then we will be able to collect energy normally again,” She then turned to Waretia.

“ Waretia, you are the weakest among us, so I imagine you have a lower cap for the amount of energy you need to get back to normal again, that, and I don’t trust these 2 dimwits to be stronger than me for any time, got it?”

(Write that down magic me write that down)

“ Yes My Lady,”

So they used what little energy they had left to create a completely loyal energy harvester monster. He had a British accent for some reason.

“Might I suggest heading back to our lair? It should still be concealed and I’ve been DYING to see my old erotic art collection made by the Greeks!”

“ Ewwwww, but good idea! I can still track it, it seems to be…” Aed concentrated hard to find her beacon in the lair.”Down Southeast from here!”

“ Then I’ll stay to gather energy,”

So our villains set off in search of their lair and after looking at a current day map it seemed it was in a place called “Alabama” which was actually a word in the old evil language spoken by the horsemen before switching to English. It meant Inbred.

“ Such a weird name! Oh well I’m sure it’s just a coincidence,”

*Imitating Owen Wilson* (Wow)

So the trio were walking through the country, they were not human so they could last conditions much more extreme for humans. They never needed to rest a single bit during their walk from Colorado to Alabama. Nor did they need to eat, drink, or pee.

Except for Aed as she absolutely loved wine, often stealing it from stores. It took a lot to get her immediately desperate, but she drank just enough that she was bursting to pee by the time they got to the lair.

“Something wrong My Lady?”

“ No no it’s nothing I’m just a little excited to be home that’s all!”

Aed clenched her thighs together, her pride getting in the way of just popping a squat by a tree. She also needed to make sure the 2 generals in front of her couldn’t tell so she had to refrain from touching her crotch.

The foretress that was opened in the ground was disguised as a pond. This didn’t help Aed as she bounced a little.

The water parted and a set of stairs appeared in its place. They entered and were greeted by all of Aed’s pet bats which she had forgotten over the years.

“ Eep!” Aed leaked as the bats swarmed their owner.

“ Oh hi mommy missed you too!” Aed sputtered.

They entered the throne room. Where Aed usually sat, her room in a hallway down a hallway in the back and the generals hallways to the side.

“ I can’t wait to stuff my face with everything in the magic fridge! I can finally eat those sausages I never got to get!”

“ Oh my! And I can’t wait to masterbate In solitude again!” * Aed and Famiere shuddered in remembrance.

Aed kept shuddering as she began to leak a small stream down her left leg. Luckily the floor was covered in a very nice red carpet, alpaca wool.

“OKBUTNOWIMJUSTGONNAGOTAKEASHOWERNECAUSEIMALLFILTHYOKBYEWE’LLTALKTHISOVERLATER!!!” Aed said really fast running back to her room.

“ Well that was weird, I wonder what her problem is?

“ Oh Famiere poor, slow, Famiere, Can’t you see a horny person when they are right in front of you? I bet you can satisfy whatever ails her!”

“ Re-really you th-think I have a chance?” Famiere stuttered.

“ Of course! The only reason I haven’t gone for you is the fact that you despise me!”

Famiere psyched himself up to go for Aed, put on his best suave voice, and headed to Aed’s room.

Now he had expected her to be masterbating or humping a table or something. This wasn’t what he expected

HERES THE OTHER WETTING SCENE FOR YOU AUDIENCE!

Aed was in front of her bathroom door with her hands in her crotch. The crotch was noticeably dark and Famiere could smell…. pee? He saw liquid falling from beneath the slit in her dress and the carpet under her was getting dark. She was wetting herself no doubt about it. The backside of her dress got dark all the way down from her crotch on the front and back. The liquid ram in two separate streams converging into the darkness of the carpet.

Aed’s face was as red as her dress but when she saw Famiere gazing at her with a look of arousal it became fury AND embarrassment.

“ DONT LOOK AT MEEEEE!” She said that with a girlish scream and relentless fury at the same time as she blasted Famiere through the wall.

“ Wo-ohohohohoho-Wo-hohohohoho!” Conquiren laughed his tight ass off.

Unfortunately Famiere survived. Aed was so embarrassed that she Locked herself in her room for the rest of the day.

(Damn I’m disappointed that Famiere didn’t die)

Meanwhile….

As a monster slashed open a mans guts, he swallowed him whole. Beside the monster was a dark haired man, Waretia, smirking with delight. “ Monster, now that you have that man's energy give it to me,”

The monster relented and gave Waretia his energy. Electricity surged around Waretia as he cackled in delight, his lady Aed would be so proud of what he was doing, and he would become her number 1 general finally reaching his only goal in life.

“ AH HAHA AH HAHA AH HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!”

(That went from 0-100 real quick)

End of chapter 3 part 2

Authors note………….

Tina-p. “Oh wow so that’s what the vile villains have in store for the future! Magic me did you get all that down?”

Tina-m “Yep I’ll have to share this with my teammates then we can-

Suddenly I finally managed to return to my dimension.

AAAAAAAAAAAH *gasp* IM GONNA FUCKING KILL THE TWO OF YOU!

*turns to Tina-M* ILL SEND YOU TO THE NEXT DIMENSION! BEGONE THOT!

*Tina-M gets sent back to her dimension painfully*

AND YOU

Eep!

I’ve got a special punishment for you!

Thank you for reading please leave comments and criticism as well as suggestions down below.

Hmm what did I do to Tina prime? Well if you must know.

NOOOO NOT TELETUBBIES! ANYTHING BUT THAT!

Ha

With love Ghostblade (stay thirsty my friends)

*009*2018-09-22 04:06

I have a busy day tomorrow so I can’t post on Saturday unfortunately

*010*2018-09-29 21:31

Authors note….. man is it good to be back! You wouldn’t believe what I had to do in there. Luckily it seems Tina and Tina substitute nicely for the two parter, I was so tired from my trip that I couldn’t post last Saturday so here it is.

“Tele.. no… baby.. sun,” *sob*

She’ll be fine by the end of the chapter.

Chapter 4 Is your mom a plot device?

“ Well then let’s go home,” Tina and the Beauty squad had finished training at last. Everyone was tired and wet, ready to just sleep the week away.

“ Oh so how are you going to hide from my parents?” Tina questioned Kitsa as they walked on towards her house.

“ What the hell do you mean? I already look like a stuffed animal, I’ll just hide among yours,” Kitsa, the familier with an NYC accent answered our heroine.

“I don’t have any stuffed animals,”

“ What? I though your kind had rooms loaded with stuffed animals!”

“ Because I’m a girl?” Tina asked puzzled, with a confused look on her face.

“ Because you’re a magical girl!”

Tina and Kitsa walked up to Tina’s front door and were greeted by Tina’s mom, a beautiful woman with her hair in a side braid, she had a bit of sauce on her apron that was covering her modest dress as she answered her daughter lovingly.

“ Welcome home dear!” She said brightly. She then saw Kitsa in her hands. “ Gasp a stuffed animal! Did a boy give that to you? Oh my little girl is growing up! Just remember I’m impossibly understanding of your dreams and aspirations! Just remember to always do what’s right even if nobody’s looking!”

“ Ok mom can do it would be horrible if you suddenly left my life to create motivation for my character, especially with my bumbling father who doesn’t know how to raise me properly,”

“ I’m going for groceries in the late night, it’s not like anything bad will happen to me,”

*CLICK* I’ve disconnected Tina’s fourth wall power so notice how the mother has black text, which so far has only been given to minor characters who don’t have a lot of screen time. *CLICK*

Later that night Tina was watching tv while Kitsa sat in her room looking like a stuffed animal, not even breathing, his already shut looking eyes doing a great job of hiding his eyes while he has his eyes open.

“ Hey kiddo, how’s it going?” Tina’s father, Dick, had come home from his ambiguous job at ambiguous industries, wearing his white button up and tie with no pants on.

“ Daddy where are your pants?” “ Oh god that sounded like a porno! Ignore that audience!”

“ I don’t know they dissolved the moment I came in the door,” He then unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his white tank top with a gravy stain on it, a beer appearing in his hands.

“ Let’s watch the news,” So he went to the tv and flipped it over to the news and what he saw he almost couldn’t comprehend.

“Thanks Janine so let’s bring out this new psa for children titled “ Is your mother a plot device?” Let’s see it,”

Ah yes, the mother. A woman who can keep a steady household. One couldn’t imagine it but! Your mother may be a plot device destined for death! If she is, teens, accept your mom's death and husbands should accept it as well.

“ Huh?”

“ Hmm?”

Does your mother and/or wife wear a modest dress with an apron?

“ Yes,” the father and daughter said in unison.

Does she believe in her child’s dreams and give life lessons to impossible levels?

“Yes,”

Is the father not up to the challenge of parenthood?

“Yes,”

Does she have a side braid?

“ Yes,”

Congratulations, she is dead soon. So what you can do to prevent her death is-

“ We interrupt this program to give you breaking news! Monsters are eating people in downtown Vilcitown.

“ Oh no!”

The news showed a scene of mass destruction as monster ran around eating people, laughing maniacally as they did it. As the camera panned the destruction, Tina and Dick saw her.

“ MOM!” Tina cried out.

“ CHARLENE!” Dick cried out louder.

“ AAAAAAAAH!” Charlene cried out as a monster grabbed her and ripped her in half.

“ My god!” The cameraman yelled out. “ What the hell is-AAAAH-zzpt. The tv showed static.

“ Well that was horrifying! Well now after the break we will show the next psa. “ Is your daughter a magical girl?” The anchorman said with a smile as the screen cut to commercial.

“M-m-Mom, I-I ” Tina tried to hold in tears but couldn’t as sobs and tears burst from her. She threw her arms around her dad who was trying to save face for his daughter.

“ It’s ok to cry baby,” he whispered softly to her. “ Sometimes we lose who we love and we should *sniffle*,” Dick began to cry alongside his daughter holding her tight.

Tina tightened up and said with resolve, “ I’m gonna destroy those monsters! I can’t let murderers like them walk the Earth ending innocent lives!” She ran up to her room.

Dick sat back on the couch and wiped a tear from his eyes. He himself was too dazed to think that what she said meant anything, however he was wrong, so I’ll give him a sign from god to put him on the right track.

“Is YOUR DAUGHTER a magical girl?”

“ Huh?”

(In slightly French voice) *meanwhile*

“ What the fuck is wrong with you Ghostblade!?”

Hell do you mean?

“ You killed my mom!”

This is all for the sake of story

“ Killing other people’s loved ones and forcing them into fetish situations is your idea of a story?”

We are IN the story so yes

“ Grrr fuck off!”

Hmph

Tina got to downtown Vilcitown. Is it a village? Is it a city? Is it a town? We all scream inside for we don’t know the answer. She steeled herself for a fight while Kitsa gave her motivation

“ Try to be your best cause you’re only a man-

“ I’m a girl,”

“ Push it to the limit, walk along the razor's edge, but don’t look down just keep your head or you’ll be finished!”

“ Better, ok lets do this!”

Menita and Oda arrived on the scene having been called by Kitsa. Both were transformed and looked determined.

“ Ok so for a battle plan I was thinking we do a pincer movement,” analyzed Oda

“ Ima skullfuck em!” Menita yelled her battle cry and rushed at one of the monsters. He smashed her into a gas station that then blew up. Weirdly enough she was none worse for the wear.

“ Oh god Menita why?” Oda yelled exasperated. “ Oh and by the way, do we have like an official role in the group? Like a title?”

“ The homosexual supporting cast!” Era’s aura flared as it had against the machine in the training room.

“ What no we’re not gay we’re uh cousins!” Can’t have this there’s censorship laws out there.

The citizens of Alabama would like to know your location Oda I let Oda hear that one.

“Who said that?”

“ Our murderous pervert of a god!” Era gritted her teeth.

The monsters, after seeing Menita, clambered up the hill that Oda,Era ,and Kitsa were on. Bloodlust seething from them as they each wanted to eat one of them.

“ SHIELD OF KNOWLEDGE!” Oda created her weapon, a purple shield.

Era dashed down the hill, beheading monsters as she went. Oda followed suite and they formed a battle combination where Era slashed the monsters, turned around, and Oda would block enemies with her shield.

“ This is much easier aiming for the vitals!”

“ I’ll suck your ass!” A particularly large one screamed as he charged up his Tremor cannonball.

“ I’ll cut off your head and shit down your throat!” Era flipped over the attack and sliced his head off and though she wanted to do what she said in the line above, I don’t think this is the time or place for that.

“ Shut your fucking mouth murderer!”

*slightly French voice* meanwhile

Menita staggered out of the gas station and while the gas station was in flames, she wasn’t except she was choking on ash.

“ Water… I need water,” She choked out.

So for plot convenience I’ll put a whole water cooler in the middle of the street, ice cold and completely fine for drinking all of it ;)

“ Glug glug, Ah refreshing water nothing can go wrong from-

3...2...1 and-

Gah! I need to pee!”

Menita looked around the ruins of the area for a bathroom but then remembered she was in the middle of a battle.

Say where is the battle going on? Ok so most of them are getting slaughtered by the overpoweredness of Tina in her…. I don’t think I’ve addressed the aura thing either. I digress and look! I’ve found the other 3 that aren’t on the hill.

“Ok I think if we eat everyone in the building we can kill those lewdly dressed girls,” The strongest monster in the entire battle said.

“ Look the blue one is looking at us!” Said the third strongest.

“ You will not kill anymore people! Because you will bow before my power!”

“ I Think not,” the second strongest one ambushed her from inside a building, putting her in a full Nelson.

In response Menita kicked him in the non-existent dick which made him drop her since he hadn’t yet realized he didn’t have a dick.

“ My dick my dick! Wait a second!WHERE'S MAH DICK!”

The strongest one jumped to where Menita was, landing with a thud.

“ Idiot we don’t have dicks!”

He and Menita exchanged a flurry of punches. She was good, powers of war, it was like fighting his master.

He roundhouse kicked her into the building. As she got up she squeezed her thighs and brought out her spear.

The third strongest moved in front of her with a traffic light to use as a weapon of his own. They traded strikes with their weapons until the third strongest chomped at her with his teeth. This surprised her so much that she spurted into her panties.

He kept chomping at her attempting to add her power to his own the other two joined in all tripping over each other for a power boost.

Menita was being overwhelmed, she spun her spear to try to keep them back as she backed into a corner.

She didn’t want to, but she started fully focusing on the battle at hand and forgot about her bladder, this caused her to leak slowly.

She flipped over them and fired a scatter shot of blasts “ Machine gun scatter!”

With the monsters disoriented she leaped in kicking and punching all of them. As she fought she completely forgot about her bladder which was slowly but steadily releasing pee into her blue leotard and creating streaks on the tights.

As she panted and sweated she fought, and as she fought, she started smiling. As the guardian of war protection she couldn’t refute that she was enjoying this! As she fought she unknowingly started tapping into more power.

“ I’ll crush your head!” The strongest one kneed her in the stomach, causing her to largely spurt, he grabbed her by the head and started squeezing.

“ I call this my can opener attack!”

“ Calm down Steve you’re just squeezing her head, no need to name everything we do,”

She screamed as Steve threatened to pop her head like a pimple and grabbed his wrist trying to stop him. As she struggled she aligned more and more with her soul, her grip became tighter and tighter until….

She exploded with rage and snapped his wrist off! Her aura blazed like flames of war!

Speaking of which…

She punched Steve in the gut so hard that he slammed into a building on this burning street.

“ FLAMES OF WAR!” Menita’s ultimate attack flared from her outstretched hands and completely destroyed the second and third strongest ones.

“ Spear of protection!” She called out her weapon again and shot an icy glare at Steve.

“ I gotta call the boss,” Steve’s back was broken so he had no choice but to call his master, he started chanting to summon him.

“ Hgggg Ah!” Despite her constant leaking, Menita’s bladder felt worse. She tried to aim and throw the spear, but she needed to pee too badly.

She thought to herself “ No I need to…. I need to throw this at him and end it!”

“ NO nononono AHH!”

I KNOW YALL DONT WANNA LISTEN TO ME YOU JUST WANNA FAP HERES THE SCENE

Menita cursed herself as pee streamed out her tights and onto the ground below. She still had a look of determination though it really didn’t help. Her panties had been far too late to save a few lines ago while the pee soaked her butt and streamed down her legs.

A huge puddle expanded from under her as she still tried to aim. She did her best not to moan at her release and found it hard not to.

When it was over her entire lower half was soaked, even a little somehow got to her bunny tail.

A pillar of light came down from the sky as Steve finished the incantation while Menita was peeing herself.

“ My my Who has enough power to force the best monster in the third greatest of all my 4 regiments?” He walked over to Steve and without a second thought, plunged his hand into Steve’s neck, draining his power.

Menita looked at this man and felt a weird connection, as though they were siblings.

Waretia looked around and felt a similar feeling as his eyes lay upon Menita.

“ I feel an energy like mine coming from you, could you be the one that beat my monster?”

“ I-I I d-did,” Menita couldn’t help but stutter in fear as she looked at him, she felt as though she was nothing, his serious eyes bore into her soul.

“ Then you must be a threat to my glorious leader Aed! Who’s beauty, cunning, and power knows no bounds!” He said this all with a straight face, yet she could hear an underlying tone of aggression towards her.

“This power I sense, it is that of war, yet your power feels more calming than mine, a protector instead of a destroyer,”

“ Draw your weapon and pit protection against destruction! For I Waretia shall prove the power of my master”

Menita whimpered as she raised her spear, how could she beat such power?

Meanwhile

Era and Oda just finished killing the last one when they felt Waretia’s power.

“ What in the world is that?”

“ That’s Waretia, he’s the fourth strongest of our enemy,”

“ Just the fourth!” Oda gasped.

“ He sent the monster that killed my mom, I can’t take any revenge over our god, but I can sure kill him!”

Meanwhile

Waretia slammed the butt of the spear onto Menita’s head, he beat her without mercy, striking to harm as much as possible, but not kill.

“ Surely such a cute bunny couldn’t be an embodiment of war?” He said as he slammed her against a wall.

Menita’s bunny ear drooped and a tear rolled down her cheek.

“ I shall kill you now for the glory of Aed,” he said calmly, you couldn’t even slightly hear any murderous intent in his voice.

“ Hey assbutt!” Waretia turned his head to see a girl in a pink maid outfit and a girl in a sailor suit.

“ I assume you know this bunny?” He kicked Menita in the face, the pain causing her to revert back to her old Mia self.

“ Ha you needed a transformation to get to your power? I’m disappointed,”

“ Leave her alone so I can kill you,” Era flared and stared down Waretia.

“ Then by all means try to, I’ll even wait for you to make a move,”

“ Era you’re much stronger than me so I think I should take the high ground and fire from above while you fight him below,”

Era said nothing and walked over to Waretia.

“ Wait no Era What are you doing? Oda panicked her friends demeanor.

Era said nothing, Waretia said nothing, and then.

“ LASERLOVEATTACK!” Era blasted out lasers as fast as possible to try and catch him off guard from her wand which were each dodged by Waretia. Waretia punched Era and then head butted her, to which she flew back and fired several basic attacks.

Oda flew to the top sides of buildings and fired attacks at Waretia making weird motions with her hands and having the attacks come from every direction. Waretia dodged them like they were nothing.

He continued chasing Era who,was flying backwards and firing attacks at him.

“ LAZER LOVE ATTACK!” She couldn’t catch him with the attack and ended up cutting an evacuated building in half.

She changed tactics mid battle and pulled out her sword while rushing at him in a second. He simply grabbed her by both arms and bitch slapped her into the ground.

He then pile drived her and grabbed her by the neck and whispered in her ear . “ I haven’t even used any of my powers yet,”

“ Era!” Oda appeared behind Waretia. “ I’ve got you now! WISDOM FLASH!”

Waretia smirked at her as the attack hit him head on…. it didn’t show a single mark.

“ Not.. even.. a..scratch,” she whispered softly.

Waretia punched her in the face with such intensity that it immediately knocked her out of her transformation and she became just Carie.

“Now then, where were we?” He threw her to the ground began stepping on her ribs.

Authors note…….Now you see all hope is lost in this situation. This is the final chapter of this story, for this is Tina’s final resting place, forever.

With love Ghostblade

Ok I’m sure nobody believed that and I’m sorry, let’s continue as I pull a deus x machina out my ass.

“ Infatuation smoke bomb,” a handsome guardian in a butler suit clouded Waretia’s vision so he could grab all the Beauties in time.

“ Ah what in the! Hmm it seems they got away, I better report this to my mistress,”

As she was carried away Tina opened her eyes to see a guy her age with brown hair, he didn’t notice her, but she could tell who he was.

“Gary?” She thought. After all he looks exactly as described in the character guide and it was about time he entered. She decided to say something, but drifted off to sleep while saying.

“ Fucking deus x machina,”

The real authors note…. So this was a pretty dark chapter. Sorry I didn’t post last Saturday I was doing something important so I wanted to put my all into this chapter here.

“ I can’t believe Gary’s in the story now! And he looks so handsome that I’m jealous!”

Well you can see yours again because I feel like adding another chapter to your original story next Saturday.

“ Woah really it would be great to see everyone again!”

“ Oh and what about those aura things that have been popping up?”

Basically transformations before the transformations. Let’s call them grades, you and Mia are at grade 2 while Carie is still grade 1 which makes her the weakest.

“Oh ok,”

Please leave comments and criticism down below as well as ideas next Saturday I’m adding a chapter to the original thread Tina the Omorashi Girl!

With love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

*011*2018-10-13 02:20

Unfortunately, I will not be posting anything major on Saturday. I couldn’t write anything due to complications with hurricane Michael Myers

&&

$iframe allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" height="344" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" width="459" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/6vtsKGzGVK4?feature=oembed"

*012*2018-10-23 02:46

Authors note…. Well last chapter I pulled a fucking deus x machina out of my ass and left on a cliffhanger. So let’s see what happens after they’re saved.

And I really apologize for procrastinating the release of this chapter. I won’t disappoint on Saturday I promise.

“ Good thing we had a breather chapter coming from my forum,”

Without further adieu LEEEEEEEEEETS GET READY TO RUUUUUUUUUUUMBLLLLLLLE!!!

Chapter 5 The I’m not strong enough character development common in shonen anime where a character loses to a villain and decides to “get stronger” which involves training.

“ Ok, so you got fucked up by this one guy,” Tina’s familier announces to the whole group.

After Gary had saved Tina and co he had quickly gone to where Kitsa had gone. He had dropped them off with Kitsa and left without saying a word. After that Kitsa took them to the training room to get healed and talk about what had happened.

“Godammit! I wasn’t strong enough to avenge mom! I need to get stronger!”Tina yelled out while slamming her fist on the ground.

“That guy was so scary and strong I need to get stronger to beat him,”Mia weeper a little.

“He pulled a one-punch on me, I even heard Saitama's theme in my head when he punched me,” Carie whispered.

“Woah-woah calm down girls, listen you’ve been watching too much shonen anime you weebs, while staying in shape and pushing your limits is a must for heroes, you can’t always with with strength alone, you need strategy to win a fight! Figure out tactics to kill your enemies!”

“I suppose that makes sense,”

“In hindsight I should have told all this, so you know how you transform to get your magical girls, well you can push your limits and ascend like shonen anime, the thing with the aura flaring Tina did was her having her limit pushed, I’d say we should call that 2nd grade of the transformation and I’d bet that she needs to get a bigger aura, I’d call that 3rd grade, and if you push through 3rd grade you can get a new transformation where instead of having extreme auras, your clothing changes.”

“Hey I think I got that 2nd grade thing!”

“Oh then good job toots,”

“But I don’t have anything like that”

“Then you’re completely outclassed for the time being, that’s why you were one-punched,”

Carie’s face became sollum as she realized she was a weak link.Kitsa started to continue.

“Now I’ll explain the pros and cons as well as differences of the grades and transformations, grades are a forced power output of your transformation, while transformations reset your power output, your power output is important because when you run out of power, you get weaker, when you use blasts, you use up power, imagine the power as an armor that can get chipped away, use your weapons k punch them, or use smaller blasts to chip away at your enemies power, then fuck them up with your strongest blasts would be by advice to winning a fight extremely straightforwardly, but try to come up with attacks that help a strategy in fights,”

“Uwah those paragraphs are too long! People aren’t going to read them!”

“Really sorry for all this exposition, but we just gotta finish two more paragraphs from Kitsa,”

“And so the meaning of life is- wait wait wrong notecard,” Kitsa began shuffling his notes. “Ah here it is! The key to getting these grades and transformations is a combination of training, anger, and/or becoming one with your thing, you know love, knowledge and war,”

“Oh I remember! I was getting really into the battle despite the fact that I was losing and suddenly I just powered up like that!”

“And I was really pissed-

“Figuratively or literally? Cause that’s an important question in regards to you”

“Shut up heifer! And then I powered up when I got really angry against that robot,”

“Exactly! So Carie, if you want to unlock your grade 2 either get really angry or do something smart,”

“One more thing Kitsa! If anger can cause the grades and transformations, why didn’t I get that when I saw mom die? I’m extremely pissed off!

“If you don’t have your new power completely under control from your last grade input, then your body would be ripped apart upon the new power input, you’d have to train sufficiently enough and then get angry at another thing for it to happen,”

“Ok I got all that written down,” Carie said since she really needed that 2nd grade power.

“Alright but all of you should go rest at home, it’s been a long day,”

“What about the enemies?”

“What? You might of lost girly, but you were like bunker hill, you lost, but you caused more casualties! Now go home, Mia maybe get into a fight as homework, Carie make a PowerPoint, and Tina uh get laid I don’t know stop grilling me!”

$iframe allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" height="270" src="//www.omorashi.org/applications/core/interface/js/spacer.png" width="480" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7TuxFKJAoYM?feature=oembed"

Carie was sitting in her house at around midnight, making a PowerPoint to see if it helps her any.

“Maybe if I transform, I’ll have the jumpstart right in my room,” she thought to herself.

“BY THE POWER OF KNOWLEDGE AND ALL THAT IS GOOD I CALL UPON MY POWER!”

Carie started spinning around while surrounded by her purple aura, rubbing herself sensually as she changed into a sluttier outfit. When she was done she became ODA, guardian of knowledge.

“Christ Carie stop yelling In the middle of the night or I’ll beat you with a crocodile!” Her dad yelled at her from down the hall.

Oda sat down and prepared to power the shit out of that point.

“And so with the Fertile Crescent providing food by farming,the Sumerians made up the first- Oda stopped typing to sip her Diet Dr.Pappar.-civilization in Southern Mesopotamia,”

An hour passed and she was still up trying to gain brownie points from me.

“This system of land for services to a higher command is called feudalism,”

She continued to work on her PowerPoint only occasionally squeezing her thighs together.Now this girl right here is very committed to succeeding in life so she blocks out everything when she’s in smart person mode

*smiles* and we all know what that means.

“And finally with this I’ve gotten to the end of history as of

“October 22 12:13 pm pacific standard time is what time it as as of making this sentence, but it’s like 2:am for Oda”

“Shut up and let me sleep god! We can deal with my anger plot point when I’m not sleeping!”

“I wasn’t talking to you, this is Oda’s chapter!”

Really I should get back to the story. After Oda had finished making a detailed PowerPoint of the history of mankind, she found herself overhyped from the soda.

She looked out the open window and got a feeling of importance. She decided to head out the open window and see what she can see.

Oda leaped gracefully, like a leaf in the wind, allowing herself to be taken wherever. The Magical girl stood on top of the skyscrapers of the city next to her. Upon the towering skyscrapers she saw lights of the world lit up as though heaven was a place in Earth.

As she leaped through the city she realized it was dumb to not have used her facilities before leaving and resolved to finding somewhere to go in this unsleeping city.

Her powers of ignoring her bladder only really work with things that don’t exert yourself, like studying, not leaping skyscrapers.

She gracefully floated down to the sidewalks of the city, unnoticed by the bustle of ants that was the business people. Some noticed her in their peripheral and muttered “fucking weeb,” at the sight of her outfit but that was it.

She bunched up her skirt as she looked for as a place to pass her water. She looked around at the lively city and sighed as she realized finding relief would be harder than expected.

She pace-walked her way through the city trying to find a good bathroom place. She started to shuffle as the full gravity of the situation hit her.

“What is it with this situation and needing to pee so much?” She growled through her teeth. I of course know the answer, divine intervention.

For several minutes she tried place after place, looking for some solitary company in a bathroom. Restaurants wanted her to buy something, all the public bathrooms she saw were closed thanks to divine intervention, and the alleys were filled with hookers and rapists.

Each time she was denied she leaked, and with all

This leaking she was getting wet. Nervous sweat ran down her brow, she jammed into her crotch, she sat on her heel, it wasn’t helping much.

Now more people were looking at her strange attire and her desperate state, it wasn’t helping her concentration.

Finally in front of yet another closed bathroom she broke into a cry as her damn broke…

HERES THE PORN YA SCALLYWAGS

She lifted up her skirt slightly so her skirt wouldn’t be ruined. Hot piss rushed out of this poor girl soaking her panties like a flash flood, and running down her legs like waterfalls.

It puddled at her shoes and made her socks soppy. The city citizens who were looking at her saw everything; which only added to Oda’s embarrassing spectacle.

If she looked at her panties she would have seen a huge spot from her magic piddle at the crotch.

HEY HEADS UP THERES NO WETTING FOR THE REST OF THIS CHAPTER SO IF YOURE NOT IN IT FOR THE PLOT IVE WARNED YOU

Oda squeezes her eyes shut as she expected to hear remarks about what she’s down from the city peoples.

Instead she heard…. screaming?

She opened her eyes to see a couple of monsters wrecking shit. One had a greaser jacket and a pompadour, the other was wearing a button up shirt.

“Alright Phil what should o do next for the most destruction!” The pompadour one said.

“Well Daley destroy the foundation and a building will fall,” said the button up.

“Alright!” Said Daley, who blasted a hole through the buildings bottom, causing it to fall to the ground, killing a couple thousand people.

“Hey!!!”

The monsters looked to see Oda standing there, head high up, legs soaked in urine.

The monsters bursted out laughing. “Daley! I think this is one of those annoying girls who attacked master Wareria!”

Daley stopped laughing” You’re right Phil, and it’s the one who was one-punched!” They continued laughing.

“Wait Daley! If she’s all alone we can take her, and kill her! Aed herself may reward us!”

“Aed! That must be the name of one of Waretia’s superiors!” Oda thought to herself.

“Ok shitheads if you’re done laughing let me kill you already,”

“Feisty girl! You won’t be talking trash when we do the thing!” Said Daley.

“The thing where we fuse!” Phil yelled.

Daley proceeds to jump on Phil’s shoulders as a huge flash erupted from them. A lighting bolt hit them and left there was a gremlin like creature with a button up shirt and a pompadour.

Oda fires several blasts at the gremlin fusion and ho simply swatted it away. She brought out her shield and blocked a hammer hit, which pushed her back several yards.

“Mindbeam!” Oda fired her laser at the gremlin, who simply ate it. Like literally ate it.

“ I am a creature formed from brains and brawn! You can’t beat me! Puny girl.’

He the fired the laser back at her from his own stomach and when she went to the left to dodge he punched her gut.

“Seriously you must be an idiot! Gahahaha!”

Hearing this, Oda realized she was being an idiot.

“I’m not the guardian of brute force! I’m the guardian OF KNOWLEDGE!”

“The pain of knowledge!” Oda’s several mini lasers did nothing but cast a smoke cloud over the fusion.

“Ha that did nothing! Wait where’d you go-

“Wisdom flash!” She yelled as the flash blinded the fusion.

Throughout the battle she kept utilizing clever tactics to gain an edge.

Oda fired the mindlaser at the ground, causing a small hole for the fusion to trip in.

She then grabbed a piece of metal from a car, heating it as she ran towards the downed fusion.

“Let’s see what you can do without your eyes!” She hammed the heated metal into his right eye. He got up and grabbed her to pull her out but she kept hanging in while driving the metal in his eye.

“Let go! Let go!”

“No…. I…. wooont!” Oda exploded foreword, completely going through the creatures eye socket.

“Grah gur gah!” The fusion mood there’d with a hole in his head as he diffused into a living gremlin and a dead one.

“Oh god how did this happen!” Phil yelled. “I’ll get you for this,TACTICAL SMOKESCREEN!” Phil disappeared behind a wall of smoke.

Meanwhile Oda was enticed by her new power. She stared herself from top to bottom, cloaked in an extreme purple aura.

“This power is amazing, but I can’t forget the tactics that brought me here in the first place! I better just go home, I’m really wet,”

And so Oda, guardian of knowledge, went home to get a good night's rest.

End of chapter 5

Authors note……. Well I find that one genuinely charming. I also tried to do epic similes in a couple lines to add to atmosphere. Even if I was late, I still enjoy how it came out.

“I’m still mad at you you know,”

Yeah we’ll wrap up that plot point eventually.

Anyways please leave comments as well as criticism or ideas down below. I thank you for reading.

Love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

*013*2018-10-28 08:14

Authors note…. Damn I need to stop procrastinating. It’s 12:37 am on Saturday and all I’ve done is the authors note.

“You must have motivation issues,”

I procrastinate and usually get stuff done then I see it as proof procrastination works and then ah my head hurts.

Chapter 6 Skool dais

A dark fog covered the area, a heavy feeling pressed on her lungs. She saw 4 figures in the dark, eyes glowing red like demons. One slender, another fat, two average.

The average one with short hair disappeared and reappeared in front of her, he made a movement too quick to see and suddenly she fell down. On the ground she felt wet from what seemed to be her blood. The slender one and the fat started laughing as the area around grew black. The average long haired one started moaning as well for some reason.

Tina woke up at 6:30 in a cold sweat… and pee, yeah she wet the bed. The back of her panties were completely soaked and the smell of cold pee was all in her room.

“Dammit god, why do you do this to me? Asshole,” she muttered, still lightly asleep.

“Wake up it’s time for school! Ding-a-ling-ling!”

“What really? I need to wash this be-

“I’ll do it for ya just throw some new panties and the rest of your clothes on and go to school!”

“Why are you so excited today?” She said eyes half closed as she threw on some clothes.

“It’s time for the love interest,”

“Gary?”

“No George HW Bush, Yes Gary! I wanted to make up for killing your mom by having Gary be in this chapter in his regular form.”

“Really? Well I can never forgive you for killing off my mom but if all goes well I’ll stop being hostile, unless some other big scene where you wrong me again happens,”

*Muttering to just the audience* “There’s gonna be so much more, I seem to be taking a more Madoka approach to the Magical girl thing. Not that I think I can do better than Madoka of course.”

As Tina ran downstairs she saw her dad, dressed in a suit and tie, heading for work.

“How’s my beautiful daughter today?” Dick said as he ruffled his daughter’s hair.

“Apart from mom dying I’m a-ok!” She said cheerfully.

“That’s great!” He said equally cheerfully. “Oh I forgot my briefcase!” Dick started running to his room.

“That’s weird dad was holding his briefcase, oh well,”

She then put some toast in her mouth, got into a running stance, and shot out the door to school.

As Dick peeked out his door he sighed at seeing Tina gone. Now he knew he was still holding his briefcase, he actually didn’t have to work that day. What he was actually going to do will he explained in this flashback.

*flashback time woooooo*

“Is your daughter a Magical girl?” The tv screen blurted out.

“Huh?”

“You see Magical girls are dangerous, and while if your daughter is a Magical girl she might not stop even if you do know, but it’s still good to be in the knowing. If something major has happened, such as your wife dying, then fathers your daughter may be a Magical girl. If she has at least one friend who’s natural hair isn’t a natural hair color, then she’s a magical girl, if she randomly disappears at night, she’s definitely a Magical girl,”

“Oh 3 out of 3,” He said after he checked to see Tina was gone from her room.

“Most Magical girls have a familiar, a creature tasked with giving them info and starting the Magical girling, they usually look like pets or stuffed animals. If your daughter has recently gotten a stray pet or a weird stuffed animal, put the pet in a confined space long enough listening to Celine Dion and it will crack. If it’s the latter, throw it in the washing machine a couple of times and it will tell you everything,”

*flashback ends woooooooh*

“Alright fucker it’s time for a wash,” Dick growled at Kitsa, who was sweating in fear.

Meanwhile Tina was racing to get to school, toast in mouth.

“Tina Tina hey!”

Tina turned around to see her friends racing after her with toast in their mouths.

“Tina I unlocked grade 2 last night while fighting a monster on my own!” Carie said excitedly.

“Cool,” she replied since she knows basically everything that I’ve typed down with a couple exceptions.

They walked to the school when Tina got a weird feeling. She looked around and BAM! She saw Gary get hit by a car.

“Ah motherfucking cars!” He said miraculously unharmed.

But then he saw BAM! He got hit by a car again.

“I should stop standing in the middle of the road,” He proceeded to walk past Tina, his oxytocin stopped in its tracks thank to terrible drivers.

An hour later Tina was sitting in home etc class wondering how she could, or I would (god the self awareness thing is confusing) have her get Gary.

As she pondered this her teacher, Jennifer Kcidakcus was doing the worlds worst job of teaching home etc. All she really did was sensually touch herself while eating phallic shaped foods. God entertainment for the guys, a good chance for the girls to gossip about Julie’s shoes.

“I don’t know why you’re asking me for help noticing a guy, nobody notices me- oh Julie totes has the ugliest shoes Eva! She then paused as everyone sipped their pumpkin spice lattes like they were my laundry settings, highly white.

“Mia every athletic guy in this school grovels at your feet- oh Julie’s shoes make me wanna so tell that cumdumpster to just fuck off!”

Now this is true as every guy in everything considered a sport in the school was obsessed with her extremely yandere-like.

The football team would bake her sweets

The baseball team would replace her homework with theirs so she would get good grades.

The basketball team cleaned her house every Tuesday

The golf team stole her underwear

The chess team threw themselves in front of her feet whenever she would be about to walk into a puddle

Yet she was blissfully unaware of all these things. Actually if one of them moaned up and asked her out she would be theirs forever really.

“Oooh does someone have a senpai that won’t notice them?”

“I smell a pedophile,”

Tina turned around to see the human hourglass in front of her.

“Well sweetie, use the powers of seduction, show him what he wants,”Jenny then walked to her desk, sat on it and spread her legs showing off her-

*skip to 1:40 for maximum enjoyment*

%https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kLp_Hh6DKWc

9/10ths of the guys and 1/8th of the girls suddenly started to bleed uncontrollably from their noses.

“God that’s worthy of an Owen Wilson wow,”

%https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KlLMlJ2tDkg

“Ask and ye shall receiveth,”

After class ended Tina decided to a downscaled version of the *ahem* spectacle of home etc.

She saw Gary walking down the halls and started walking in front of him. Then she enacted her plan.

“Oh no I’m tripping!” She said with terrible acting. “I hope no handsome guys whose name start with G and rhyme with marry see my pink panties! That would be horrible!” She then fell on her face while flipping up her skirt to flash Gary to get senpai to notice her.

“Y'know, there can be too much of a good thing. I'm beginning to think the girls at this school have brain damage or something, the way they keep falling over to show their panties,”He said with a hint of smugness.

“Huh?”

“You must have taken advice from Ms. Kcidakcus, showing off your panties to gain the attraction of a guy?

Tina blushed “Well,”

“Look there’s another girl doing the same thing you did, but stupider!”

“Oh no I’m blowing leaves with a miniskirt on! I hope Bobby doesn’t see me expose myself!”

“Here let’s walk to the fountain,” He held out his hand. All she had to do was take it.

*Do it! Just say yes!”

Time for the moment of truth for her to say-

“Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm,”

Seriously what the fuck is wrong with these people and being unable to say what I tell them to say.

“You wanna rephrase that?”

“Yes I’ll go with you,”

“Alright,”

They walked down the path to the fountain while they pointed little stuff out, cherry blossoms blooming in the wind.

As they got to the fountain, Tina decided to ask Gary whether he recognized her from last night and about his status as a Magical boy.

“Gary…. Did you hear about that stuff last night at downtown Vilcitown?

“Yeah how come you ask?”

“Did you see any lewdly dressed girls fighting the monsters or a man with a spear,”

“That’s ridiculous! Did you hit your head too hard flashing me?”

Tina decided to just up and transform in front of him so the conversation would go somewhere.

“By the power of love and all that is good I call upon my power!”

Naked girls, clothing, sensual rubbing etc.

She struck a pose and Gary was stunned.

“T-Tina!”

“No in this form I’m Era, Guardian of love!”

“That can’t be, I’m the guardian of love,”

“I’m sorry what?”

“By the power of love and all that is good I call upon my power!”

Gary was surrounded by a green aura as he got naked and new clothes appeared on him. He was now wearing a butler suit, in contrast to Era’s maid suit.

“In this form I’m guardian of love, Cupa!”

“But god said-

“You talked directly to him? I was only told stuff by a dog!”

“I’m not sure what’s going on,” Era tried to step closer to Cupa but their auras created a spark of electricity between them.

This spark only seemed to fuel a weird feeling she was having, as was Cupa.

They pushed closer together, and found themselves kissing under the cherry blossoms by the fountain.

The kiss was sweet, but Era thought it was all too fast. Like Romeo and Juliet who had a similarly fast relationship and ended up dying.

She pushed from Gary and ran away, leaving him to wonder what he did wrong.

“Wait up!” He yelled as he chased her.

End of chapter 6

Authors note I got the omo scene(the bed wetting) through really quickly in this. I just wanted to write something not too fetishey this time.

“But why’s she run away?”

How long was it until Gary kissed you.

“Out fifth date,”

Try to build off that.

Please leave comments as well as criticism or ideas down below. I thank you for reading.

Love Ghostblade(stay thirsty my friends)

