Prone to Leakage

Author: Guest

*000*2023-09-26 04:04

Almost Losing It On The Subway

Louise woke up the way she did every morning: with an urgently full bladder, overnight leakage having left enough moisture in her panties to stick them warmly against her pussy. She laid there for a while, not wanting to leave her cozy bed. Eventually, it became fruitless to toss and turn to ease her urinary discomfort. The discomfort was too intense. She kicked the blanket off and scooted to the edge of the bed, holding her crotch with the hand that wasn’t rubbing her eyes tiredly. She crossed her legs tightly and gyrated her hips around as she fed the fish on her nightstand. Then, with her hands between her thighs, she rushed to the bathroom.

Urine began to seep into her undies while she was still several steps away, bursting explosively the moment she pulled them down and sat on the toilet. As she pee’d hard, sighing with relief, she dried her underwear as best she could. Despite not being on her period, she grabbed a pad to protect what she could of her clothes throughout the day, plus a couple squares of toilet paper to sit in the crotch of her pants.

Later, Louise went to a coffee shop to do her homework. She drank a coffee in the first twenty minutes she was there, ending up spending another two hours at the table. Her bladder was pretty full by that point. She shifted in her seat a little as she chewed on her pencil in deep thought, anxious to be done with her homework so she could hurry up and piss. A tickle in her nose made her sneeze, squirting out a bit of pee into the toilet tissue in her panties. She picked up the pace, straining her nether regions and squishing her thighs together. As soon as she was finished, she hurriedly got her things together and rushed to the front.

“Can I get the code for the restroom?” she asked.

“Uh, it’s for customers only. Sorry,” replied the cashier.

“But I got one when I got here!”

“W-well, when you’re here for so long…” they glanced at their stern-looking manager within listening distance. “I can ring you up for another if you want?”

She sighed and pursed her lips. “N-no thanks,” she said, pressing her thighs together. She rushed out of there. If she hurried she might be able to make the next train home, avoiding the pee tax on the public toilets. She really had to go, but she was somewhat confident in her ability to hold it for at least a train ride.

The turnstile pressed against her belly as she went through and forced another hard spurt into her undies. She squeaked in discomfort, sticking her butt out and squeezing her crotch for a second. The pulsating urge to urinate was getting more serious with every leak she had. She made it to her gate just in time, without opportunity to use the facilities down there. As it took off, jostling the passengers (not to mention her urine swelled organ), she let out another dribbling stream of pee into her pants and wondered if she made the right choice. It had gotten exponentially harder to contain her liquid waste in the time it took to get over there. She hugged the pole, swaying and rubbing her legs together. Fiddling with her waistband, she even stepped around and bobbed up and down, her cheeks turning red with shame. It embarrassed her deeply, but there were moments of intense urgency when she really wouldn’t have been able to keep it in if she didn’t squirm.

Louise’s bladder was tight and full, pounding with urgency. As the train came to a stop, her body forced a long spurt out that saturated the crotch of her pants and dribbled down her thigh. “Nnngh!” she whined, pressing her legs together sheepishly. The damage had definitely become visible now. She wasted no time when the doors opened, making a mad dash through the crowds of people. She bumped into someone, making her pee a bit more. She called out an apology while she strained her muscles, begging her urethra to stop. She had to pee so bad.

Another dribble as she pushed through the turnstile. She was sweating, her desperation turning frantic. If she pissed her pants on the side of the road, she’d never recover. Walking into her roommate-filled apartment with soaked clothes is an experience she never wants to have. But as she walked hurriedly down the street, a drop or two leaking out of her every few moments, it was coming closer and closer to reality. She spotted her apartment building down the block and started running, hands on her inner thighs. She quickly stopped when the movement started forcing out spurts with every step, a dark patch growing rather obviously from her crotch to her bottom. Her eyes welled up with tears from the discomfort and humiliation.

The first few stairs went okay. The next few had her urinating, making her stop in her tracks and lean against the railing to steel herself. “Oooh…” she groaned miserably, tears falling down her cheeks as her urethra stung and her screaming bladder contracted intensely. She could feel the warmth of her growing accident all the way to her butt. She wiped her face and proceeded carefully. By the time she reached her door, her legs were like jelly, trembling terribly beneath her.

She rushed inside and made a beeline to the bathroom. “Hey, Louise!” her roommate greeted.

“Hey!” she choked, pee starting to seep out. She burst into the bathroom and barely had time to shut the door before she started seriously leaking on herself again. The dark patch turned huge as she struggled with her button. “P-please!” she begged, twisting up like a pretzel, her hands trembling. The darkness started to streak down her inner legs. She tore her pants down to her thighs just enough to sit down and explode. “Ahh- hahh-“ she bit her lip, closing her eyes as her bladder pain receded and was replaced with body trembling euphoria.

The weird thing was, she felt wet warmth seeping through the fabric against her thighs. She gasped, her hard stream faltering as she frantically wriggled her khaki’s down and away from her spouting urine. She had completely soiled the butt of her pants. “Fuck…” she swore, still urinating powerfully.

“Hey, you okay?” someone knocked on the door.

“Y-yeah, fine! I just really had to go,” she chuckled casually.

“I thought you were crying! You scared me!” they laughed.

Her stream gradually fettered off. She didn’t even bother wiping. Now, it was time for an almost weekly routine. She cringed as she pulled her soaked pants back up, lukewarm fabric pressing against her body. She ran the shower and stepped under it, lifting her shirt up and letting the water rinse away the smell of urine. Then, she pulled them off, wrung them out, and left them on the towel rack to dry while she showered. When she was done, in only a towel, she took her damp clothes back to her room.

