Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Vados & Marcaritaэs Desperation

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2018-01-15 17:07

Since the Grand Priest has decided to shorten the Seating Stands to reduce space considering 2 Universes now remain, Vados & Marcarita have been sophisticatedly sassy each other until they felt the need to use the facilities...

Marcarita: Is something wrong Vados dear? Since Universe 6 is gone why do you want to cheer for Universe 7?

Vados: Well Marcarita if you must know I happen to know Universe 7 a bit more than usual which is why I find it so delightful to cheer for them. As for your other question, well I actually have been holding my bladder for quite a while.

Marcarita: Oh so you too? I Have been holding it as well ever since Universe 4 got erased.

[Both Vados & Marcarita are so desperate to use the facilities they hold their bladder discretely]

Whis: Sister, are you feeling okay?

Vados: *Nervously Talks* Of course Brother, why do you ask?

Krillin: Hey Whis before if we get erased next can you provide us some water?

Whis: Hmm? Oh sure *Water Bottles appear in Team Universe 7's hands magically*

Tien: Thank you, Whis.

Marcarita: Hmm uh *stares discretely at Team Universe 7* (Ooh that Little Bald one is making it harder for both me and Vados)

Vados: (Why didn't Krillin ask for something else? Just by looking at them drinking their water my bladder is building up more)

Android 18: *Finishes drinking her Water Bottle* Mmm that was refreshing

Vados: *Vados gets an idea* Excuse me 18 do you think I can have that empty Water Bottle?

Android 18: Oh sure (Let me guess you are gonna pee in it? I thought Angels were sophisticated)

Vados: (By the look in her eyes it seems she knows what I'm up to, no matter I'm so desperate) I'm going to the top corner on my left side, Marcarita will you care to join me?

Marcarita Oh sure (what is she up to?)

[Marcarita & Vados join together at the Top Left Side Corner]

Marcarita: Vados, why are we gonna--

Vados: *Starts peeing in Bottle quickly as possible while being discrete* Aw feels good

Marcarita: Vados why are you making me suffer?

Vados: *Stops peeing and closes bottle* Oh Marcarita come closer so I can tell you why *starts to touch Marcarita's sensitive area*

Marcarita: *whispers* Vados stop your gonna make me wet myself if you keep doing that

Vados: *whispers* That's the idea but trust me you'll love it *Gives a Tongue Kiss to Marcarita while continuing to touch her sensitive spot*

Marcarita: (This feels wrong yet so good) *Sensitive Spot gets moist*

Marcarita: *whispers* Vados I'm gonna pee, I'm gonna get wet, I'm going to-- eh ooh *Marcarita wets herself in relief & embarrassment*

Vados: *Urine spreads towards Vados* Oh my you weren't kidding that you had to go so badly *licks her fingers off from Marcarita's wetness*

Vados: Well let's get cleaned up in an instant

(Vados cleans up the area & Marcarita's clothes by using her Staff-Wand then the 2 Angels go back to their proper seating places)

Marcarita: (Oh Vados next time let's do it alone after this Tournament)

Whis: So I see you were having fun Sister?

Vados: Yes indeed, Brother. Yes indeed.

The battle continues when Vegeta finally attained a Power that is Beyond Super Saiyan Blue against Jiren...

