Accident at The Store

Author: Guest TobiasRobert

*000*2020-01-09 23:15

Will be posted on FA as well, this fic involves my furred dragon sona along with a second character.

Fanfic based off of this picture!

If I could, begin to be, half of what you think of me...

The alarm on Tobias’s phone went off in an attempt to wake him up, but the tired furred dragon pressed the snooze button on his phone, the furred dragon had been up pretty late playing video games, and he didn’t want to get up just yet, just five more minutes, he trusted himself not to fall back to sleep too quickly.

Except that trust seemed to be misplaced, the next time he woke him up was an hour later, his alarm went off again, Tobias looked at his phone, and became wide awake when he saw the time with his green eyes, he couldn’t believe he woke up an hour late.

As the red and white earthbender dragon dressed himself, he thought of how his friend would react to being late, he was supposed to meet his friend Esteban today, for he wanted to get some things with Tobias, he finished dressing himself, white robe, blue shirt, green pants and grey boxers, all done!

Tobias quickly poured himself a glass of orange juice and drank it, he left it in the sink to wash later, he didn’t have time to brush his short brown hair so he ran outside, locking the front door behind him.

He made it to the mall, it was then his bladder began to remind him he hadn’t emptied it since he left, before he could quickly find a bathroom and head back, he heard a gruff voice, “You were up late, weren’t you?”

Tobias quickly turned around, it was Esteban!

Esteban was a strong brown feathered firebender eagle with faded-sky blue eyes, his long maroon hair shone in the sunlight, the stern avian with the scar on his left cheek wore a blue hoodie with two pockets, a yellow t-shirt and a pair of camo pants, he had black leather fingerless gloves and a yellow beak and talons, though his talons only had two front claws and one back claw, that was a birth defect, or so he claimed.

“Y-yeah, sorry.” Tobias laughed nervously, Esteban sighed in annoyance, he looked at his watch.

“We have about half an hour until GameVille opens.” Esteban explained, “How about we eat something?”

Tobias nodded, Esteban could read Tobias like a book, sometimes Esteban thought he was the only sane person out of Tobias’s friends.

They entered The Store, which was a large mega-mall which hosted shops, cafés and various events, though Tobias was focused on finding a bathroom for his filling bladder, he looked on his ManaPhone and searched for cafés with bathrooms, opting to kill two birds with one stone, he decided to enter one called WokoWoko, as that had a bathroom.

They entered the restaurant, Tobias lined up for food while Esteban sat down, Tobias got out his phone from the inside of his robe in an attempt to pass the time, it was only two people, but he really wanted to take his mind off of his need right now.

When it was his turn, Tobias ordered his usual, cookies and a glass of cherry soda, he ordered Esteban a cheese sandwich and a glass of regular soda, he took the food to the table and sat down, Esteban looked at his food and gave a grimace of dissapointment.

“Next time I’m buying my own food.” the bird exhaled, though he still began to eat it.

“Then why didn’t you ask me what you wanted?” A confused Tobias argued.

“I did.” Esteban pointed out, a hint of anger in his voice, “Why weren’t you listening to me?”

Tobias cringed, “Sorry, I-”

“It’s okay.” Esteban assured him, “It’s tastes good.”

Tobias smiled, he wasn’t expecting a thank you, but he was happy things worked out, Tobias shifted a little in his seat, his bladder starting to be a bit too full for comfort, but he continued to distract himself, “So, what did you want to buy?” Tobias asked happily but strained.

“Controllers.” Esteban replied, “Autumn wants me to teach Tiangui how to play Advance Wars.”

Tobias perked up a bit, “I didn’t know you played Advance Wars!” Tobias smiled, “Do you want to lend me my Nvidia Shield?”

“I already have one.” Esteban finished his sandwich, “I just need new controllers, didn’t you already get me one?”

Tobias groaned nervously, he had finished his drink and shifted again, having to do this a bit more in order to stave off the pressure his strained bladder emitted, this time, Esteban took notice, he stared at Tobias, he raised one eye open and looked at him with that same stern expression.

“Maybe you should go to the bathroom.” Esteban pointed out, Tobias looked surprised, but shifted again, rubbing his legs together, the dragon exhaled through his nose.

“Go.” Esteban commanded, his voice sounded a bit more angry this time, Tobias stood up and hurried over to the bathroom.

He walked through the door, only to find the male bathroom unavailable, Tobias squeezed his legs, “Dammit!” Tobias cursed under his breath, he had to hope there was a bathroom on the way to GameVille or he’d be in trouble.

Tobias walked outside of the Café, he spotted Esteban on his ManaPhone, he spotted Tobias and put it away, “Were going to Coin Converter now.” he told Tobias as he turned around, “It opens in ten minutes.”

“T-ten minutes?” Tobias tried to stand normally, but he gently pressed his knees together, Esteban didn’t catch on this time, he assumed Tobias had gone to the bathroom. “Can’t we do something else?”

“Like what?” Esteban questioned, Tobias exhaled nervously again, though he kept a weak smile, he looked around and saw an otaku shop, EinoWaku, “There!” he pointed at it, Esteban facepalmed, “Fine.” he exhaled in annoyance, at least it was near GameVille.

Tobias anxiously looked around the shop, there was a lot of merchandise from various series, but there wasn’t anything that interested, he turned around and saw a staff bathroom, his overflowing bladder reacted accordingly and Tobias squeezed his legs together, slightly doubling over.

“Maybe they’ll let me in if I buy something.” Tobias thought, he grabbed the first and cheapest thing he saw, an anime figure of an arguing couple.”

Tobias stood in line, he couldn’t resist doing a small pee dance, he turned to Esteban, he was looking at his phone again, clearly he wasn’t interested in anything in this shop, Tobias looked at his phone, he had three minutes until GameVille opened.

When it was Tobias’s turn, he quickly handed the merchandise to the cashier, a fox in traditional uniform, “Can I use your bathroom?” Tobias asked desperately.

“Sorry, it’s staff only.” she apologized as she watched Tobias dance in place as he tried to fight against his tortured bladder, looking at her with his pleading eyes.

“Please, I don’t think I can-.” she put the merchandise in the bag.

“That’ll be 900 Arzu.” the fox replied, Tobias groaned, he scanned his money card was handed his merchandise in a bag.

“Thank you.” Tobias sighed, defeated, he walked back to Esteban, who put his phone away and saw Tobias dancing anxiously in front of him, Esteban exhaled and shook his head as he realised his situation.

“Bathroom was out of order.” Tobias explained as he crossed his legs. “There’s a bathroom in GameVille, right?”

Esteban said nothing, he shrugged and began the walked to GameVille, he clearly stopped caring at this point, and Tobias caught on.

He clearly wanted there to be a bathroom there, hopefully a working one, and he was glad that GameVille wasn’t too far away.

Too bad there wasn’t one, he walked into the shop and looked through the various games while searching around for a bathroom, meanwhile, Esteban found two cheap 360 controllers, he picked them up and began to walk to the checkout.

Tobias couldn’t find a bathroom, and all that searching was taking it’s toll on his swollen bladder, he grabbed his crotch and squirmed his hips desperately, panting, he then noticed a video game he wanted, he picked it up, holding it in the same hand as his shopping bags.

The dragon lined up behind Esteban, who visibly cringed, “Please don’t piss yourself here.” he whispered to Tobias, he was handed his two controllers and walked away.

Tobias walked up to the counter, there worked a nerdy slim skunk, who was clearly uncomfortable with the situation he was in.

“Hurry, please.” Tobias pleaded, his bladder was starting to give up as he handed over the game to the cashier, who quickly scanned the game, Tobias handed him his money card, he stood there, slightly doubled over and dancing frantically in place.

The skunk put the game cartridge in the case, and put it in a bag once the game was paid for, Tobias grabbed the bag and began to leave the store.

Tobias could feel the contents of his bladder slowly start to edge towards his penis, he stood outside the game shop, the pressure in his penis was building up, looking feverishly for a bathroom nearby he might have overlooked, there wasn’t one.

Tobias leaned forward, and pressed his legs together, and relaxed his tired muscles, piss immediately burst out of him, a hissing sound was emitted as a hot river of piss soaked through his pants, trickling down his legs in large amount, pooling underneath his feet, the right knee of his pants got so wet droplets dripped from it onto his foot.

Esteban didn’t pay attention until he heard the sound, he watched Tobias with an uncomfortable expression, on one hand he figured he should help him, since he was clearly embarrased, but on the other hand he should probably be on his way, since he had what he wanted.

Eventually, the stream died down along with the sound, when he stopped, he noticed Esteban’s uncomfortable expression, Tobias let go of his crotch, letting the last couple of spurts out before he stared at the bird, cringing at his situation.

“Sorry.” a guilty Tobias apologized, Esteban walked forward, taking care not to step in the puddle.

“We should get out of here.” Esteban suggested, “We can go to my place, I’ll wash your clothes and you can get in the shower.”

Tobias nodded, they quickly left the store, Tobias left some pee-prints on the floor as he walked away, but they soon stopped appearing.

They reached the exit of the stall when they were there before, “I can’t believe that happened.” Tobias sighed, he looked down at his wet pants, anyone he walked by either didn’t notice or stared curiously.

Esteban figured he would have to do something, “It’s okay.” He assured Tobias bluntly. “Everyone has accidents.”

“I know, it’s just...” Tobias thought for a second, realising he’d just say the same thing again, he gave a weak smile, and turned his head to Esteban, “Actually, never mind. I think I understand.”

“Just, try not to worry.” Esteban told him, Tobias nodded in understanding, for now he guessed he should clean himself first.


