Omorashi queen

Author: Geezer91

*000*2025-03-23 22:04

The velvet restraints felt soft against her skin, a luxurious contrast to the throbbing ache in her lower belly. She arched her back slightly, the leather of the chaise lounge cool against her bare spine. She’d been teasing him all evening, a playful dance of desire that had culminated in this—this exquisite torment.

He stood before her, a silhouette against the flickering candlelight. He wasn't looking at her face, but at the swelling curve of her bladder, visible beneath the cute black dress she put on. He hadn't touched her there, not yet, but his gaze was a caress of its own, heavy and knowing.

"You’ve been a good girl, haven't you my lovely?" his voice was a low rumble, laced with amusement.

She bit her lip, a blush warming her cheeks. She knew the game, the pleasure and panic it invoked. She'd deliberately drunk far more than she should have, each sip of water a calculated step toward this moment.

"Maybe," she whispered, her voice husky. "A little."

He moved closer, his fingers tracing a slow path up her thigh. The sensation was electric, a spark igniting the heat already simmering within her. “And what does my good girl need?” he murmured, his breath ghosting against her ear.

She squeezed her thighs together, her eyes fluttering closed. “A... a release,” she managed, her voice trembling. It wasn't just a release from the building pressure, but also a release from the control he held over her, a delicious surrender.

He chuckled, the sound sending shivers down her spine. "Yes, you do. But you forgot the most important part, didn't you? You need permission."

Her breath hitched. He was right. She needed it, craved it, this absolute dominion he held. He had the power to grant her relief, or deny it. And today, he was clearly choosing the latter.

"P-please, sir," she begged, hardly able to string words together, the urgency now a sharp, escalating pain.

He leaned in, his lips brushing her neck, a slow, tantalizing tease. "Beg harder beautiful. Tell me what you need."

The shame and excitement pulsed within her, a potent cocktail that both terrified and thrilled her. "I need… I need a wee!," she admitted, her voice barely a breath. The admission felt illicit, forbidden, and yet so, so satisfying.

He drew back, his eyes glinting in the light, his cock visibly growing before her. "And do you think you deserve to?"

The words were a deliberate provocation, a challenge she couldn’t resist. "No," she groaned, the denial a sharp, exhilarating sting. "Not unless you say so."

He smiled, a slow, predatory curve of his lips. “Then, you shall hold it. Until you're filled with my cum.”

Her muscles clenched, her hands gliding across her pussy as she plugs up her piss hole now unable to hide her desperation. He not only is aroused by her desperation and his control of it, but he revels in it. "let's go for a walk petal" he pulls her by her little chain on her choker "please sir, I'm dying for a wee! I don't think I can hold it for a walk and everyone's gonna know I'm busting for a piss!" her slight panic in her voice and concern on her face while shifting from foot to foot, holding her pussy crossing her legs only drives him to pull her chain tight, stroke her throat to chin with 1 finger and point her face towards him and kiss her passionately and holding her pussy for me. "but you're such a good girl, won't you hold all that nice warm piss inside you for me?" he says stroking her now bulging bladder making her wince.

"Y-y-y yesss sir" she quivers, "thank you, now grab your coat" was the last thing said before the leave. She is now beside herself squirming, wriggling dancing, doing all that she can to hold all this wee inside her, her face is red from her blushing as everyone who latches eyes on her know her predicament, she can't hide it. She's drank far too much and got cocky now she's full to the brim and absolutely dying for a wee, she can't help but beg. "sir, please sir! I really need a wee, I'm gonna wee myself please can I go? I'm fucking busting!" she's frantic now as the panic sets in, he pulls her close and grabs her throat seductively with a hand up her dress pulling her panties down. Forcing her up a tree he brings her down to a squat position and smirks." thank you sir you don't understand how badly I need a wee! Mmm finally!"

"now hold up princess, I didn't say you could go, what did I say about needing my permission hmm? I want you to keep holding it for me, you're still my good girl, aren't you"

He looks around the park for anyone watching and gets the green light to spread her legs, open her pussy wide and stimulate her throbbing clit as she clings on to all that wee she's harbouring for dear life. "sir you can't do this to me, you know I'm gonna explode!" but she can't contain her excitement as a crass smile beams across her face as she feels a wave of pleasure amidst the chaotic pain and pressure of all that steamy piss she's gagging to release.

"tell you what, I'll make you a deal, make me cum with your mouth, and I may let you go" unable to refuse she gets to work on that rock hard cock. He smirks knowing it'll be the best blowjob he's ever had, getting sucked off by someone so desperate to make you cum on levels beyond comprehension. Well played! She's going crazy on that dick with 1 hand firmly shoved between her legs, he also purposely made sure she was in a squat position to add to her despair, exquisite torture in it's finest form. 

The view of her on the verge of pissing herself works in her favour as it's so fucking sexy he couldn't contain his cum and sends an army of kids down her throat. "please can I wee sir, I need to wee now I'm leaking please!" she's been a good girl and well, there's always next time to have more fun so why not. "alright beaut, you can go for a piss, I want to watch" as she got ready to release he wrapped his arms around her and spread her pussy for her while kissing her neck and nibbling her ear enjoying the huge torrent of piss blasting out of her exhausted pussy, it's stunning, and it's always good to make sure she was well hydrated and truly desperate. The level of love and admiration that she'd hold all of that for so long for his pleasure lights his eyes up, his good girl is going to be really well looked after for that, such a good girl gets what she wants.

Never wrote before so I'm aware it's probably not great. But this is what goes through my head! Hope you enjoy 🙂

*003*2025-04-01 04:16

Thanks a lot, I'll see about writing some more stuff then. I've got a few rough ideas I could run with.

