Ayla and Harriet: Locked in

Author: GadgetCereal

*005*2019-11-20 19:00

Epilogue

Late on a cold winter's night, a forest Kniv flew quickly through the halls of Victoria, flying as fast as her little wings could carry her. “Aaah… gotta tinkle!” She cried out as she zipped up the stairs leading to her Study.

Between her legs she felt the errant twitches of her little bud. She felt like she was carrying the weight of the world in her bladder. Every passing second was like a giant river being poured into her, filling up her teeny bladder until she felt fit to burst.

Since Nidley had promised her Master that she would refrain from doing anything dirty out in public, she was forced to hold her bladder, swimming with a human-sized glass of juice, until she was back in the privacy of her bedchamber.

That meant no going into a nearby alley, hiking up her long white dress and making a tiny puddle in the comfort of the stone and shadows, or ducking into the nearest bush on the streets to give it an untimely watering.

But Nidley couldn’t wait long enough to make it to her bedchamber. Instead, she rushed on ahead of her Master and hoped that she could hold it in long enough to make it to her Study. There was a potted plant there - an Orientian bladebush, where she could do her dirty deed in peace.

Quickly she flew through the stone corridors. They felt never-ending. When she turned one corner, believing it to be her last another was waiting.

Finally, Nidley saw the large wooden door awaiting her. She’d made it to her study. And not a moment too soon, she could feel the weight of her water descending, her bladder pushing against her little rose.

She stomped down on the door handle, grimacing with each stomp as it rocked her whole body. Her bladder protested her reckless stamping, kicking against her painfully. “Just another second!” She cried, stomping harder on the door handle, trying and struggling to ignore the intense cries of pain from her bladder.

The handle clicked and Nidley let the wind carry the door open. “Ahh, about time.” She sighed, letting her resolve rest knowing that blissful relief was a moment away.

She rushed inside to her study, and to the pleasure of a private potted plant, ripe for watering. “Oooh, I’ve gotta tinkle so b- AHHH!” She screamed, the sudden fear almost tipping her overburdened bladder over the edge.

Her two apprentices, Ayla and Harriet, were sat at the table, their spellbooks and wands by their side.

Nidley bit down on her tongue, stifling her words. She had forgotten about her two Apprentices who had been in her Study all evening, preparing for their upcoming trial.

Hastily, which was near impossible with how desperate she grown, Nidley was forced to compose herself. As a Vice-Scholar, she had to look somewhat dignified in their presence.

Her bladder had too strong a hold on her fragile little frame. She struggled to hold herself as a wave of desperation washed over her. She tensed up, closing off her little bud, grimacing as she felt her anus tighten, and wiggled her butt under the secrecy of her long white dress.

Once the wave had settled, she spun around, placed her hands behind her back and straightened herself up, putting on a warm smile to distract from the shuffling of her thighs. “G-Good evening, Apprentices.” She said, hiding the quivering of her lips behind her fangs.

She noticed immediately that Ayla was no longer wearing a skirt, but instead she was now wearing a pair of dark brown trousers that finely fit her slender legs. “A-Ayla weren’t you wearing a skirt before?”

“N-No! I w-was w-wearing these all night!” The fiery-haired girl stammered, her cheeks growing a bright crimson.

Harriet said nothing, sitting in her seat and watching the little Kniv feebly make conversation. She could see it clearly, though Nidley was doing what she could to hide it.

The little shuffle of her thighs, the breathy, ragged words, the errant twitches as her fingers curled. It was obvious what Nidley was so desperate for.

And that was when she decided it was time for some fun. She leant forward in her seat, a smirk of sinister intent marking her face. “Are you okay, Nidley? You’re looking awfully fidgety.” She said with a tone dripping with feigned concern.

The Kniv was lost on how to respond to that question. She hadn’t expected either of them to notice she was fidgeting. “I-I’m fine.” She scrambled to find an excuse. “Just nice to be back home~”

The room fell silent and the air grew awkward with every passing second. “Well… you’re free to leave~” She dismissed the girls, keeping up a smile that was waning.

Beneath the feigned exterior of dignity and crumbling composure, Nidley was a mess. She was dying for a pee and with her only means of relief right in front of her eyes, she struggled to contain herself. She’d grown fidgety, her thighs clammy with sweat and her little rose quivering with anticipation.

She had to endure a mere minute more and then she could pull off her dress, rush beneath the bladebush and do her deed in the dry soil.

The sooner they left the better. The thoughts of sweet, watery relief pushed themselves to the front of her mind, teasing her bladder with images of steaming puddles and loud splatters. The thoughts made her lips curl and she tightened the grip on her bladder, struggling to quell the tremors.

Ayla got up from the table, gathered her things and wished goodnight to Nidley. “Let’s go, Harriet.” She called back to her friend as she approached the door.

Just a few more seconds. The plant was calling to her, and the shivers grew stronger as the thoughts rushed around in her head. Her little rose twitched at the thoughts of watering the bush.

However, Harriet had a different idea. Instead of gathering her things she pushed her chair closer to the table and with a grin stared straight at Nidley. “Go on ahead without me, Ayla.” She said. “There’s some reading I need to finish up on.”

“Y-You what?” Nidley moaned. She felt a sharp twinge from her bladder and the feeling was far from pleasant. It was as if somebody was driving a stick against her tummy, pushing it deeper. “There’s no need for that, Harriet. You should go get some rest.”

“It’s quite alright. It’s only right a great Apprentice makes the most of her time, right?”

Nidley held her tongue. “S-Sure.” She said, hiding her disappointment.

She couldn’t just shoo Harriet away. With the Guildhand trials only a week away, it was important they were practicing their spells when their time allowed them, and she feared what her Master would have to say if he discovered that she’d thrown them out of the study.

Ayla waved goodbye to them both and vanished off down the hall toward the bedchambers.

Harriet made herself comfortable and settled into her seat. She grabbed a flask from the table and unscrewed the lid slowly. The chamber filled with the aroma of fresh Earl Grey tea. “Would you like some tea, Nidley?” She offered, jiggling the flask.

Tea - that was the last thing Nidley wanted right now, though she was thinking about making something just as warm in the soil. “N-No thank you.” She shook her head. “I’ve had enough to drink tonight.”

She continued to twitch, her fingers clenching up into a fist as she felt her strength begin to wane, her body growing weaker. Holding it for so long was playing havoc on her thighs, and she couldn’t keep herself composed for much longer.

“I can see that.” The Apprentice muttered under her breath, hiding a devilish smirk behind the flask. “I hope you don’t mind if I pour myself some.”

Slowly, Harriet raised her cup to the tip of the flask and began to pour herself some tea.

The Kniv was forced to endure the sight, her skin crawling as she watched a hot steaming stream of tea fill the cup. It tinkled into the filling cup. Nidley chewed on her lip, fighting the urge to thrust a hand between her legs as she endured the quiet splattering of tea pouring.

Her eyes twitched, she raised a leg, trying to push it against herself to calm the feverish twinges of her little bud.

It looked… and sounded familiar to something she very much needed to do at that moment.

“Uuu…” Nidley moaned, gritting her teeth. She strained, pushing her body and forcing every ounce of strength she had to tense up the muscles between her legs.

She just had to hold it for a little while longer. Once Harriet was done reading that passage, she’d surely leave. That was what the Kniv kept telling herself.

Harriet sat with the cup in her hand, swilling the tea around, listening to the sounds it made. She remained quiet, letting the sounds fill the air.

Steaming tea sloshing around in a little cup.

Nidley cringed violently. Again she chewed on her lip, wincing and whimpering with every sound; they conjured up thoughts of squatting down in the soil of the nearby plant, getting herself down nice and low and making some of those sounds herself.

Harriet raised the cup to her lips and took a sip, slurping the tea noisily. Much to Nidley’s dismay. “Ahh~” She sighed, smacking her lips. “Did you have a nice evening, Nidley?” She asked, peering up from her book.

Her little rose quivered, straining to keep back the impending breach of her dam. “It was fun!” She replied, hiding her pain behind a smile.

The Apprentice returned her smile and took another sip of her tea. She sat back in her chair, savouring the taste. “That’s good. Where did you and Master Sidmere go?”

It was getting closer, she could feel a leak coming. Her Knivhood was clammy and her knickers clung to her with sweat. It was a gross feeling. “We went to the Gilded Pheasant for dinner.” She answered.

Harriet again sipped from her cup, this time she made Nidley wait as she took her time to swallow her tea. “I bet it was lovely.” She smiled sweetly. “Are you sure you don’t want some tea?” She asked again, putting her cup out toward Nidley and giving it a gentle shake.

That was it. Finally, Nidley couldn’t take any more of this teasing. Her muscles couldn’t hold for any longer. The sounds of hot tea splashing were too much for her tiny bulging bladder.

Like a drop of dew teetering over a leaf, she knew it was only a matter of time.

There was no choice, she’d have to go elsewhere. All she had to do was excuse herself and dash off toward her Bedchamber. That was the nearest place she could do her dirty deeds in private.

“Eh, Harriet.” She put on her kindest smile, drawing attention away from her tightly-crossed legs. “I’d love to stay and chat but there’s something I really need to do.”

“Oh, that’s a shame.” Harriet frowned. “Would you like a hand?”

“Oh no, not at all~”

“Are you sure? It’s not a problem.” She insisted, even going as far to stand up and make her way toward the door. “I’m more than happy to help with any-”

“I SAID IT’S FINE!” Nidley yelled, her face burning with frustration. It was only after she realized just how loud she’d been that she chuckled nervously. “Please get back to reading. I can handle it. I’ll be back shortly~”

Once Harriet returned to her seat she flew out of the Study and dashed off towards her bedchamber.

Flying was becoming too strenuous. Her body began to feel heavy and shortly after she dashed off her wings began to grow feeble as her bladder bulged, sending shudders of discomfort through her whole body.

Her Master’s bedchamber was only a minute walk from the Study, but even that felt far too long for the Kniv’s overburdened bladder. She flew through the door, moving as fast as she could, narrowly missing the bookshelf as her mind focused only on getting her to the lavatory dry.

She reached the lavatory door, a large wooden door in a brass frame. On the other side of it was her own patch of soil to relieve herself in. With both hands she pressed down on the handle, raising her butt up high. “Come on! Come on~” She moaned, pushing herself.

The door handle didn’t budge. It merely rattled as she pressed down against it with all of her might.

“No!” Nidley cried. “No! You can’t be jammed now!”

If she couldn’t get the door open it was all over. Where was she to go if not in her own lavatory? She’d never make it outside to do it in the grass. For now, even when she felt it was hopeless, when her body ravaged her with feverish shivers and a tightening pain around her waist, she continued to fight against her bladders will.

“It’s not jammed.” A voice behind her whispered coldly.

Fear ran through her, leaving her numb. Slowly, Nidley turned around and saw who stood behind her. It was Harriet, staring down at her and smiling devilishly. She glared at the Kniv, her smile growing as if she took pleasure in watching her fidget in desperation.

“W-What do you mean it’s not j-jammed?”

Harriet chucked.” I took a look at that stupid lock you put on the door. It’s just a simple riddle charm you infused with a lock. So I disenchanted it and placed the charm on the door to your private commode.”

“W-Why?” Nidley cried.

The Apprentice’s eyes burned in the light of the chambers lantern. “Because of you and that dumb lock, I couldn’t go to the privy earlier. I had to have a piss in a potted plant.” She leant down, her pudgy tummy peeking beneath her shirt as she got close to the Kniv’s face. “Now you can know what it’s like to be locked out from the lavatory.”

Nidley moaned. She landed on the handle and at last held herself. “O-Okay~ Lesson learned, now what’s the r-riddle!?” She begged.

“There is no riddle.” Harriet’s smirk grew larger, like the devil grinning. “It’ll only open when I speak the right words.”

The Kniv whimpered, grasping herself tightly, wrapping her legs around themselves and pressing her hands deeply between her clammy lower lips. A wave of desperation struck her and her whole body seized up, the only way to endure the torturous strain was to wrap herself up in a ball, pressing her knees against her chin. “Ooh~ F-Fine, I’ll have to go out of a window!”

She flew past Harriet and back to the door of her bedchamber, but as she pushed down on the handle, she found that it too wouldn’t budge.

“And there’s the regular lock.” Harriet said calmly, shrugging her shoulders.

The regular lock that the charm had been attached to was now hanging from the door leading back into the corridor.

Nidley couldn’t believe it. She whimpered, biting her lip and pressing her finger against her little rose, defying her bladders cry to empty itself in her knickers.

“So right now you’re trapped in here with me.” Harriet said with a sly giggle.

She wouldn’t let herself be teased and mocked by one of her Apprentices. She was a Vice-Scholar, a position of respect. She wouldn’t let a pudgy little Magi best her. “That’s what you think!” Nidley replied, sticking out her tongue.

If she had any energy she would’ve gleefully wiggled her little butt in Harriet’s face. “You forget I’m a Master Summoner~ I can easily manifest a key that fits this lock~”

Harriet didn’t seem bothered in the slightest. She looked at her fingernails and shrugged her shoulders calmly. “Then do it.” She said, smug smile still adorning her face.

“I’m going to!” Nidley yelled. She fluttered down beside the lock.

Manifesting a key to open such a simple lock came easily to her. But there was one problem - to create a key, she’d need to know what kind fit the lock, which meant using her magic to examine it.

With her current conundrum, her body wouldn’t handle the stress of using her magic, especially so intensely, without her leaving a warm, soggy patch in her knickers.

Once she summoned the key, she’d also have to endure the few seconds her body needed to keep the summon active. Even a few seconds would be more than her bladder could bear.

“Well what are you waiting for?” Harriet asked calmly, tapping the wall in rhythm to the passing seconds.

“Q-Quiet!” Nidley hissed, baring her fangs.

She gently placed her hand flat on the lock. The steel was cold, like touching ice. The sweat from her palms left a small imprint upon it. She took a deep breath and against the anguished cries between her legs, began to channel a sliver of magical energy toward her palm.

Her whole body grew warm as she felt the energy coursing through her.

As the energy surged through her body, she could already feel her strength dwindling. Her whole body went numb and suddenly it was as if she was too heavy for her own wings. It was like she was trying to lift a block of steel.

Her bladder couldn’t handle the stress from the magic. Every inch of her grew red hot and her body grew weaker. “I’ve got to push through it.” She whimpered, lips curling and teeth grinding.

She was shaking violently, sweat dripping from her forehead. Her cheeks were burning red like coal.

All she had to do was begin the manifestation within the lock, weaving the magical energy inside of the lockhole. If she could hold on out, the energy would take shape around the notches and a perfect key would be forged.

But that was easier said than done, even for a Master Illusionist. Just channeling even a drop of her magical energy proved to be a crushing burden on her bladder. Under such stress she was no more powerful than a novice.

Already she had stained her knickers with a small leak. Her growing weakness meant her body was desperate to relieve itself anyway, even with just a tiny dribble.

Against her bladders fierce cries, which were no longer cries but rather screams, Nidley pushed on, channeling the energy further and pushing herself. She could feel the illusion forming, like an artists brush against a canvas the image took form.

Two notches, a bump, and a notch, she could feel the form of the key taking shape. The bottom of the lock began to hum, resonating with a low level of magical energy.

“Just a little more…” Her bladder cried in anguish, bulging to the point of bursting.

But she had come too far now. Nidley pushed herself past her limit, channeling more energy to speed up the creation of the key. The pain began to intensify until it was unbearable and she was forced to press her clammy thighs together.

It was like a rope tied around her bladder, every drop of energy she applied slowly tightening, letting her feel her bladder’s bulge.

“A-Almost there…” She cried, and applied a final drop of magical energy.

But that proved to be more than she could handle. Suddenly, it all came undone. Another leak escaped, larger than the last. Her knickers grew damp, but with it came a delightful shudder of relief.

Nidley could feel herself breaking, her bladder couldn’t contain itself and she at last had reached her breaking point.

“Alright!” She screamed, pushing herself away from the door and letting all of her work fade in a faint purple glow. She landed on the table and immediately thrust both hands under her dress, pressing them against her wet Knivhood and fondling her rose. “I c-can’t do it! I really need to tinkle!” She cried.

“So you’re going to admit you can’t get that door open?” Harriet asked, leaning in and savouring the Kniv’s desperation with a smile.

“Y-Yes!” She continued to cry, crushing her hands between her thighs as she squeezed her legs together.

Harriet huffed and looked away from the Kniv, crossing her arms. “Yes wasn’t good enough for me. Let me hear you say it.”

Nidley whimpered. It was like her bladder had become as solid as stone. Her whole body had grown tight, tensing up in a last-ditch effort to keep her knickers dry in the face of this cruel Apprentice.

“Say it and I’ll let you go for a piss.” Harriet impatiently demanded.

“OKAY!” Nidley screamed, piercing the heavens. “I can’t get that door open! I tried and tried but I really have to tinkle! It’s almost impossible without wetting myself!” She fell on her knees before Harriet, anguish marking her face. “NOW LET ME USE THE LAVATORY!”

And with those words spoken, Harriet relinquished her sinister smile. She snickered and with a casual shrug of her shoulders strolled toward the lavatory door.

“There is no charm on the door.” She said smugly. “I made it up, that door’s wonky so I just needed to fiddle with it to make it stick.” She puffed out her chest, looking quite pleased with herself. “Of course I wasn’t going to let you piss yourself, you dummy.”

She struck the door with her elbow and it opened slowly, revealing the porcelain throne and more importantly for the little Kniv, her plant pot hanging from the ceiling. Her own little lavatory.

Nidley took in the glory of her lavatory, her eyes glimmering. It was a sight so glorious that even just looking caused her to leak. And that leak reminded her that she didn’t have time to gawk.

With haste, Nidley spread her wings and leapt up from the table. “T-Thank you~” She screamed as she zipped past Harriet. A trickle of leaking pee cascaded down her thighs and left a trail behind her as she flew.

The privacy of the pot awaited her, beckoning her to its earthy embrace. The dry soil that she landed atop welcomed her with a quiet crunch that begged to be moistened by her.

Knivs always felt comfortable relieving themselves among nature. Even a Kniv such as Nidley who had lived among humans for years still found comfort squatting between the trees and watering the earth beneath her feet.

Finally in the pot and sheltered among the leaves, Nidley let the thoughts of long-awaited relief push themselves to the front of her mind. Those sweet thoughts teased and taunted her bladder, the mental image of squatting over the soil was too much to bear for her.

Fear took hold of Nidley, turning her pale. She felt her spigot twitch, her inner walls contracting as something wet moistened her hands.

There was another spurt, larger than the last. It washed over her fingers, dribbling between the webbing and trickling down her palm.

She was too weak to even vanish her evening wear. She moaned, dancing atop the soft soil, fighting with her dress.

But that was the least of her worries. Another spurt leaked from her maidenhood and this time it didn’t stop. It kept going, one long running stream that she couldn’t hold back. This was it. A gentle sound of hissing seeped into the quiet air, and between her legs Nidley felt a growing wetness.

“Ah… Ah… Ah…” She cried, torn between fear and pleasant relief. The two feelings together created nothing but confusion for her.

A long white dress was not easy to remove, even with the hem pulled right up to her stomach. She had to wrestle with it to get it off, using only a single hand while keeping the other against her rose, letting her hand be doused in a flood of warm pee.

She hobbled up and down uncontrollably, flinging herself around in the struggle against her dress. She finally pulled it up and over herself, revealing her bare knickers and soaking thighs for any and all. “Ahh… I’m going in my underwear!” She cried, watching dribbles of pee dance down her bare thighs, gleaming in the lantern light.

“No! No! No!” She continued to cry, begging to whatever deity could hear her. “I still need a second!”

Her knickers were growing heavy under a lake of pee. Regardless of how hard she tried, she couldn’t stop the stream. The floodgates had opened and her white cotton frillies were paying the price.

“P-P-Please… just… another…” She moaned, her tongue trembling from the hot pleasure that shot up her back and through her body.

The relief was so good that Nidley trembled, feeling her legs turn to jelly.

With her free hand she grabbed the side of her knickers, grimacing as her fingers felt the warm embrace of the growing wet stain. She had no choice, she had to do this. With all of her strength, she pulled at her knickers and tore them off, shredding them from around her waist.

“Ooooh~” She moaned, feeling the pleasure of freedom from her soaked skivvies.

With her knickers torn off, her stream rained between her legs and down into the waiting soil beneath. The air resonated with a strong pattering as her water pierced the dry, cracked soil between her feet.

It must have been ten seconds since she had lost control. The only measure of time she had was how damp her knickers were.

“Aah~” Nidley moaned lewdly, feeling her cheeks grow warm. She watched her stream rain down without control, sputtering and pouring like a nozzle that had lost control.

The relief left her whole body feeling weak. Her legs were trembling and felt as soft as mush, she couldn’t keep herself standing. She straddled the trunk of a nearby fern, wrapping her arms around the bark to keep herself steady.

Instead of squatting down, she spread her legs, leant forward and raised her butt up high, letting her pee splatter behind her and douse the leaves of a bush that had been tickling her shins.

The air hissed with a crinkling sound as the leaves received an unexpected wash.

“Ooooh~” She continued to moan, wearing a dumb fang-baring grin.

With each passing second that she watered the bush, Nidley could feel her bladder growing lighter.

The earthy scent of soil grew warm and the scent of fresh piss permeated the air. Nidley lowered her head and gazed between her thighs, her eyes half open, and watched her thick stream splattering against the leaves behind her.

It was strangely pleasurable, watching her pee rain down from between her legs and strike leaves behind her. She sprayed the leaves with some force, causing them to bob. The leaves danced under the weight of her pee, rising only when her stream grew lighter.

A cold breeze fluttered through the plants, striking Nidley’s bare cheeks. She didn’t care. The rising from the heat of her pee was turning her blue cheeks red, as well as the splashback she created.

There was no telling how much time had passed. For what could’ve been a few seconds, a minute, even an hour, Nidley had stood there, bent over, wrapped in the embrace of a bushes stem as she gave the bush behind her a hot shower.

“Haaaa~” She moaned. The relief had been unlike anything she’d known. It was indescribably, a feeling of such intense ecstasy that were no words in either Human or Knivish to describe the feeling between her thighs.

Overwhelmed by the relief of an empty bladder, Nidley gave in to the weakness that had slowly filled her body. She slowly fell to the floor, squatting over the massive puddle she had created beneath her.

She was still going, a gentle trickle rained from her Knivhood, quietly tinkling into the steaming puddle she had produced.

“Hmmm~” She sighed, biting down on her lip.

She took a moment to regain her composure. The sheer bliss of unleashed her river had left her lightheaded. She pushed herself forward, raising her butt, and with a soft grunt pushed out the last few dribbles.

Beneath her the damp patch of soil continued to grow, soaking into the dry dusty soil. Nidley peered between her thighs, noticing not a patch but a puddle pooling above the soil. She chuckled coyly, watching the puddle grow, pooling around her feet. Fragments of dirt and bark swimming atop the yellow river, moving with the growing streaks.

She’d been holding so much that the soil struggled to soak it up faster than she was going.

“I think that might be a new record.” She mumbled to herself. It was impressive, and it wasn’t the first time she’d been surprised by how much her little bladder could hold.

At long last, after a grueling night of torturous strain on her teeny bladder, Nidley knew the sweet feeling of relief. She fluttered from the lavatory, stark naked and with a great big smile as she patted her belly where the tiny bulge of her bladder protruded.

At the end of the chamber, Harriet was waiting. She stood by the door, picking at her nails with her wand. In her hand she held something round and purple that she began to slowly spin with her fingers.

“Ooh!” Nidley immediately recognized what she was holding, and the sight of it made her little mouth quiver. “Plum!” She screamed like a delighted child, rushing toward Harriet with her arms outstretched.

“Yes, it’s a plum.” Harriet said with a kind smile. “It’s my way of saying sorry.” She rolled the plum in her hand one final time and chucked it toward Nidley.

The Kniv caught it and with small chirps of excitement she landed on the table and began gnawing at it, sinking her fangs into the skin and peeling it away. “All that tinkling made me hungry!” The taste was sweet and one she sorely missed these last few hours.

Harriet watched her eat the plum, watching her chomp and slurp between little chitters of excitement. “I just wanted to give you a taste of what I had to go through tonight because of that dumb lock-in idea you had.” She said apologetically, glancing down at her twiddling thumbs.

Maybe it was just anger that had gotten the better of her; frustration for what she had to go through because of Nidley’s half-witted idea.

“I suppose it was dumb of me, huh?” The little Kniv hung her head in shame, letting her bangs cover her face. “I didn’t think that maybe you two would have to tinkle.” Not once had such an intimate situation crossed her mind. She’d been so certain that her riddle lock would’ve posed no problems.

“So no more lock-ins?” Harriet asked, slowly revealing a second plum she had been keeping in her rucksack.

“No more lock-ins.” Nidley agreed.

And since that incident occurred there has been a private commode in Master Sidmere's privy, though Nidley often uses it to test the resolve of newer Apprentices.

The End

*013*2019-11-25 16:29

{{1 hour ago, Keywordauthor said:

Once again, your writing continues to astound me. Absolutely amazing. Do you think we’ll see a messing story anytime soon?

}}

Since you mentioned it, I've got one in the works right now.
