God, I Have To Pee

Author: Golgi

*000*2017-11-21 05:03

When I was little I thought rain was just god’s pee...

====

Athena resided in Mount Olympus. It was always bright and sunny up there. Not too long ago they won a war against the Titans and Athena was now free to enjoy being a goddess. She had not really known what life was like. Athena spent her days wandering Mount Olympus and she enjoyed it. Sometimes she would pop down and visit the humans. The weather was warm so no one really wore clothes.

Athena wasn’t sure what she would do today. Being a god and stuff must get pretty boring as immortality takes it toll on you. Athena began to wander the area. There were multiple buildings each, carefully built into wonders that most would pay to see. The white pillars were in good contrast to the bright sun and blue sky. There were birds too. Everywhere. It seemed like everything was perfectly constructed to please her.

After enjoying herself, she began to take a look around human civilization. Usually she was somewhere around 200 feet tall being a god an all, but she could morph into a human sized person shall, she feel the urge to linger with the mortals. Today she decided to visit one of her favorite places in mount olympus, a wine fountain.

Wine tasted to exquisite to her and she quite enjoyed chugging it down. She wasn’t sure where the wine came from, but she may aswell consume it. One thing that may sound weird is Athena’s love for feeling things. Her senses have only been given to her a few days ago and it intrigued her how different everything felt.

As she wondered the mountain, she came across something. It was Hera, Zeus’s wife. She didn’t look good though, she seemed to be squirming for whatever reason. The look of distress painted across her face. What could be wrong? This is olympus! Deciding to go find out what's wrong, Athena approached Hera.

“Excuse me? Is anything wrong?” Athena questioned

Hera snapped her head towards her. “I...I honestly don’t know, it just hurts. In my abdomen. I have absolutely no clue why.”

This was concerning to Athena. “What were doing doing prior to this?” Athena asked trying to find the cause of this disturbance.

“Oh I was just admiring the beauty of this place and drinking wine. Boy the wine tastes good.” Hera doubled over and grabber her crotch. “Well, Ima go lay down and see if that helps.” Leaving Athena to ponder the anomaly by herself.

Not too long later, Athena was walking in a garden near the edge of Olympus. Only this time, she felt more troubled. While the grapes she had eaten tasted just how she liked it, she felt pain. Not like how it felt to get cut, or break an arm. It felt different like she was going to explode. She rubbed her abdomen, which is where it felt weird. Athena really hoped that it wouldn’t always feel like this because that might make immortality a quite unpleasant thing. Unsure of what to do Athena laid down in the grass hoping that a quick nap would clear things up.

The second she woke up, she jammed her hand into her crotch not knowing why. The wine she drank had made it into her bladder unbeknownst to her. The pain had gotten so much worse and Athena simply didn’t know what to do. She began pacing back and forth thinking of a solution.

At this point her abdomen had expanded quite a bit leaving her with a swollen piss filled organ. She pressed on her abdomen, curious as what would happen. The second she applied pressure upon it however, she regretted everything. Her bladder pulsed and a shock of pain lapsed her body. God, this must have been how Hera felt, Athena thought. Trying to take her mind off things, she stood up and resumed her stroll in the garden, only this time her hand was glued to her bear crotch and every once in awhile she would give her thighs a squeeze.

After walking for a while she reached what she recognized as the edge of Olympus. Should she jump off, would lead her to the realm of mortals. The pressure in her abdominal region had really made it’s presence known at this point. Before she could register what she was doing, Athena sprinted towards the edge, spread her legs and watched as a torrent escaped her. The hot piss pent up inside of her was streaming out of her at fast speeds. Athena simultaneously tilted her head back and let out a strong moan. That day in Greece, there was lots of rain, lakes were filled, rivers flowed and islands were formed.

*006*2017-11-24 01:57

I'm glad you guys liked this, this was just a random idea that popped into my head. I'm really bad at updating stories, but I'm working on the second chapter, as well as another, longer story! It might take some time, but I'm make it happen.

