Airplane desperation

Author: gottagosobad

*000*2019-06-07 22:25

"Fuck," She said to herself. She was running very late for her plane and was starting to worry that she wouldn't make it through security in time.

Megan had gone for what was supposed to be a quick run before catching her plane back home but got lost on the way back. She was here only on business and wasn't super familiar with the area, but she hadn't had any problems before today. She cursed herself for not going back for her phone when she first realized she left it but there was nothing to be done about it for now. After an extra 30 minutes of running and asking a person on the street for directions, she finally found her way back. Megan got her things together as quickly as possible, not even stopping to change out of her sweaty clothes. Luckily it only took 5 minutes for the nearest Uber to get to her and she was on her way.

She got to the airport at 10 AM, leaving only 45 minutes before boarding. She started to become very nervous that she might miss her flight as she needed to attend an important meeting shortly after she arrived and was already feeling on shaky ground at her new job. Being nervous always made her feel a little bit like she needed to pee and Megan realized that she hadn't peed since she first got up and had two cups of coffee and copious amounts of water while running in the sun trickling down to her bladder.

She hoped she'd get a chance to stop at a bathroom before boarding the plane but going through security wasn't going very quickly. The minutes ticked by and soon her plane was only 10 minutes from boarding. Panic was starting to set in and she crossed her legs as she stood in line, trying to act normal but unable to stop grabbing her self discreetly every so often to hold back the wave. Finally it was her turn and she placed all her items on the conveyer belt to be xrayed and stepped through the scanner.

In the scanner there's two footprints painted on the floor to show you where to put your feet, and spreading her legs that wide proved uncomfortable. The feeling of liquid building up inside of her was becoming increasingly worse and Megan was running out of time. She stepped out of the scanner as instructed and couldn't help but cross her legs slightly, pressing her thighs together and then correcting herself. The scanner showed a picture highlighting an area on her thigh and her abdomen that needed to be searched by hand and the TSA agent instructed her to spread her legs and lift her arms. Megan fought the urge to cross her legs again, she always felt embarrassed about people showing she needed to pee or was peeing. She spread them as instructed and tightened her muscles, trying not to think about the stupid amount of liquid that was pressing more and more on her bladder.

The TSA agent searched her leg which was far too close to her pussy and tickled, and she prayed that she didn't start peeing while his fingers were there to feel it. He then moved to her abdomen and the pressure on her bladder, though gentle, was torture. He gave her a thumbs up and Megan rushed to collect her things, struggling to get her shoes back on and then picking them up and running as she realized that her plane was already boarding. She had planned to not try for a bathroom until she found her gate but it was becoming an emergency. She checked her watch and it was already boarding time, but boarding took awhile and there was still time until departure.

She followed the signs to the nearest bathroom, running as fast as she could with her luggage. The coffee and water she drank sloshed around in her body as she ran and a spurts of pee began to leak out as she got closer to the bathroom. She looked down at her light pink leggings and cringed at the idea of how visible it would be if she wet herself in them. She felt like she might start peeing as she went to open the bathroom door, and had to stop to cross her legs together as her body threatened to start peeing whether she liked it or not. Her ears burned as someone walked up behind her to enter the bathroom and she forced herself to uncross her legs and step inside, losing another spurt of pee into her leggings.

Megan's heart sank as she saw the line inside. Her hand shot between her legs immediately as she felt herself seconds from losing it. She considered asking to cut in line but saw that the women in front of her were also crossing their legs and tapping their feet. She couldn't bear the idea of asking to cut in line and being denied while everyone knew how much she needed to pee, and exited the bathroom in a rush. It was then that she heard it, her name being called over the intercom that her gate was closing. Her heart started racing. She always forgot that doors close awhile before departure. She pushed past the three people that had already lined up behind her as small spurts of pee continued to leak out. Her heart was beating fast and she felt like she might start crying. As she left the bathroom she saw two men that entered at the same time as her looking happy and relieved, and she resented them and their bathrooms that never had lines.

Megan ran again as fast as she could to her gate. She listened as the intercom came on announcing a last call for a Megan Schumer to make her flight. She saw the gate and started running faster, only losing a little pee in the process. The TSA agents seemed to regard her with judgment as she rushed up, sweating and flustered. She waited to hand over her boarding pass as the agent finished typing something into her computer and was forced to cross her legs as the feeling of desperation came back full force. The agent looked at her with a raised eyebrow, making Megan's cheeks burn red. She felt so embarrassed and wanted to uncross her legs but feared that would be even more embarrassing.

The TSA agent seemed to scan her boarding pass as slow as possible and Megan grew frustrated and hot. The feeling of pee inside her was excruciating now and her chance to at least pee before the plane took off was ticking away. Finally she was allowed through and rushed to board the plane. She struggled to get her bag into the overhead compartment, the effort of lifting it making it hard to hold her muscles. Once she finished she looked back toward the bathrooms and her heart leapt at the opportunity to finally relieve herself. She headed that way and grabbed for the door, her body seeming to start to pee preemptively at the knowledge of getting to pee so soon. She pulled on the door to find it locked, but it was too late.

She realized with horror that she was peeing. She crossed her legs and her hand shot between them, but the stream only became stronger. Megan moaned involuntarily as she began to relieve herself fully into her leggings, one hand still on the bathroom door handle. She blushed profusely as she heard herself and a few heads turned to look at her. They gawked with wide eyes as they realized what they were seeing and Megan continued to pee, the liquid completely drenching her inner thighs and ass, now dripping down to her shoes. The plane was completely silent and a hissing could be heard as her body let go entirely and more heads turned to see her.

Megan peed for what felt like forever and it felt like the humiliation would never end. Some people averted their gaze but most of the men kept staring, mortifying her. The bathroom door began to open and Megan stumbled out of the way, still completely peeing into her leggings and onto the airplane floor. Her embarrassment only increased tenfold as she realized the smell that was filling the cabin and now half of the plane was looking to see what was happening. The man exiting the bathroom stared at her as she finished peeing herself, the loud hissing turning into a small stream.

She tried to clean herself up in the bathroom but the smell of her urine filled the plane for the rest of the flight. Her embarrassment continued for another four hours as she sat in her wet leggings on the plane, leaving a dark spot on the seat.

