Experimenting with desperation (Male)

Author: GabbyR

*000*2017-06-12 05:09

Andy was bouncing up and down, watching the seconds on the clock tick by. His bladder was full to the brim with urine that desperately wanted to come out. He could feel the pee waiting at the tip of his erect cock, ready to soak his pants and spurt on to the floor.

Andy had recently discovered his desperation fetish after an accident he had walking home from the grocery store. He knew it was a mistake not to pee before he left, but of course he didn't listen. He was standing outside his house, gripping his cock desperately as he tried to climb up the steps to the door. It felt like his bladder was going to be ripped apart if he didn't release soon. The urine waiting to exit his body left his cock tingling with a feeling he never felt before. Andy was so close, but his bladder couldn't take it. A torrent of urine came gushing out of his hard cock and drenched his shorts, running down his legs and leaving a large puddle underneath him. He couldn't stop the stream, it felt so incredibly erotic that he just pulled his cock out from his shorts and watched the pee gush out from his pinkish swollen tip. Andy was dripping with urine, and he had a massive erection, but thankfully nobody saw what just happened.

This time, he didn't seem so lucky. In a crowded classroom, with a teacher who wouldn't let him be excused, he was mortified. At first Andy thought it would be exhilarating to be desperate in public, but he didn't intent to get this desperate. Though it felt incredible he didn't want to risk peeing himself infront of his classmates.

Andy sat at the back of the classroom so nobody could see his hand slip down to his crotch. He gave his hardening cock a relieving squeeze, but it only lasted a few seconds. The desperation had returned. His bladder, swollen and pressing against his pants was pleading to be released. He fought back groans that threatened to escape and looked up at the clock. Five more minutes and he could sprint into the woods to relieve himself.

Just the thought of release got him too excited and a tiny spurt of pee shot out of his cock. Andy realized and instantly tensed his muscles, cutting off the flow. His body began trembling as he fought hard the keep the urine inside of him. His damp underwear was just so arousing that his penis got even harder.

Andy had an obvious bludge in his loose pants, his cock was sticking right up for everyone to see. Thankfully nobody looked and nobody saw how badly he needed to pee.

Oh god, oh god, it's getting worse. I can't piss myself infornt of everyone.

Andy looked up at the clock. Yes! Just a few more seconds and school would be over. He started lifting his backpack onto his shoulders and stared at the door, waiting for the bell to ring.

"Remember you have a test in two days." The teacher announced as the bell rang. Andy didn't care, he darted out of the room as fast as he could. He quickly came to a halt because all that movement had upset his aching bladder. Andy jammed his hand down his pants and underwear and pressed against the opening of his urethra just in case urine was going to leak out. He could feel his penis tingling, needing to let it all out so bad. His hand pressed against his rock hard cock felt incredible, but if anyone caught him touching himself in the hallway he would get in big trouble.

Andy slowly walking out the door, careful not to jiggle his pulsating bladder and cock. God, he could feel that urine waiting at the brim of his penis, about to pour out any second. He exited the door, and saw the foliage of trees and shrubs as his shelter and personal toilet.

So close...

Suddenly, he felt a hot jet of pee hissing into his underwear. Shit! He was loosing control. Andy abruptly stopped in the middle of the sidewalk to tense his muscles and squeeze his cock in between his legs. He was shaking, barely holding on. A few more drips of pee dampened his underwear even more, leaving him breathless and urging him to walk faster.

With a sudden burst of energy, Andy took off into the woods, running through the defensive shield of thick trees that gave him privacy. He flung off his backpack and leaned against the tree not caring if his pants got soaked. His muscles relaxed and instantly a powerful stream of urine came rushing out of his throbbing penis. Andy moaned, leaning his head back as the pee squirted down his legs and drenched the forest floor. It took minutes for his release to die down. Andys pants and shoes were dripping wet, but he had another problem.

He eagerly yanked down his pants exposing his wet, erect penis. His head had turned purple, swelling slightly as it throbbed, begging to be touched. Andy moved his hand up and down, rubbing over the tip gently. It felt so good, his knees grew wobbly from the intense feeling. He moaned, throwing his head back and spreading his legs more as it grew stronger, spreading throughout his body.

He could feel a strong sensation building up in his gut. Andys breathing quickened as he jerked his hand faster over his cock, making the feeling more intense. He was getting close, he could feel his climax building up as he tended his muscles. His sticky cum spewed out from his penis like white ribbon. His body was engulfed with pure pleasure as he climaxed on the forest floor.

So this is my second story, I'm not that good yet but I hope you all enjoy. You vpcan expect a part two for this. ;)

