The omopipes - Page 2

Author: gianki007

*020*2020-04-17 01:04

Chapter 2! Hope you enjoy.

###

Chapter 2

It was evening when Manon arrived at the movie theater and met Annita at the parking lot. The mall was open, with plants every five feet and people strolling around enjoying their Saturday.

Manon was wearing her favorite skirt and a casual shirt and coat, while Annita wore the same, part of her long hair tied in a bun.

“So, what movie are we watching?” asked Annita.

“Just this animation about kids finding treasure in their sleepy hometown”

They walked into the low-light movie theater, and after they presented their tickets and got snacks, Manon stopped Annita.

“How about we play a game while we’re in the movies?”

“Um… Okay. What is it?”

“A holding challenge. Basically, we both go to the bathroom now, and we try to go the entire movie without peeing.”

“This is a fetish of yours, isn’t it.”

Quickly backtracking, Manon fumbled “What? No, I just thought…”

“Don’t worry, I’ve known for a while. You always perk up when someone mentions needing to pee, and I’m not judging. I’m sure everyone has their fetish.”

Manon shook her head. “It’s just, I’ve never had a person I told about it.”

“Never mind. But, how will we know the winner to your holding contest? What if we just peed and hid it well?”

“That’s easy. When we go to the bathroom, we’ll each put a bit of tissue paper in our panties, and to prove we didn’t pee, we show that it’s dry.”

So, they both went to their own bathroom stall and peed, wiping themselves. As they left the stalls, they both slid their panties down to show that the paper was there. They went into the movie theater, where the movie was starting. There wasn’t a lot of people, and Manon and Annita sat towards the back.

The movie was basically a reskin of the goonies, and an hour and a half in, both Manon and Annita were shifting their legs, and were restless. It probably didn’t help that they had emptied a cup of soda. So far, neither had leaked, but the temptation was never far from their mind. Manon had decided not to use the whistle on Annita on their first date. Even she was above cheating.

“So” started Annita, “what exactly turns you on about pee?”

“Well, it’s like an intimate moment. Like, you’re seeing that person when they’re vulnerable.”

“Huh. And, uh, I don’t want to try anything with you until a few more dates.”

Ten minutes later, Manon was even more restless. For all her love of urine, she wasn’t good at holding it.

“Starting to lose it.”

“Just do it. I can still hold on a while longer, so I’ll probably win.”

“Yeah, but… Oh!” Manon looked at her crotch. She had only squirted for a second before she regained control, but now she wanted to pee so badly. Screw it. Standing up, she started peeing forcefully through her panties onto the floor, going on for 20 seconds before petering out.

“You’re lucky there’s no one behind us. Uh… Now I have to wait till the movies over to piss.” She jabbed her hand into her crotch.

Despite starting to get horny, Manon suggested “Well, I’ve got to go change in the bathroom, so why don’t you pee in the cup, and I’ll throw it away for you.”

“Fine. Not like I have a choice.” Annita grabbed the cup, took off the top, and squatted over it, peeing. Luckily, it didn’t make a lot of noise. She noticed Manon staring at her mimsy and shooed her, embarrassed, Manon turned around; horny as ever.

Manon headed off to the bathroom, locked herself in a stall, and relished in the cup of pee she had obtained. A few minutes later of rubbing herself, she had orgasmed.

Annita noticed a thing in the seat next to her. It was the whistle that Manon always carried with her. She picked it up and blew into one part of it, puzzled when a sound didn’t come out. Blowing harder, still nothing came out.

Unknown to Annita, a few rows ahead a couple ahead had gotten supremely horny. At the first blow, the teen boy and girl started moving around, moving their hands unconsciously to their crotch. At the second, the girl sat on the boy’s lap, and the and girl couldn’t keep it in their pants; they jizzed silently together.

Afterwards, Manon and Annita walked home together.

*022*2020-04-20 02:05

It's honestly hard to believe I've written so much. Personally, I'm just glad I've been able to write a omo story. Enjoy.

###

Chapter 3

Sunday, day after the date

The doorbell rang.

“I’ll get it” Manon wondered who would be visiting her as. On the doorstep were two teenagers, the blonde girl who had orgasmed with Manon on Friday, and a brown-haired boy. They both looked a little apprehensive, but the boy smiled.

“Nice to meet you. You must be Manon?” Manon recovered from her surprise and responded.

“Uh… yeah. I, uh, never got your name”

“Sure, I’m Lily and this is my friend Dan.” They shook hands. “Can we come in?”

“Of course, come to my room.” Manon led them in and shouted to her aunt. “I’ve got some friends over”

She responded from her book on the couch. “Do you want me to make something?”

Lily smiled “No thanks Ms.”

“Alright, I’ll be working in the garden if you need anything.”

Heading into Manon’s room, Lily pointed out the whistle on Manon’s desk. Lily and Manon sat on the bed, while Dan sat on the rolling chair used for the desk.

“So, tell me more about yourselves. We didn’t talk much last time we were met” Manon blushed a little, remembering that crusade. “Actually, how did you find where I lived?”

Lily said ”I remember the direction you walked off to, and I asked a neighbor of yours for directions. But, as for us, me and Dan are here in Sweden on a field trip. I happened to be strolling through the park when we met. Here’s the thing. You see, there is something I wanted to ask you.”

Unsure of where the conversation was going, Manon responded: “What is it?”

Dan replied, “You have magic.” An accusation, not a question. Alert now, Manon thought of a fib.

“Magic? Nah… Me and Lily in the park, we were just playing around. Sure, we were horny, but aren’t all teens that way.”

“No. That’s just… No.” Dan twirled the whistle in his fingers. “This whistle is magic. Lily recognized it when she went from calm to moaning in less than a minute. We used to have a little thing called the omopipes, so that’s how we’re experts on this.”

Lily stopped smiling. “By the way, that was a real dick move in the park. I have a girlfriend”

Nervous now, Manon said “Well, alright maybe I used the whistle on people without asking, but, they all enjoyed it. And, what about you guys and this… Omopipe? You’re telling me that you never used it?”

While Lily blushed slightly, Dan calmly responded “Of course we did, but never like you. Let’s see… Me and Amy used it sparingly to test it, then I used it to set up Amy and Lily, and fend off a haunted house creep.”

Manon blinked. “That sounds like a lot.”

Lily said “Before we go further, can we test out the whistle?”

“Sure. Let’s try it on Anouk. My aunt.”

*024*2020-04-20 15:12

{{11 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fabulous chapter

}}

Always the first to compliment and give encouragement. The omorashi community salutes you, Melificientfan

*025*2020-04-23 01:28

Chapter 4

Lily and Dan glanced at each other.

Lily said, “Well, okay. So, I’m guessing that one end of the whistle is for omo and the other for sex?”

Puzzled, Manon asked “Omo? Is that, like, pee?”

“Omorashi is the name that people use sometimes for pee kinks. Anyway, how about I try the whistle?”

The three walked out to the living room, where they could see Anouk in the garden through a window. Dan handed the whistle to Lily, who looked at Manon.

“If I blow, won’t see come inside to pee or go to her bed to orgasm?”

Manon replied, “Nah. I’ve seen her water the flowers sometimes when she thought she was alone.”

“Well, this is a little combo I learned from you”

As Lily worked her (literal) magic, Anouk began to need to pee. Seeing as she hadn’t watered the flowers yet, she opened her jean’s zipper and slid them down, surprised to find that her need had gone up so much that she had spurted into her panties. Now constantly peeing, she peed straight into the flowers for a minute, due to being magically replenished.

Keep in mind that this is all being watched. Before she got up again from her squat, she noticed a certain warmth around her mimsy (just for the record, I find that that word flows better in text). Suddenly overwhelmed by lust., Anouk began rubbing herself, speeding up until she fell down, moaning and having climaxed.

Dan looked away from the spectacle. “Welp, I think it works. Let’s head back to your room.”

Now back to their positions in Manon’s room, Lily started with “Manon, the problem is that me and Dan are worried about you misusing your whistle.”

Dan said, “And, what the hell, it’s your whistle, you want to have a power fantasy, that’s fine. But, how many people have you moaned together with.”

“Well, not yet with my girlfriend, but I haven’t hurt anyone. Well, except for Alden…

“I mean, if a person wanted to say no, could they?”

“Ah… I honestly don’t know.”

“Here’s the crux, see, Lily brought me along mostly to help her prove a point.”

Lily intervened. “You’re lesbian, right?”

“Of course.”

“How many girls have you screwed that were also lesbian or bi?”

“Uh… Maybe they were secretly?”

“My plan to show you the error of your ways is to use the whistle on you to get you trying to bang Dan. That way, you’ll learn what it feels like to be on the receiving end.”

“But, if I ‘succumb’, which I won’t, I don’t want to get pregnant.”

Dan said, a bit miffed, “Don’t worry, I’m asexual.”

“What’s that? Is that, like, when you’re sex-dead, or something.”

“It means that while I can have sex if I want, I don’t care either way. Like, if I see someone naked, I tell them to put clothes on until gaping at them. Just makes it awkward trying to get through fanservice in anime.”

“Well, fine. Let’s start.”

As Manon got nervous, Lily directed the whistle at her and slowly started getting her horny. Manon slowly began rubbing herself under her skirt, not worrying about the people in front of her. Dan got closer as Lily blew the whistle, and Manon began sitting on Dan’s lap. Her pride gone, she rubbed herself on Dan’s leg, and her hand moved to Dan’s increasing hardness. Soon, she had climaxed after trying to kiss Dan.

After a minute, Manon sat up and looked at the people around her.

“Welp” said Lily, “We’ll leave you here to think. We’ll let ourselves out.”

*027*2020-04-26 21:38

Big announcement! The next chapter to go up will be the last. Personally, this story has allowed me to play around as a writer, and I'm glad that people have enjoyed my stories. In preparation, why don't you write below what you personally liked best about The Omopipes saga, and your favorite character.

*028*2020-04-29 01:50

Without further ado, I present the conclusion to The Omopipes.

###

Chapter 5

Manon sat on a bench in the park next to a statue. Unlike most of her visits, she was quiet, thinking to herself. She smiled, however, when she saw Annita walking towards her on the path. They took comfort in each other as they sat next to each other.

“So, what brings you here?” asked Annita.

“I like to come by sometimes when I want to blow off steam. It’s just…”

Annita crossed her legs and leaned back. “I’m listening.”

“Well, this whole thing is confusing. I mean, before I started dating you I just, you know, did what I wanted. Sure, relationships are nice, but I don’t really want dates. I love you, really I do, but I just want you as a friend.” Confused at herself, she put her head in her hands. “God, how is this so complicated? You must think I’m horrible, just wanting one-night stands.”

“Look up.”

“What?”

“Hold your head high.” As Manon looked up, Annita thought for a minute about all this.

“You know” started Annita, “ are you aro?”

“Uh, what?”

“You know, aromantic. It’s just, I discovered I was bisexual when I was 12, and then I got curious. Like, what if I met others, what would I say, how do they work? I read this book from the library about sexual orientations.”

“What happened?”

“I opened a can of worms, metaphorically speaking.”

They got up and walked, talking all the while.

“So, aromantics don’t feel romantic attraction, but they can still have a sexual attraction towards people. I remember it being described like only wanting one-night stands, and that’s okay. Maybe that’s you.”

Silenced, Manon stopped and faced her friend. “This is all, I don’t know. It’s like awakening all over again. I’m, uh, sorry for not being a very good girlfriend. ”

“Don’t be.” They hugged, Manon relieved that she hadn’t screwed up.

“You’re a great friend. That I may or may not bang in the near future.” Manon smiled, blushing.

“I think we’ll get along great. What happened to you anyway after our first/last date?”

“Well-“

“Actually, let’s get some ice cream first. I feel like having vanilla and fudge. You’ll have strawberry?”

“Of course, my treat.”

Later, the two met up in Manon’s room. With a friend, it took on a cozy tinge. Anouk hadn’t seen them walk in; Manon had used the whistle in her pocket gently to send her to the bathroom.

Putting her hand on the bed, Annita nervously looked at her partner.

“So, uh, how do we do this?”

Manon smiled as she sat on her wheelchair. “Have you ever, you know? Had sex?”

“Only by myself. I imagine you’ll want me to fill myself?”

“Here, just drink this and we’ll wait till we’re full. Of course, you can back out whenever you want.”

“Nah.” After sipping, she turned a bit more seriously towards Manon. “Do you know why I indulge you in your kink?” Without waiting, she said: “I might not understand it, but I respect you enough to do it. Besides, it makes you happy.”

Of course, Manon used the whistle to speed up the filling. She used her desktop mirror to look at Annita indirectly. And then, for the first time, she focused the magic on herself and it worked. You might ask yourself, why did she never try this before? Mainly because in the past she masturbated pretty easily without its help.

Anyway, after spending the time talking about anime, they were both filled and shifting about. Resolved to do things right, Manon put the whistle to one side on her desk.

Then she said “Welp, what do you want. You, uh, never told me what you want out of sex.”

She smiled coyly. The old Manon wouldn’t have said that. “Well, I like bondage. And tickling. How about we mix around.”

So, that’s how they ended up five minutes later with Annita tied up on the bed wearing only some panties and a shirt. They had improvised with some of Manon’s clothes and tied Annita’s hands and legs to the bedposts. She also wore a cloth covering her mouth. As established, Manon (also loosely dressed minus the underwear) would tickle the desperate damsel until she peed. After that, she would be punished with hot, steamy masturbation. Truly a terrible punishment. And yes. I am being overly sarcastic.

You can probably imagine how it went, but I’ll still describe it anyway. Manon started by stroking her friend’s length, and then slowly starting to rub Anita’s stomach.

The two had established beforehand that if either was uncomfortable, all they had to do was tap something three times.

Moving on, Manon tickled her armpits with one hand, and after Annita hadn’t given in, began to tickle and move around her crotch; watching carefully for any spot on her victim’s light pink panties. Soon, Annita was laughing uncontrollably after her sweet spot was found. She continued by spurting, slowly at first, into her panties. She regained control, but not after wetting herself and the folded towel under her.

By this point, the girls were both horny beyond belief. They honored the agreement by beginning to make out, Manon fingering Annita’s vagina feverently. Soon, they both orgasmed and slumped against each other, tired and smiling. Sometime during this, both girls had ended up flooding the towels under them.

Smiling, they just lay there for a few minutes enjoying each other’s worth.

“You know,” said Annita, “You sure know how to treat a girl”

The end

*030*2020-04-30 15:07

{{4 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

What a fantasmic story that was I really enjoyed reading it

}}

Glad you liked it.

