The desperate Jedi - A Star Wars Fanfic - Page 3

Author: Guest Eli

*054*2017-02-27 03:32

{{On 2/17/2017 at 0:34 AM, xeaver said:

I'm all for the light side you should see my character in the two Kotor games with the halo of blue light.

}}

Eeww...I never played KOTOR on light side, something too annoying about it :P

{{On 2/22/2017 at 9:41 PM, Qrogan said:

*Le yawn* Can we move on to the next chapter? All this Force talk is real interesting and stuff, but I must say, I'd really like to see the next chapter. Either way, good chapter. Keep it up!

}}

I'm on it!

{{On 2/22/2017 at 10:25 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Well, Anakin has never been a nice guy.

IMO if Lucas wanted to show a good guy being corrupted he totally failed (like he failed with next to everything with Ep 1-3), Anakin was never a good guy.

And imo you can compare force sensitive to non force sensitive. IMO you even must.

"They are different from us, we can (must) treat them different" has been abused in our history tons of times.

But hey, just my 5 cents, there definitly isn't the total truth out there^^

}}

I've grown tired of this debate, but it has been abused tons of times, you are correct, and that is exactly why I point out that it will happen again if force users aren't kept under control, as I explained.

{{On 2/25/2017 at 7:02 AM, Midd said:

Very good! Glad to see a starwars SWTOR fanfic.... quick query... why would there be a with temple with a SITH in it on TYTHON the birthplace and home world of the JEDI? I'm pretty sure they might have noticed it...

}}

Now YOU, sir, pose an interesting question. But I had a vague explanation for it in mind if someone were to question it. As can be noticed in the story, the Masters purposely SEND them to the temple, it's not that they didn't know where the artifacts or holocrons were, they are testing the padawans' investigation skill and skill to find things on their own, and in the process see how well they can resist the dark side. There being a Sith there was unexpected however, and in no way predictable to the Jedi.

But how it got there? Well, this happens X amount of time after SWTOR, so somewhere in that time there could have been a cult of fallen jedi who decided to commemorate the fallen Sith lords, done so after earning the masters' trust and done this in secret, but only found out once too late. Instead of getting rid of the temple, it was decided to leave it as a testing ground. The temple is mostly there because I didn't think it all through to begin with, but there, a fairly acceptable explanation for something I tried to avoid explaining.

Anyway, It's been too long without a new chapter, so let me get to it.

Chapter 10

"What have I done" Lilianne says terrified as she looks at the decapitated body in front of her. She was trembling with fear. She could not believe that she had killed a person in cold blood, lost control of her emotions like that. If the masters were to find out, she would have to face serious consequences. Her thoughts quickly drifted away from all those worries as she remembered Maran. She looked to where his body had been, but to her surprise, it was not there. Was she just confused because of all that had happened? She looked all around but his body was nowhere to be found. She began to shiver.

"Where did it go?" she thought. "Is there another Sith here?" She turned on the red lightsaber and focused on her surroundings, trying to feel a presence, but there was no one there. "M-Maran?" she shouted. "If you're there, stop fooling around, this is not funny!" No answer. "I- I'm serious...I just-" she paused. "I just killed a man"

"Is that so?" a familiar voice echoed from behind her. Lili turned around with a frightened look on her face.

"M-master!?" she yelled in confusion. "What are you doing h-"

"I felt a disturbance in the force, and it came from here, so I hurried over here, and it seems I was right to" she stated as she looked at Lilianne with disappointment.

"Master, you don't...It's not.."

"Hush, child. I can see clearly what happened. You lost control of your emotions. But we will deal with that later. The bigger issue is what a Sith is doing in a place like this, and how did he come without anyone's notice?" She looked at Lili. "Where is Maran?"

"I- He-" she couldn't say it. She looked at the place where his body should have been. Tears started forming in her eyes.

"Lilianne!" she said in a strict voice. "Where. Is. Maran?"

Lili felt the tears stream down her face. She had a lump in her throat and couldn't bring herself to talk. After a small pause she finally cried out "HE DIED!"

Master Shan understood now what had caused her loss of control. Lilianne had grown too close to her roommate. "It may have been a mistake to pair you two together" she said. "Did that Rattataki kill him?" she asked. Lilianne nodded. "I see. But where is Maran's body?"

Lilianne looked again to where his body had been. "It..*sob*...it's gone!"

"That is most peculiar. This must be brought under the council, as well as what will happen to you. I will have someone take care of that body, it must be taken to a thorough autopsy" She looked at Lilianne. "Come, padawan, let us return to the Jedi Temple." Lilianne walked with Master Shan out of the temple, ashamed and depressed, a few steps behind her Master. She felt no right to walk beside her as her padawan.

Lilianne sat on her bed, wearing nothing but a T-Shirt and her last clean pair of panties, eyes red from crying, thinking about what would happen next. Although it was her bedroom, it felt more like a holding cell. There were two Jedi Knights right outside her door serving as guards while Master Shan discussed matters with the council. She felt weakened, something was keeping her from having full power, as if the Jedi were afraid of her, worried she would do some harm. They treated her as if she were a Sith, at least that's how she felt.

"What will they do to me?" she thought. "Am I to be punished? Expelled? Executed? Banished to an ancient Rakatan prison?" all those thoughts echoed in her head as she sat there, awaiting her fate. "I wish Maran was here" she whispered as she lay down on her bed, buried her head in her pillow and began to cry again.

Meanwhile, the council had gathered, listening to what Master Shan had to say.

"This is most extraordinary!" a council member, Miralukan named Kael, said

"We must find out from where this Sith came from, and if there are more!" another stated, a female Twi'lek named Shaela.

"There's the rule of two, Master Shaela, so the question is not if, but where, where is the Sith Lord and where can we expect him to strike next?" a tiny, orange, pointy-eared member named Yaol answered.

"They must have known the Padawans would be entering the temple at that time!" Kael said

"This temple should never have been allowed to stay there to begin with! It has too much dark energy!" yet another member stated, human named Tamel.

"I second that! It was a foolish move to keep it! It was only a matter of time before something like this would happen!" a Miralukan replied.

The discussion quickly went into a debate, which was abruptly ended by Yaol

"Silence!" he shouted "We can argue all we want, but the past will not be changed. We should focus on dealing with the consequences!"

"Yaol is right, this is not the time for a fight. There is the matter of the young padawan, the one under the care of Master Shan" Kael said as he looked at Master Shan, who stood in the middle of the room.

"She most certainly is, Master Kael, and she was my responsibility. I was careless, I was blinded by her immense amount of force power and her strong mind, I thought she would be able to handle the dark temple. I even convinced Master Jihan to send his padawan as well, for they were roommates" Master Shan stated. "But we could not have predicted a Sith being there, nor could we have predicted the death of a padawan. But what troubles me the most is that my padawan killed the Sith after incapacitating him, driven by anger."

"We should focus on what to do with Master Shan's padawan" Shaela said.

"She is too much of a threat to the order! We must expel her immediately!" Tamel yelled.

"Expelling only means that she will become an even bigger threat later!" the Miralukan replied "She has not fallen to the dark side yet, there is still hope for her, but there will be none if we don't keep her close."

"We will decide nothing before interrogating her!" Yaol said. None of the council members could argue with that statement.

Lilianne woke up from a knock on her door. "Give me a minute" she yelled as she sat up on her bed. She felt cold, mostly around her crotch area. She looked under her blanket, and as she had feared, there was a small wet spot on her sheets, where her butt had been. She put her hands on the front of her panties, as to confirm it completely, and as expected, they were wet at the bottom. She slowly moved her hand to the butt, palpating her panties in the process. They were almost completely soaked there, since she had laid on her back. She stood up and looked in the mirror. There she saw a girl, with ruffled brown hair, green eyes, wearing a light-gray T-shirt with the Republic's logo on it and light-yellow panties that were a bit dark on the lower part of them. She turned around to see her backside in the mirror. 

The T-Shirt had a dark spot up to her back, and the light-yellow panties were not at all so light-yellow, instead they were dark and wet. She pulled down her panties, revealing her still wet vagina. She went into her drawer to find some wipes and cleaned her privates with it. As she wiped herself, the memory of Maran wiping her flashed through her mind, making her realize how that was one of the first and only memorable thing they had done, as well as it being the last thing he did for her. It made her still red eyes fill with tears again, but she quickly wiped them and stopped herself from crying.

She cursed her own laziness as she remembered all her panties had been peed in the past few days and she hadn't bothered cleaning them all yet. The panties she just bedwet in were the last pair, so she had had no choice but put on a diaper. She did not like the idea of wearing a diaper in the daytime, but given her recent accidents she felt a bit safe wearing one. She put on a clean pair of pants and shirt and looked at herself in the mirror again. "The bulge is clearly visible" she thought. There was a knock on her door again. "You have one minute before we come in!" a voice said from outside her door. She rushed to her mirror and put on a little bit of makeup to cover the obvious cry marks on her face. "Alright, we're coming in!" a voice said.

The door was forced open and the two Jedi barged in. Lili turned around and said "I just finished!"

"Come with us peacefully. The council is ready to speak with you." One of the Jedi said. Lili nodded and walked with them.

She entered through the big doors, about 50 meters tall she thought, and walked through a large hallway with pillars on the walls and a big red carpet. The hallway led her a large half-circle room, with large windows on the walls, and under each window there was a fancy chair in which a council member sat. The whole room as in a similar color-theme as the temple, light-brown, red and white.

"I feel much regret in this one!" Yaol said. "To continue her training is not impossible."

A small discussion went on between the council members before they all went quiet and Shaela looked at Lili. "Lilianne, will you please tell us what happened at the temple." she asked.

Lilianne took a deep breath, then started to speak. "We entered the temple, from which we felt greatly the cold feeling of the dark energy of which resides there. We went down a long hallway which lead us to a large room. I was fascinated by all the statues in the room. That's when the Sith attacked from out of the blue. At first I couldn't move, Maran saved my life as I stood there and-" She hesitated. She almost shared with them how she had wet herself in fear "and couldn't do anything. Then the Sith-" Another pause. She closed her eyes and took another deep breath, to stop herself from crying "Then the Sith killed Maran. I don't remember much after that, not until I am holding a lightsaber and the Sith's body is lying there headless in front of me."

"Did you love him?" Kael asked. Lilianne was shocked. How did he figure it out so fast? She had made sure not to hint at it at all. "What does that have to do with anything?" she asked in reply.

"It has everything to do with this, young padawan" Shaela said.

"No!" Lili exclaimed. "I had no such feelings for him"

"If you say so." Tamel said.

"What do you intend to do with me?" Lili asked.

"What do you think we should do with you?" Yaol replied

"I-" this answer was not what Lili had expected. "I do not know. I do want to continue my Jedi training, I want to strengthen my mind to defend myself against the dark side and it's temptations, but I do not know if I can. So if you wish to expel me, I will understand. If you decide to imprison me, I will understand. But I do not know what I think is a suitable punishment for me."

"That is a most interesting answer" Kael said. "I am going to ask you to leave now, we have much to discuss. Go to your room and wait until we summon you again!" Lilianne nodded and walked out of the room.

As she was walking to her chambers she heard a voice. A voice she knew very well.

"Lili!" it said

"M-Maran?" she replied.

*057*2017-02-28 00:16

The world WILL know, I have something interesting in mind, lore-friendly even.

Also, we're about to say goodbye to the planet I hate after playing through it a billion times on SWTOR

*059*2017-03-07 02:06

Chapter 11

"M-Maran?" Lilianne said.

"You can hear me? Oh thank god!" Maran's voice continued. "I've been trying for hours!"

"Oh thank god! I thought I would never be able to see you again!" Lilianne looked around. "Where are you? I can't see you anywhere!"

"You can't see me..I don't have a physical form!" he replied.

"W-what? Does that mean-"

"I'm not dead, no, and stop talking out loud, people will think you're crazy!"

"Right!" Lilianne thought "So you can hear my thoughts?"

"Yes, that's right, I am inside your mind. Only you can hear me" he said,

"B-but how? And does that mean I'll never see you again?"

"I- I'm not sure exactly how it happened. Right before that Sith stabbed me, something whispered to me, helped me perform a possession of a sort. I can't really explain it, but I ended up in your body" he explained. "I don't know if I will ever be able to exit your body again, or if I will-"

"A possession??" Lili said in surprise "That's like a super ancient Sith power, last known to be used by Darth Nox when he rose from a slave to a member of the Dark Council by making Ancient Sith ghosts possess him, absorbing their power" she said with great enthusiasm and awe. "That's why your body vanished. Upon a successful possession the user's body is consumed by the dark side."

"Does that mean I'll be stuck in your mind for eternity?" he asked worried

"Well, unless you take over my body and manage to erase my conscience!" she said jokingly.

"That's not happening. I could never do that to you!" he replied

"I'll look into it, see if we find a way. But what do we do now? Do I tell the council?"

"No! It is best if the council does not know of this. This is a dark power which is highly dangerous it seems. They could see it as a threat. We best keep it to ourselves and work it out on our own!"

"You're probably right. I will say nothing."

Lili entered her room and sat down on her couch. "Damn, I'm tired. I guess that I- that WE get ready for bed" she said. She prepared to undress but stopped. "Wait! Do you see everything I see?" she asked.

"Well, yea I do!" he replied. "I know you're wearing special protection at the moment" he said mockingly

Lilianne blushed. "S-shut up! I was out of panties! Wait...does that mean you saw me undress earlier?" she said angrily

"I- I guess...." She turned completely red "And you-" she realized that he had seen her in her most miserable state, lying on the bed in peed clothes crying her eyes out.

"Don't worry about it, Lili, I'll try not to pay attention."

"You damn better not!" She pulled down her pants and palpated her diaper to make sure it was dry. "Not a drop!" she said and grabbed a T-shirt from her closet. She took off her top and bra and put the T-shirt on, then threw herself onto her bed. "Well, we better get some rest before meeting with the council again tomorrow." she said. "Good night"

"Night." Maran said.

What was this feeling? An uneasy, cold and damp feeling around the crotch area. "What's going on" Maran thought. "Why can I feel everything?" He looked at his hands as he moved the fingers. "Am I in control?". He sat up and looked down under the T-Shirt. "It surely is her body!" he thought as he stared at the breasts hanging down from the chest. "Damn, these are heavy! How can she carry those around every day?" He then looked at the diaper. "So that's how she feels every morning!". He stood up and stretched clumsily. He initiated a walk, but as soon as he lifted his foot he fell straight to the floor and landed with the butt on the floor, feeling the squishy wet diaper even better. "What in the world happened?". He grabbed the bed and pulled himself up. "I guess it's not as easy as you'd think to use a completely new body!". He made another attempt to walk, this time supporting himself with the walls.

"W-what the hell is happening?" Lili suddenly mumbled in the background.

"Oh, good, you're still there! Wasn't sure if I erased your existence in our sleep" he said jokingly.

"Wh-whah?" she replied confused. "What's going on? Why am I not in bed?"

"I'm not sure how or why, but I am in control at the moment" he said.

"WHAT?!" she yelled. "N-no, no no no no! Stop that!" Lilianne was angry. She did not like the idea of someone else using her body.

"It's not like I chose to! I can't even use it properly!" he answered as he slowly made his way out of the bedroom. "I'm going to the bathroom to take this thing off! It's a terrible feeling!" he said.

"F-fine...but after that we will try to find a way to switch back!" she said.

"Fair enough!" he said. As he made his way to the bathroom, he unstrapped the diaper, making it fall to the ground. "Aaahh, this is muuuch better. It feels so free!"

If Lilianne would be able to, she'd be blushing right now. "N-now, try to give me control! I'm going to focus on taking over, just try focusing on losing the control" she said.

He closed his eyes and tried to let go of the body.

"It worked! I'm in!" she yelled. She felt something warm stream down her legs. She looked down. "But you managed to make me pee all over the floor in the process..."

"Probably just a side effect" he said.

"Well, a very inconvenient one!" she replied annoyed. She walked to where she stored her diapers, in the closet under the sink and put a new one on. She then grabbed a towel and cleaned up the pee, picked up the diaper from the night and disposed of it. She quickly got dressed and went to the Intercom placed on a wall in the living room. "I'd like some breakfast, please." she said. "Coming right up!" a robotic voice replied. Only a few seconds later a hole opened up in the wall beside the intercom and a robotic arm came out of it holding a plate with fried Quor'sav egg and fried slices from the belly of a Roba. With it the robotic arm also brought a glass of Nerf milk.

"I love fried Roba!" Maran said. "Now I wish I hadn't given you control!"

"Too bad for you!" Lili replied as she stuffed the meat in her mouth. "I wonder what the council's decision will be..do you think they will kick me out?"

"Nah, this was self-defense of a sort...even though you did execute the guy, they believe the one who you were in love with is dead, so they will probably give you a second chance."

"I hope you're right" she said worried. As soon as she had said those words, two Jedi entered the room and asked Lili to come with them to see the council. She walked with them to the great hall of the council, finding herself standing in front of all of the greatest Jedi in the galaxy once again.

"We have thought much about this!" Kael spoke.

"But after a long discussion, we have come to a conclusion" Tamel said.

"You will be allowed to train once again, young Padawan." Yaol said.

"But under strict supervision, of course!" Shaela said.

Lilianne could not believe what she was hearing. "I thank you all, great masters, for giving me this second chance. I will not fail you again!"

"We are most pleased to hear that." Yaol said. "You can go now"

Lilianne exited the room and thus began a strict training period where she learned to control her emotions better. Two months passed and Lilianne had improved a lot in focusing her powers and bringing out more potential. She had occasionally given Maran control so he could practice movements with her body and train with the sword. She was now heading to her Master Shan's chambers to see what she'd have to say.

"I am here, Master. What did you want to talk to me about."

"These have been difficult two months for you, but I sense great improvement in you. I sense much more patience and control over your emotions. I believe you are ready to forge your very own lightsaber."

Lilianne was amazed, she couldn't wait to go to the forge. She had been waiting for this moment for the longest time and it was finally becoming a reality. However, she hid her excitement from Master Shan, nodded and said "I will do as you ask, my Master."

"Come speak to me once you are done. I have a task for you." she said.

Lilianne had already gathered all the components needed to make the lightsaber in her free time. She had decided on the color and shape of the hilt too. She packed down all she needed, food, water and an extra pair of pants and panties. This time she knew she'd need it. As she was ready to leave, she exited her room and ran to the Taxi droid outside the Temple. "I want to go to the Old Jedi Temple ruins" The droid put some codes into the computer panel in front of it. Lili sat down on a speeder and as usual, as soon as the speeder began to take flight, the droid says "Have a safe and pleasant stay!"

She landed on the Taxi station nearest to the old ruins which had the forge in them. From there it'd be a two hour walk to the cave tunnel which would lead to a valley which the forge resided in. She journeyed up to the tunnel with little to no problem, only running into wild aggressive animals which were easily dealt with.

"Almost there" she said to Maran.

"Yeah, it's time!" Maran replied. She entered the tunnel, facing many difficult monsters inside, but eventually made it out. She was greeted by a long narrow pathway which led to a great structure, about 10 meters high, She hastily ran over to it and up the stairs. She felt like it was hundreds of thousands of steps, but she finally got to the top. In front of her stood the very forge she had been waiting to use. She took her backpack off and drew out of it a few pieces which would form a hilt once put together.

She kneeled down and began meditating, focusing on building her lightsaber. A green crystal floated around along with the hilt parts as she slowly assembled her saber. Once finished, she held it in her hand and pressed a red button on it. A green laser formed from the hilt. "It works! It really does!" she yelled as she swung it around playfully.

"Well, can I get to it as well?" Maran said.

"Fine, but be quick!" she said. She closed her eyes and switched places with Maran. The diaper she had put on filled pretty quick upon switching minds.

He drew out of the backpack a second set of saber hilt parts along with a blue crystal. He repeated the process from earlier and made his lightsaber. As he pressed the button, he said in awe "Wow! This is a lot easier to swing around than the vibroblade. It's so much lighter and I can make such clean movements! I love it!" he exclaimed.

"I know right? But we must now return to my Master. She said she had something urgent to talk about. Give me control!" He closed his eyes and allowed her spirit to flow through the body. She looked down to see a dark patch form on the brown leggings. "As I figured, the diaper couldn't handle two switches. It's leaking."

"So that's why you brought a spare pair of pants." he said. She quickly changed and returned to the Temple.

"Good, you are here!" Master Shan said as Lilianne entered her chambers. "As you know, the peace is once again threatened with the existence of the dark side and the sith. There are reports of several potential Sith sightings on Coruscant. Jedi who have been there also talked about a disturbance in the force while they were there. I want you to go to Coruscant to investigate this."

"I will do as you ask, Master." Lili answered. "Is there a shuttle ready?"

"Of course!" Master Shan said. It's on the landing pad on the roof of this Temple. Now get going, this can not wait for much longer!"

Lilianne rushed to her room and packed down all that she had to pack down. Upon finishing she went to the shuttle. It was going to be a long ride so she grabbed a flight-diaper and put it on upon entering the shuttle. She sat down and looked out the window next to her. After a while she felt her eyes get heavier by the second....

*062*2017-03-19 23:22

{{On 14/03/2017 at 10:20 AM, Violet said:

I thought so too until i found this gem

, i dont think it's updated much anymore but the archive is quite a rabbit hole...if you like male that is. I think that blog is the reason that over the half the star wars omo on AO3 is Kylux fluff :P

Tbh i didnt know i liked reading female omo until i started reading your fic, I hope you keep writing! :)

}}

{{On 15/03/2017 at 10:27 AM, wedgeantilles said:

Great new chapter, thank you!

}}

Hehe, thank you guys, I've been wanting to keep going with this since I posted the last chapter, but my focus has been mostly on school lately, last two weeks have been full of mid-term tests. The last test for now is tomorrow, after that I will probably go ahead with another chapter or two.

Quick question in case you see this before I post the next chapter: Do you want the next planet to be Coruscant or Dantooine? (Coruscant is a city but Dantooine is wildlife)

*068*2017-03-21 17:55

Dantooine it is then. Don't worry, there are more cities in the galaxy, Nar Shaddaa will make an interesting choice too, though I will let you guys decide again later. I have both Tatooine and Nar Shaddaa in mind.

Chapter 12

Maran woke up. "Ah, it seems I am in control again." he thought. "And it's only been about an hour and the diaper is already wet...damn it Lili, you really have NO control when you fall asleep." He stood up and stretched his legs. "Now, where can I find a room to change the diaper? I hate this feeling!". He looked around until he noticed a sign with a person with a diaper on and figured that would be the changing room. "I never had troubles like this in my old body". He followed the sign and into a room labeled with the same sign. It was a small and simple room, just shelves with diapers to the left and a diaper disposal on the right. Above the disposal was a sign much like the one from earlier, but this one had a person in a dirty diaper, defined by three waved lines coming from the diaper.

He locked the door behind him and inspected the pants to see if the diaper had leaked. The pants were completely dry, so he unstrapped the diaper and was about to pull it down when he paused. "I don't think Lili would want ME doing this...but then again, she's asleep somewhere in the back of her own head." He shrugged and went ahead with pulling down the diaper, revealing the clean-shaved pussy. He ran his fingers down the waist and rubbed the pussy, still slightly wet from the pee. "It's so soft, so nice" he thought. He grabbed some wipes next to the disposal and wiped the pussy slowly. "I better finish this up fast before she stops me in the act" he thought. He grabbed a diaper and initiated his attempt to put it on. 

"It can't be THAT hard" he said to himself. He opened the diaper and put it around the waist, but then came at a stop. He was unable to manage to strap the diaper. He needed both hands for that, but one hand had to hold up the diaper while the other would strap the diaper on the sides. No matter how much he tried, the diaper kept falling from his hands and on the floor. After ten minutes of pointless struggles, he gave up, kicked the diaper and said "Screw this! I'll just stay awake and hold her pee for her!" He picked up the dirty diaper and threw it into the disposal. He picked up the pants and put them on. "Heck if I'd ever let those get wet, it's only a two hour ride to Coruscant anyway and I can surely control this bladder better than she can".

In a bit of a foul mood he returns to his seat and looked out the window. "Why can't I see Coruscant yet?" he wondered. "It's been at least one and half an hour". He figured there was a logical explanation for this and shrugged the worries away. "I'm a bit thirsty, I better get something to drink" he thought. He went to a droid vendor and bought a soda-like drink. He quickly gulped it and went back to his seat.

After an hour more had passed, he got a little worried again. "Why have we not arrived?" He decided to head to the cockpit to ask the pilot. When he stood up, he felt that little tingle in the abdomen, but ignored it. "What is up with this delay?" he asked the pilot.

"What delay?" the pilot asked with a confused look on his face. "We are ahead of schedule, young girl, so just sit tight, try to get some sleep maybe."

"Ahead of schedule? It's been 2 and a half hour, the trip to Coruscant should only take 2 hours at most!"

"Coruscant? We most certainly are not heading for Coruscant. This shuttle is going to Dantooine!"

"DANTOOINE??" Maran yelled. "No no no, I need to get to Coruscant right now! I have an important mission!"

"I'm sorry girl, there ain't nothing I can do about it now, I also have a really "important" mission to deliver supplies to Dantooine."

Maran shook his head in anger and stormed out of the cockpit. "Why the fuck am I heading to Dantooine. I better call Master Shan on the holocom." He took out a small silver-plated disc and pressed the small, shiny red button on it. He chose whom he wanted to call.

"What is it, young Jedi?" Shan said as she picked up.

"There must have been some mistake! I am on a shuttle that is headed for Dantooine"

"What?!" Shan replies in shock. "How did that happen? Did you not take shuttle 3-15?"

"Uh-oh.." he replied. "We might have taken the wrong shuttle" he said as he stroked his hand through the long brown hair on his head.

"We? Did you not go alone?" Shan asked.

"Well, yeah I did. Did I say we? I meant I, of course!" he said in a panic.

"This is most unfortunate, young Lilianne, the shuttle stays on Dantooine for 2 days before leaving again!" she said worried. "You will have to wait until then, there is nothing we can do about this. Try and think of this as a chance for you to see the old Jedi academy ruins on Dantooine. You might learn a thing or two from them. Contact me once you land there!" As soon as she had finished her sentence she broke the signal.

"Fuck" he said. "How will I tell Lili about this...and it's another 3 hours until we arrive on Dantooine" He felt the urge in the bladder grow stronger. "How is her bladder already starting to complain? I only had one bottle of Fizzy-Bip"

Frustrated he returned to the seat by the window. "Dantooine huh? I guess it really is an interesting place to go, so we better make the most of it." He looked outside at the stars. They had just enter the mid-rim of the galaxy, meaning they were about half-way there. "This feeling is a lot different when I'm in her body...why? And so strong. I've never felt this much desperation...is THIS the pain she has gone through each time she has ended up having an accident?" The more he worried about it, the more he started to feel the complaints of the bladder, he did not even realize how much he was fidgeting in his seat.

Half an hour passed and the feeling just grew worse and worse. He was holding it in the only way he knew, using the pelvic muscles to keep it in. "What the heck?" he suddenly yelled, louder than he would have liked. He felt the warm liquid stream through the urethra and straight into the white leggings. "Why?" he thought in panic. "Why isn't it holding? Why is it breaking through" He quickly threw his arms to the crotch area and pressured it to try and stop the flow.

"Phew, seems that worked" he said relieved though his heart was still pounding like crazy. "I'll just have to keep my hands there and everything will be fine" He looked down to see how visible his little leak would be on the leggings. As he had feared there was no hiding what had happened, the crotch area had a visibly darker, wet spot. He knew there was probably more on the butt, but he was both unable to check and he didn't really want to. He felt how his face turned red from embarrassment, he had seen it happen with Lili countless times, but being the one in control while it happened was completely different.

Another half an hour had passed, and he was running out of hope. Sweat was running down his face, tears were starting to form as he bit his lip.He had never felt this embarrassed in his life, heck, he didn't remember ever being embarrassed about anything at all. He put even more pressure on the vagina as another spurt tried to escape, but he managed to stop it. He suddenly stood up, hands still on the crotch, and ran to the diaper room. He somehow managed to lock it, with only a little bit leaking into the leggings, and then, with one hand still on the crotch, pulled them down, the pee slowly leaking through his hand and into the leggings which he was struggling to take off. Once they were off, he kicked them away and removed the hand from the pussy, and let go of the pee he'd been holding back for so long. He felt the insane relief as the pee streamed down the legs and formed a warm, yellow-ish puddle beneath him.

"Lili can't find out about this" he thought

"What can't I find out about?" a voice echoed in his head.

"Uhh...nothing! Just go back to sleep, we're not there ye-"

"Wait...WHY am I not in a diaper??" she shouted at him.

"I- uh...It was dirty.."

"And instead you decided to pee in my favorite leggings?" she replied frustrated as she notices the obviously wet leggings in the corner of the room. "You realize it is ME they will see walking out on the streets of Coruscant in pee-soaked leggings! All the spares are in the cargo shuttle, they will be delivered to the hotel!"

"I- I thought I'd be able to hold i-"

"You think I'd be putting on diapers for flights if I could hold it? You think I just don't feel like holding it? The only bright side about this is that it is YOU that is feeling this but not me" She had gotten pretty mad.

"I- sorry.." was all he could mutter.

"W-we're not going to Coruscant, Lili, if that helps" he said.

"How would that he- Wait...what?" she asked still frustrated, but confused.

"Y-yeah...we took the wrong shuttle, this one goes to Dantooine"

"Well, that's just great...so now we're stuck on a planet in the outer rim with nothing put pee-soaked leggings and a dress that I put in the backpack earlier, because I intended to look extra good for the high-class people of Coruscant."

"I uh, yea..I guess so.." he muttered.

"Let me take control..we need to clean this mess up and put a new diaper on." she said. She was not as mad now, but obviously not happy about the situation Maran had put her in.

They switched places. "Ah, well, at least my bladder is empty" she said. She grabbed some wipes and started cleaning the puddle up and strapped on a fresh diaper afterwards. "Now then, I will have to reach the backpack that's under my seat to get the dress, but all I'm dressed in is this white sweater and a diaper." After thinking it through, she saw no other option than to just run to the backpack and put the dress on in a hurry.

So she unlocked the door, opened slowly to see if anyone was around, then ran as fast as she could towards her seat. As she was nearing her seat, a service droid bumps into her.

"Oh, what peculiar clothing taste you have, m'am, I believe most would try and cover their diaper, not flash it around." the robot said, loudly enough for probably the whole flight crew to hear. Lilianne blushed and started rushing to her seat again. As she finally got there, she drew out of her backpack a short, white dress with gold decorations on it and quickly put it on.

"There, now we just have to wait until we arrive. Maybe we'll find you a suitable body, if we're lucky." she said

"If, only if, but it'd have to be a Jedi...I'm not going to be possessing someone who can't even use the force."

Lilianne giggled. "Beggars can't be choosers...but the sooner I get you out of my body, the better"

Green lights blinked on the walls and a robotic voice sounded in the speakers "We are initiating landing on planet Dantooine. Please return you your seats until the landing process is complete"

"Dantooine...I guess we'll have to find something to do here for the next two days..." Maran sighed.

"We'll find somethi-" A loud noise interrupted her. "It came from the wing!" she said. The shuttle began shaking and red lights started to flash everywhere. They were crashing.

"Quick, grab onto something!" Maran yelled at Lilianne. She grabbed the pole next to her seat and squeezed it as hard as she could. The shuttle was being pulled faster and faster by the gravity of Dantooine until it finally hit the ground with an impact that sent Lilianne flying to the other end of the room, hitting her head hard, knocking her unconscious.

Well, that was the trip to Dantooine I guess...I'll admit that making Maran be in control was something that sounded interesting to me at first, but the more I wrote it, I felt less interest since it is HIM that is wetting, although it is Lili's body. I'm also not sure if this counts as male wetting or not....Buuut I hope some of you like it, Omo is Omo after all, and this chapter is mostly there to create a reason for them to be heading to Dantooine.

Hope you liked it :) I will try to get another one up this week.

