Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Android 18's Burst

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-10-11 04:20

During the World Martial Arts Tournament before the Duels began & the havoc of Majin Buu, the Z-Fighters prepare for their matches once the Tournament starts but Android 18 was having a trouble of her own...

Krillin: *Trains* YAH! YAH! Man I can't wait to beat people who are weaker than me before I face someone like Piccolo or those New Creepy Colored Guys.

Goku (Halo): Hope you do well Krillin you are going to need it.

Vegeta: Kakorot I hope you are excited about us fighting so soon so I can beat you to a pulp!

Piccolo: You Saiyans always have fighting on the brain while we Namekians just want peace & quiet.

Gohan: *Laughs* It's a good thing I'm only Half Saiyan huh Mister Piccolo

Android 18:*Shivers*.....

Krillin: Honey are you okay?

Android 18: Yes I'm fine I just want to know where the restroom is.

Videl: Oh it's over there down the hall do you want me to escort you there?

Android 18: I'm a grown woman & a mother I can go by myself.

Videl: Okay then rude much.

(Android 18 walks down the hall)

Android 18: Ugh! How far is it!? Might be best to run for it then again people will see how I'm truly made of.

Android 18: I think I see the restrooms I'm almost ther---

Android 18: *Grabs groin area* Oh my gosh! I think I'm gonna burst!

Android 18: Almost. To. The. Door--- OH NO! *Starts peeing in a Splash*

Android 18: Ah crap! *still peeing uncontrollably* Great now I need to go Change...

(Android 18 stops peeing & fly's out quickly back to Roshi's house to change at Full Speed)

Random Person: Huh? Who made this miss?

(Android 18 returns to the Preparation area in a Flash)

Krillin: 18! What the heck!? What happened!? Why were you flying!?

Android 18: Trust me sweetie you don't want to know...

The Gang and other Fighters were called to start the Tournament and it was going to be one heck of a day...

*002*2017-10-13 02:48

{{On 10/11/2017 at 8:24 PM, whimp226 said:

Love but i need detail man

}}

Glad you liked it and I apologize that I lacked details but not gonna lie I'm not really good at details at all lol.

*003*2017-10-24 21:23

Nice fic,you should make a RP

*004*2017-10-25 21:30

{{On 10/24/2017 at 3:23 PM, Queso said:

Nice fic,you should make a RP

}}

Thanks and what is an RP?

