Lost in the woods

Author: Guest Blurple

*000*2020-09-14 17:38

“I have to pee” my girlfriend said quietly from the passenger seat while holding herself.

I look over at her, feeling my own need. “I know, I do too” I said, unable to say more.

We were hopelessly lost on what was basically a dirt trail at this point. We had decided to go on a trip to the cabin my parents owned in the mountains and I had taken a wrong turn. The GPS at this point was beyond useless, placing us in the middle of a forest with no roads in sight.

”I think we’re going to have to find a place to turn around” I say as we came up to a deep stream “I’m not going to be able to cross this”.

I stop the car and get out, trying to find a spot wide enough to turn around. The path so far has been just wide enough for the tiny convertible and is lined with sturdy looking trees. I look back the way we came, realizing that my options are limited to backing up most of the way.

I walk back to the car, feeling my bladder with each step. My girlfriend takes one look at my face and realizes how bad things really are.

”How long do you think it will take to get back to the main road?” She asked quietly with a pained expression on her face “I don’t know how much longer I can hold”.

”If I could get the car turned around it might be half an hour, but I think we’re going to have to go in reverse most of the way which will take way longer.” I told her.

”ok, I’ll hold it” she said quietly, looking absolutely defeated. “Just hurry please, I don’t want to have an accident”.

My cock stiffened hearing her say that. I hadn’t told her that I had a pee fetish, mostly due to not knowing how she’d feel about it. I went over to her side and gave her a gentle kiss and told her she’d make it before sliding back into my seat and putting the car in reverse.

5 minutes later I feel her grab my free hand. I look over and she has tears in her eyes. “I I I’m not going to make it much longer” she started to sob.

I brought the car to a stop and went over to her door. “Follow me” I said, grabbing her free hand and pulling her out of sight of the “road” as quickly as I could. Soon we’re out of sight of the road, hidden by the trees. She suddenly lets go of my hand and firmly places it over her other one underneath her skirt.

”I’m not going to be able to get my underwear off” she tells me with a look of horror on her face, bouncing up and down “I’m already leaking”.

I tell her to kick her sandals off and to spread her legs. “Don’t worry about your underwear, we can wash them. I love you.” I say before pulling her tight and giving her a deep kiss.

That was all her body needed to let go and unless what seemed like a never ending torrent of pee. We stayed that way until after the last drops subsided and I started to shuffle, my own desperate need making itself known again. “It looks like someone else needs some help” she whispered with a familiar fire in her eyes.

”Yeah, I’ve been dying as well” I told her, taking a couple steps back while undoing my belt. Ultimately I didn’t get very far before she pulled me back to her.

“Wait” she whispered in my ear, sliding her underwear off “I know what this did for you” she slowly pulled me out of my jeans and wrapped her wet panties over my member, slowly going up and down. With her other hand she guided me between her legs and whispered “I still have some left” before slowly peeing over my hand.

That was all I needed and my body shuddered as several jets erupted into her underwear. We came together for another embrace as my erection wilted. I started to turn around so I could finally take care of my urgent need when she said she wanted to hold it. “Ok, but it’s coming and I can’t stop it” I said as she gently wrapped her fingers around my piss hard dick. Almost instantly there was a splattering sound that again felt like it lasted forever.

Once I was done, we made our way back to the car and slowly backed out to the main road.

*002*2020-09-15 04:30

{{5 hours ago, MemeOverlord said:

I'm not really into male omorashi at all, but I still loved your story! All of the things that the GF did in your story were great! My fianceé and I have done some similar things before, it's amazing!

}}

Thank u !!!

I’m not at all, it just felt right

