Amity's Sibling Troubles

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2022-08-01 05:57

Amity's Sibling Troubles "Em, you've been in there for 20 minutes. Hurry up!" Amity exclaimed. Amity continued to knock on the door while her other hand was tightly grabbing her crotch.

"Just give me 10 more minutes!" Em replied.

"You're hogging the bathroom, just finish up what you're doing and let me in now!" Amity stated frantically. She squeezed her legs together as she felt a wave of desperation wash over her.

"Uh, having some stomach troubles, come back later," Em responded.

"I can hear you shaving Emira. It's the middle of winter, Viney isn't gonna notice your legs," Amity said.

"Pffft, I just wanna feel presentable- in front of her, -and me shaving is none of your business!" Emira replied.

"Well, I really have to pee, please, I can't hold it much longer!" Amity begged.

"Just use one of the other 5 bathrooms in our mansion Mittens," Emira suggested.

Amity had to cross her legs and squeeze them together for a few seconds before she could compose herself enough to reply back. "The other bathroom on this floor is being cleaned right now, and I don't think I can make it downstairs without wetting myself..." Amity replied.

"Well, I still have a lot of... shaving... to do, so just ask the cleaner to step out for a minute to let you pee." Emira responded.

"Ughhhh, why are you like this Em," Amity replied.

Amity looked down the hallway to (shudders) Edric's bathroom. Knowing her brother, it would probably take a while before the cleaners finished cleaning his bathroom, and that's also the reason why Amity hated using it. But seeing as how her sister was being a stubborn bi- rch tree, she'd probably be better off using it. Slowly, Amity hobbled towards Edric's bathroom. She doubled over as she felt another wave of desperation.

Ugh, I'm not gonna make it. Amity thought. She continued to hobble towards the bathroom. About half way there, she felt another wave of desperation. She felt her urine being pushed out of her urethra, so she quickly squeezed her legs together and held on tighter. But it was too late, a leak escaped and she felt the warm, damp liquid squeezing out into her panties. She was able to cut off the flow, but she felt her urethra burning now, desperate to empty her bladder after that small, sweet taste of relief for one second. She composed herself and continued to slowly hobble to the bathroom.

When she finally got close enough, she heard a constant stream of running water along with aggressive scrubbing noises. The sound made her double over and leak a bit more pee into her panties. She knocked on the door, "Hello?", she said.

There was no response. Amity began banging on the door. "HELLO!" Amity shouted. The running water and scrubbing stopped. Then one of the cleaners opened the door. Was his name Jack? Or Jean?

"Bonjour Mme. Blight, ow may I elp you today?", it was Jean, it was definitely Jean that replied.

"Can I please use the bathroom for a few minutes? My sister is hogging up the other one" Amity asked.

"Mais d'accord! Just mind ze vet floor," Jean replied.

Amity quickly rushed into the bathroom as Jean left. She slammed the door and locked it. Then noticed how disgusting the toilet still was. "Ugh, ofc Jean would save it for last."

Amity grabbed some toilet paper and began placing it on top of the toilet seat so that she'd have some protection from the filthiness. But then, she felt her bladder losing control as she did that. "No noooooo!" exclaimed Amity.

She quickly removed her pants and panties and hovered over the toilet seat. At first, her pee stream was forcefully spraying all over the place, not just the toilet. Her legs quivered as her bladder still ached from being so full. But as she emptied her bladder, she gained more and more control and was able to direct most of her stream into the toilet. She made a mental note to apologize to Jean afterwards. She noticed the big wet patch on her pants, and how her panties were almost completely soaked. It's a good thing this accident happened in her own home. Otherwise, she'd die of embarrassment if it happened anywhere else.

When Amity was done, she stepped out and apologized to Jean.

"Actually, my name is Jacques," Jacques replied.

"Oh, my apologies. Sorry about the mess Jacques," Amity stated.

Amity walked back to her bedroom, changed her clothes, then began writing about her day in her dairy.

THE END

A/N: This short story was inspired by a recent MoringMark comic:

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/index.php?app=core&module=system&controller=embed&url=https://www.reddit.com/r/TheOwlHouse/comments/wcpedf/siblings/?utm_source=share%26utm_medium=web2x%26context=3"

