Total Drama Island (What-If): Heather Has An Accident

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2020-03-16 14:30

This is takes place in "The Sucky Outdoors" so a change of events are now in place.....

(The Beginning of the Story is the same as the episode but only this time something different happened...)

Heather: Seriously that Goth Girl is definitely gonna get what's coming to her

Cody: So does anyone want some water? How about you Gwen?

Gwen *sulking*: Thanks, Cody but I don't want any....

Heather: I'll take that since Goth Girl doesn't *quickly drinks it all & tosses Cody's Water Case away but Trent catches it*

Trent: Here you go dude *gives Cody his Water Case back*

Cody: *sighs* Thanks Trent

Moments later (everything else happening remains the same from The Sucky Outdoors until....)

Heather: Ugh! Where's Izzy she's supposed to be back a few minutes ago!

Izzy: Hey guys I'm back with some Fish

Owen: Woah Izzy that's a really big Fish!

Izzy: Yeah I wrestled a Bear for it that's why it took a while *laughs wildly*

Heather: Ah great now I have to go pee, I'm going to have to use the woods

Leshawna: Just watch out for Bears

Heather: Oh shut it

*Heather looks around to find a Decent & Distant Spot to pee around the Forest*

Heather *desperate*: Rrgh! I can't believe drinking Cody's water was a HUGE mistake! Oh look this is a nice spot to pee *tries to unbuckle her shorts until...*

(Fake) Bear: [Realistic Roar]

Heather *desperate*: *turns her head around* Aaahhh!!! *Runs but wets herself a LITTLE in the process & hides her Little Wet Spot*

Trent: What's up?

Heather: *stops a moment* There's a Bear chasing me!!! *covers her Little Wet Spot from the others*

Leshawna: Girl by any chance did you wet yourself *chuckles*

Heather: Uh... NO I didn't *(Fake) Bear pops up behind her*

The Others: *scared looking faces* Uhh...

Heather: What!? *turns around then falls over then wets herself way more in her Green Shorts & urine spreads on her legs to make a Big Puddle* Well at least I don't have to go anymore... PLEASE DON'T EAT ME!!!

(Fake) Bear: Whoops *laughs wildly & takes Bear Head off*

Izzy: Wow Heather I never knew you had to go that *laughs wildly*

Owen: Damn Izzy I thought for a moment you were a real bear

Heather: I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS! You made me pee myself!

The Others: *laughing* | Leshawna: *laughing* Damn girl I'm glad I'm not you *laughing*

(Then moments later & everything else goes accordingly how the episode ends)

$$

