The omopipes

Author: gianki007

*000*2020-03-11 21:13

Chapter 1

Aveline climbed onto the bus, her backpack full of books. She walked to the back, eyes down. The bus rumbled, moving forward again. Aveline put on her earbuds and listened to Bon Jovi, a little twitch in her bladder. Told herself that she would pee at home. Occasionally, she would look forward at a ginger head. Stopping again, a boy climbed onto the bus and sat next to Aveline.

“Hey Ave?” She glanced at Dan. “I want your help with something.”

“Okay. What is it?” Dan took a small object out of his pocket. It resembled a small panpipe that only had two tubes. Each tube had a button a short way inside, close enough to press. Unless you reached inside, you wouldn’t be able to press one of the buttons. “I found this on a sidewalk, and I don’t know what it does. I keep trying to figure it out in my room, but I can’t take it apart and nothing happens when I press one of the buttons.”

Aveline took the tube and looked it over. “I don’t know how I can help, but if you want, we can work on it together. You can come over to my place now; my parents are out of town.”

“Thanks Ave.” They sat for a few minutes as farms and open sky flashed by. Dan saw Ave look at the ginger girl up ahead. “You know” Ave looked back at him, “I could introduce you to Lily.” Blushing, she fumbled to say something.

“Don’t worry about it” reassured Dan, “Lily’s actually pretty friendly. You both like music. I think you’d make a cute couple.”

“I… Oh look,” said Ave getting up, “it’s our stop.” They both got walked down the aisle, with Dan waving to Lily as they passed. They got down from the bus and walked over to Ave’s small two-story house.

Dan passed Ave as she unlocked the door. Her family’s house had wooden floors, landscape paintings, and comfy pillows on the sofa to the right. They went upstairs, where the two bedrooms were, each with their own bathroom attached. Dan started up her Xbox, while Ave dropped her backpack and went to her bathroom; she closed the door. Undressing, she sat on the toilet and peed, sighing contently. Peeing for a while, she thought about indulging in omo, but Dan was over, and she decided to wait until he was gone to play around. Wiping herself, she dressed again and left the bathroom. On screen, Raiden was slashing his way through Metal Gear Rising as Ave sat down.

“Alright then” Dan paused the game and took out the pipes. He lifted it and showed again to Ave. “So, I tried taking it apart with my multi-tool, but I haven’t found an opening”. He started meddling with it.

Grabbing it, Ave tried pressing the buttons. Ave felt a little twinge in her bladder, but nothing happened. “Have you tried holding the buttons?” Trying again she held down one of the buttons. Almost immediately, her bladder moved as Ave felt the need to pee again. She let go in surprise. Dan lunged and grabbed the pipes.

“Are you okay?” Dan looked at the pipe, looking for a spike or something else. “What happened?”

“I, uh” Ave started fidgeting again. “I need to pee all of a sudden.” Realization dawned on Dan, and he thought of something.

Standing up, Dan said “Ave, do you think this thing is magic?”

“Oh, come on, a pipe that can make people pee?”

“Let’s test it.” Dan gestured to the bathroom. “How about this. You go back in and pee, and I’ll hold the button again. If you fill up, we’ll know it works” They walked over to the bathroom, and Ave went inside. She was nervous, but…Wait a minute, thought Ave.

“Why does the omopipe not affect you?”

Pausing, Dan replied “Omopipe? That’s actually a pretty good name. Well, maybe it only affects girls?” He shook his head. “I’ve never used magic before. Come on, let’s test this.” Ave went in the bathroom and locked the door behind her. For the second time she took off her undergarments and peed into the toilet. “Alright Ave, I’m going to test it. Are you ready?”

“Yeah” Wiping herself, Ave awaited the filling of her bladder. Her heart sped up, realizing all the fun she could have the omopipe. I’ll have to wait until Dan’s left. He’ll probably give it to me anyway since he knows I like to play around.

Outside, Dan wondered exactly which pipe had the omo button. Hope this is the right one. He held the left button. As the seconds ticked by, Ave began to feel a warmth around her private parts. Her heart sped up and it began to spread; her vagina went moist with arousal. Excited, she began to finger herself more and more vigorously, until she climaxed, moaning and squirting.

Frowning, Dan asked “Ave, are you okay?” She was too busy getting down from her high to answer. “I know you like omo, but it sounds like you had an orgasm.”

Calming down, Ave wiped herself again, dressed, and opened the door. “We’ve got work to do.”

End of Chapter 1

*005*2020-03-17 22:36

Thanks for all your support guys. The next chapter is currently in the works, and hopefully every will see a rise in quality as I become a better writer.

*006*2020-03-18 12:26

Chapter 2

Brushing her red hair, Aveline overlooked her handiwork in her bathroom mirror. She was just about ready for the park concert, in jeans and a black overcoat. Satisfied, she grabbed her purse; inside was some toiletries, her phone, and the omopipes. She went downstairs, wondering. Weird that Dan would want to go to a concert. Opening the front door, she went outside where she saw a Prius waiting for her in the gravel driveway. Who’s that in the back? Dan rolled his window down.

“Hey Ave, I hope you don’t mind” he gestured to the back, where Lily was, “I brought Lily along too. She was actually the one who suggested this, and she agreed to inviting you. I don’t believe you’ve met?” At a loss for words, Aveline didn’t say anything. Lily opened her door and stood up, her skirt and blond hair moving in the cold fall air.

“I’ve seen you around” Lily shook Ave’s hand. “I’m Lily, it’s nice to meet you. Want to sit in the back with me?”

Recovering, Ave said, “Uh... Sure.” They both got in the back seat, and Ave closed the door behind them. Dan drove the car forward and soon they were driving along to Mayweather park.

Aveline fidgeted nervously with her hands, unsure of what to say. He set this up! I should’ve known. “So, Dan told me that you like music” Lily said. Ave looked at her.

“Well, yeah. I mean, I play the guitar a little.”

“Ave’s being modest” said Dan without taking his eyes off the road, “She’s fantastic. Just needs some more confidence.”

“Dan…”

“Don’t worry, everyone has something. Say, what do you listen to?” Lily looked at Ave, “You can tell a lot about a person from their preferences, you know”

“Um… Bon Jovi, Imagine Dragons, a little bit of everything. Hey, we’re here” The Prius drove into the parking lot, coming to a stop shortly thereafter. Everyone got out of the Prius, and they began to walk to the open field where the live concert would be. The stage was almost set up, and about 100 people were there.

“Hey Lily” Taking out a few dollars, Dan said “Hey Lily, can you get us some popcorn and soda?”

Lily looked at Ave and Dan. “Sure, I’ll be right back.” As she headed off, Ave turned on Dan.

“Explain”

Smiling knowingly, he said “I figured it would take you a while to make the first move.”

She rolled her eyes. “God, you have such a Hermione attitude, all smug and knowing and shipping your favorite couples.”

“Here you go” Lily handed the popcorn the Dan, and they sat down near the back of the crowd. Lights dimmed, and the curtains pulled back as the band yelled and cheered. A bubble machine went off, with several younger kids chasing down the bubbles. Loaded Diaper, the band on stage, had four members, all of them between 17-19 and wearing black clothing and many spikes.

As they began to play, Dan swiped the ompipes, pocketing them discreetly. For the past two weeks, Ave and Dan had experimented with the omopipes, ever since they’d discovered it’s potential. Using themselves, and Ave’s parents, as guinea pigs, they’d discovered a few things. The pipes don’t affect whoever is touching it when the button is pressed, they affect everyone within a ten-foot radius, and it takes 10 seconds for a person to reach their maximum (both with the sex drive and bladder buttons). Wisely, Ave had put a red tape on the sex pipe so that they were distinguishable.

“Never liked rock” Ave grabbed popcorn, “Too loud. And why the hell did they call themselves loaded diaper?”

“I know, right? Hey,” Lily looked at Ave, “I was wondering. I want to participate in a school fundraiser that’s in 2 weeks as a musician, but I wanted to do a duet” Hopefully, she continued, “Want to join me?”

“Sure, yeah I’ll do it.”

“Oh, thanks so much.”

Loaded Diaper had gone on for 20 minutes. Lily and Ave had been chatting together and found a mutual love for Platinum Games and music. Getting up, Dan said “I’m getting more soda. You girls want anything?”

“No thanks” replied Lily. He got up and walked past people to get to the concession stand, occasionally reaching into his pockets. By the time he got back, Lily and Ave, along with several in the crowd, had shifted their legs to accommodate their growing bladders.

“There wasn’t anything left, it was just manned by some kid with a cooler” As Dan slipped the pipes back into Ave’s purse, Ave realized that she really needed to pee. Ending spectacularly with a bang, loaded diaper yelled as a lady filmed nearby. The group got up, and Lily began to shift her legs and Ave looked around for a bathroom.

“You two okay?” asked Dan.

“Yeah, I just need to go to a bathroom” Lily looked towards the bathroom, which was packed with a long line of desperate people. “How does this many people need to pee?”

Searching, Ave nodded to a nearby copse of trees, “We can go over there, it’s densely packed so nobody will see us. Dan, can you wait over by the picnic table?” He nodded. The girls headed to the copse. How do I need to pee this much? Wait… She checked her purse, finding that the pipes were there. Weird.

Entering the trees, Lily put a hand between her legs as her bladder stretched. “Alright Lily, how about you…” Lily unabashedly took off her panties, squatted, and peed straight into the ground. Her panties quickly darkening in response to Lily’s open display, Ave frantically unzipped her pants and squatted too, peeing straight through her panties. They continued for several seconds this way, neither saying anything as they voided themselves.

Finishing with a sigh, Ave took some wipes out of her bag and cleaned herself, handing one to Lily too. Unnoticed by either, the omopipes fell out of the purse. “Thanks Ave…” Sliding her panties back up, Lily stood up next to Ave.

“Alright, let’s go back now.”

As they left the copse, Lily asked “So, what’s with you and Dan?”

“Oh, we’re just friends.” At Lily’s raised eyebrow, “No, really. He’s thoroughly uninterested in romance and sex, so we just hang out. Just likes me as a friend, and we get along. Even if he is a pain sometimes.”

“Okay” Satisfied, Lily walked back with Ave. Dan looked on, also satisfied at his handiwork as he saw the two girls more comfortable with each other.

As Greg packed up his concession stand, he noticed an object lying near a bunch of trees. Curious, he walked to it and picked it up, it was only a panpipe, and it didn’t even look like it worked. Disappointed, he picked it up and headed back. Maybe he could sell it to someone and say it was magic.

End of Chapter 2

*009*2020-03-22 15:03

Chapter 3

Haunted houses weren’t exciting for Aveline. They just lose a lot of their fright when you know the danger isn’t real. However, this was different. Windows sagged on the dilapidated old house in front of Ave, Lily, and Dan. It was nestled in the woods and challenged the classic haunted house stereotype by being only one floor high and made somewhere in the 80s. The sign outside said “Enter Tamlin

, pay a token, or pay with your virginity”

“This seems pretty spooky.” remarked Lily. “Don’t most ghouls ask for your soul, though?”

“It already defies stereotypes. Doubt the haunter cares about defying a few more. Anyway, if we’re right, and whoever’s inside has the omopipes, then we’re going to catch them.” said Dan.

Ave rolled her eyes “Since when does the backup act so heroic. Alright Lily, let’s go in”

After the concert, Ave hadn’t noticed that the pipes were gone until Lily had told her about rumors about a haunted house that stole your virginity in the woods. So, Ave had put together an expedition to get the pipes back.

Creaking, as all good spooky doors do, Lily and Ave entered the front. Dust and bare walls greeted them. Looking around, Lily noticed something.

“Look at this” Gesturing at the ground, she said “this spot has less dust than most of the floor. Something might’ve been moved recently”

“Meaning this place has been used lately” Moving on, there was one main hallway that branched off from the living room, and as they walked down it, they noticed that all the doors were slightly open. A bedroom, closet, bathroom, bedroom again. All of them were dusty though. As they walked through the house, after checking every last room, Lily slowly needed to go to the bathroom more and more.

“Ave, wait for me here. I just need to go to the toilet.” She gestured with her hands, signaling to keep a look out. Closing the door behind her, Lily slid her panties down and peed. However, as Ave waited outside the door, the girl’s hearts sped up.

From the living room, a figure in a ski mask came, holding the omopipes in his left hand. Pressing the button again, he advanced, slowly increasing the girl’s sexual desires.

Meanwhile Lily had already surrendered and climaxed herself into oblivion. Just as the masked man, who had a significant bulge in his pants, was about to approach (and Ave was struggling to keep from climaxing), Dan ran from around the corner and tackled the figure. They all fell down, Ave moaning and squirting into her pants, and the two others scrambling to grab the pipes. Succeeding, Dan stood up and held down both buttons for 15 seconds, backing away in the process.

Cautiously, he threw the figure into the closet, and locked it from the outside. Looking around at the aftermath, he realized all the cleaning that Ave and Lily would have to do once they regained consciousness.

“Glad to see that you’re awake”

Groggy, Ave sat up and looked around her. Her attention was drawn to her private parts, which felt wet and sticky. Looking up, she saw that Dan was fine except for a few scrapes. She looked over at the bathroom, where the door was open, and saw Lily standing up and caught her a glimpse of her hairy vagina under her skirt. Ave’s pants got a little sticker as Lily slid up her panties and walked out of the bathroom. Both girls looked rested and ready to confront the figure. Lily looked around. “Well, we’re a mess.” Despite it being at their expense, they laughed.

They walked over to the closet, and with the gang circling the opening, they opened it. The figure stepped out, a little less confident than before.

“Hehe…” He looked around for a sympathetic face. Finding none, he took off his mask. He was black haired and a little on the scruffy side.

“Hi. Okay, I know this looks bad, but I didn’t really take anyone’s virginity. Like, I never had sex with anybody.”

Stepping forward, Ave questioned “How did you get the pipes?”

“Oh, that… I got them from some kid trying to pawn them off. He didn’t really know what they could do.”

He continued his exposition. He had a hideout in this abandoned house, which he named Tamlin, and had moved his stuff downstairs (oh yeah, there was a secret trapdoor to get down there) when he repurposed the house.

“So, what now?”

“Well,” replied Lily, “He didn’t really do anything illegal. What if you let us use this place too?”

Visibly relaxing, “Sure. I’m Coby, by the way.”

“I’m Lily, and these are Dan and Ave.” And so, the gang found a place to hang out. Ironically.

One last thing remained to be resolved. As they said by to Coby and walked outside. Ave started “Lily?”

“Yeah?”

“Do you want to go to the movies with me? On a date?”

Lily raised an eyebrow. “What brought this on?”

“It’s fine if you don’t want to…”

Laughing, Lily said “Of course I want to! I think I know what made you courageous all of a sudden.” Puzzled, and then blushing, Ave listened as she continued. “Seeing me without panties really made you want more.”

“That’s not…”

Lily put her arm around Ave. “Don’t worry, after the movies, I’ll give you one of mankind’s greatest treasures. Hot, steamy sex.” They both smiled. “We don’t need any magical items for that.”

All in all, it was a good night.

End of chapter 3

*010*2020-03-28 17:46

EPILOGUE

The night was alive. Music played onstage and people drank and ate and talked freely. All things considered; it had turned out to be a wonderful night.

It had taken them a while, but Ave and Lily had mastered “Gerudo Valley”, and they played their hearts out onstage.

Ave had gotten the girl, learned to express herself, and grown as a person. There was only one thing left to do.

I approached Dan, who was standing to the side watching the concert.

“All’s well that ends well” I said walking up to him.

“So, did you predict all of this? Are you a time traveler? Dimension hopper, maybe?”

“Maybe. Give it back.”

Handing me the pipes, he remarked “So, that’s it? You leave forever?”

“Yep” I shook his hand. “I’m Taggio. Maybe we’ll see each other again.”

In the empty street next to the school, I pondered over my experiment. Animus magic was pretty useful, huh. Time to go though. Opening a wormhole, I stepped through to my next big adventure.

*013*2020-03-29 23:06

Thanks for the encouragement Drip and Melificentfan

. I've started working on Taggio's story, and it should be more or less as long as Aveline's story. I'll make that one a new topic of it's own though. I'll alert everyone here when the new story is out, and what it is called.

*014*2020-04-02 19:44

I decided to post the continuation here in order to make it much simpler. So, without further ado, I present Part 2 of the omopipes; Taggio's Story!

###

Chapter 1

Ave and Lily gave me the push, or rather, realization I needed. I’ll have to think more about whether or not to commit to my relationship.

After the whole experiment was done, I headed to a fantasy world. Nice place, and my portal led me to a mountain range; a town called Boulder City.

No. It’s not actually a city, and its wall looks made out of pebbles. Cloak buttoned, I headed for the town’s biggest trading outpost where Katherine was staying. Nodding to the shopkeeper, I headed upstairs and found Kat in her room.

Looking up, she asked “How did it go? Do they work?”

“Nice to see you too.”

“You know I care.”

I drew the pipes from my pocket and put it on the table. “They work. Even used it to get a couple together.”

Kat raised an eyebrow. “Really? You’ll have to tell me about that later.”

“Sure. Where’s the buyer? Uh… May was her name, right?”

“Probably out having a fun time. We’ll stay here tonight and if she’s not here by tomorrow, you can go get her.”

Later at night, we went to bed together. In the morning, I set out to find May, who was supposed to give us a book about her world’s magic system in exchange for the omopipes.

Looking out for her was a bit difficult. Kat told me her usual hangouts, and soon enough I saw a drunk blonde wandering around a small park. Kept stumbling and moving unevenly, so I walked up to her.

She just kind of mumbled, so I offered to support her and from there we began walking. However, as I was about to open a portal to take her back, she crossed her legs and spoke.

“Uh, stop here. I need to piss” Pushing off me, she slid up her long skirt to reveal quickly darkening panties. Squatting, she peed through her panties, eventually moving them out of the way. She went on for about half a minute, and then sort of fell to one side.

At this point, she was on all fours with her panties at her knees and her; I’ll be kind and say private parts, out in the open air. From there, she sobbed a bit and then passed out.

Before you ask, no. I didn’t do anything pervy to her. I might have gotten a bit hard, but I am human. I put her panties back in place, and then picked her up and took her through my portal. Hopefully, May won’t even remember this ever happened.

###

Can I please get feedback about my writing style? I notice that my writing doesn't go into as much detail as many omo stories here, and that's it short. What do you guys think? Does it hurt or help the story?

*016*2020-04-06 16:12

Chapter 2

People are still reading my story? That’s actually pretty cool. Maybe I can write stories about myself and sell them as high fantasy. Although, I suppose it was Ave, Lily, and Dan’s story at first.

I’m getting ahead of myself, aren’t I?

After meeting May, I let her sleep it off in the room me and Kat were staying at. She woke up, and since Kat had gone out to get supplies, I greeted her.

She looked around the bare wooden room, and then looked down as she presumably felt the state of her underwear. “How long have I been out?”

“Few hours. Aren’t you gonna ask who I am?”

“You’re probably Kat’s partner, Taggio” She stood up with a twinkle in her eyes. “Do you have the pipes?”

Taking them out, I handed them to her. “What do you even want them for anyway?”

“Kat hasn’t told you?” I shook my head. “I have this group gathering of kinky enthusiasts gather to have fun every now and then. We love sticking it to the man, you know?”

“Is it a sex cult?”

“No.”

“It’s just that I once met this wine cult whose whole thing was sticking it to the man. So… what about the book you were going to give us?”

“Oh, Rikahal has that. He’s also part of the kinks.” She picked up on my raised eyebrow. “Our group. Seemed fitting for a name. You can meet us there, and maybe join in on the action while you’re there. Two birds with one stone.”

After she left and Kat arrived, I told her what happened. Perhaps not too surprisingly, she wanted to go and join in.

“When was the last time we indulged ourselves?”

And so, that was how we ended up later that night in an alley ready to open a wooden door. When we went inside, we found 7 young adults already there, both men and women. They were only wearing trunks or some other type of loose underwear and sitting sort of in a semicircle. May got up to greet us enthusiastically. She’s probably getting more enjoyment from watching our reactions then actually getting boned.

“So glad you guys could make it. If you would just leave your clothes there…” We undressed and put our clothes in the box she gestured to.

As we sat down, May addressed the group, where she told them about the pipes. Oh, we had also given the kinks a magic charm we found in Chicago that prevented getting impregnated.

Anyway, then she explained what they did. They wrote sexual activities on notes, put them in a basket, and then you draw from it. You then do the activity with your partner. I mean, it’s elaborate, but okay.

First up came a couple, Julia and Richard, who’s activity was that their bladders would be filled with the omopipes, and then they would do various exercises until one of them peed. The loser would then have to remove the rest of their clothes and do another exercise until they peed.

After they were filled just enough to be desperate, but not lose control involuntarily, Julia asked Richard to squat for 20 seconds, but he overcame.

Richard then picked her up like a damsel in distress; he pressed her legs close to her and shook her, she squirmed and moaned until her panties grew wet. Standing up now, Julia clenched her les and thrust a hand into her lips until she stopped peeing.

For her punishment, she took of her remaining clothes. Richard had her go on all fours, and then pressed on her abdomen until she started squirting. Then, Rich spread her butt until her parts were laid bare, and Julia didn’t stop peeing for 30 seconds.

How were Kat and Taggio, you might ask? I thought it was pretty good, although Kat was much more excited. She has a thing for omorashi. After all, it was through her account on omo.org that I found Ave.

Of course, it’s also how I’m writing this story, so maybe you aren’t too surprised.

In any case, this was going to quite the climax.

Hah.

You gotta love puns.

*018*2020-04-07 18:00

Here it is! The end of Taggio's story.

###

Chapter 3

Here it is. The final chapter. Well, of this story, anyway.

There we were, and several other pairs of conventionally attractive people had had their turn banging each other.

Kat got the honors of pulling out the paper. It was…elaborate.

Basically, Kat would be filled and tied up, and neither of us could wear clothes. Then, she would have to hold on as long as she could, and when she leaked, I would bang her and see if she still held on.

Who comes up with this stuff anyway? Like, does someone sit down and think about this? I almost said that out loud.

For her part, Kat was excited. As we got into position, you could see how big her clit was swelling. She was filled, and so it started.

“How are you doing” I said nonchalantly after a few minutes. Kat was panting, and we were both excited.

“Just fine. Oh!” She squirted a bit, and I got prepared to start. For her credit, she probably would have peed by now if she wasn’t so excited.

As I entered her wet vag, she orgasmed almost immediately. Ejaculating, we both got high. After I finished, she peed quickly and powerfully. After that, we calmed down and smiled at each other.

Overall, it was a pretty good night.

After the merriment finished, sometime before midnight, Rikahal gave us the book. I mean, this world’s magic isn’t that strong, but it could still be interesting.

“Hey Kat” I told her the next day. “Do you mind if we meet up in Telluride? I have to pick something up in Cuenca, over in Ecuador.”

She looked puzzled but conceded. “What do you need to get, though?”

“I’ll tell you later”

There are some pretty cool benefits to portal mastery.

Although, you’re probably asking why Cuenca. They have excellent craftsmanship, and I need to get a ring for my proposal to Kat.

I’m thinking emerald, ruby, or sapphire.

Oh, and Telluride’s gorgeous.

###

Now, I was originally going to end the story here, but then I got inspired for one last story to round out the omopipes saga.

It will be a crossover continuation of "The Omopipes" & "Manon and the Magic Whistle" The crossover will be written entirely by me, and unfortunately, the author, vikka, has been out of touch and I have not been able to get her permission for this crossover.

For anyone who wants to read "Manon and the Magic Whistle", here's chapters 1

, 2

, 3 and onward

. It's a good story, even if Manon is probably a author self-insert and it has a lot of wish-fulfillment.

*020*2020-04-08 16:19

{{11 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fabulous read

}}

Thanks. I notice that you read a lot of stuff on omo.org, you have comments in a lot of stories. In any case, it's good of you to be vocal enough to encourage authors.

*022*2020-04-09 13:29

{{15 hours ago, Bismiris said:

I get that reference

}}

To be honest, I included more characters from the Wimpy Kid series there. Greg was the kid selling stuff, and Greg's mom was recording the concert.

*023*2020-04-13 01:49

So, without further ado, I present the crossover continuation finale of two series. Granted, this isn't the final chapter. By the way, can someone tell me if there's a way to find out how many people look at a story. I want to know how big my audience is.

One last thing. On rereading Manon and the Magic Whistle, I realized that everyone other than Manon and Ellen had similar names. Alden, Annita, Anouk, etc...

###

Manon was excited. More so than usual, I mean. You see, just that Friday morning, she had asked her friend Anita out on a date and she had accepted. They were going to the movies, and as Manon thought about all the antics she would get up to with the whistle, she got horny.

She got so excited, she decided to go walk in the park to find someone to jack off with. Whistle in her skirt’s pocket, she left the front door, calling out to her aunt Anouk that she was going on a walk.

Walking along she thought about all the good times that she’d had at the park, ever since getting the whistle a few months ago. Eventually, she found a backpacker around her age who was walking on a relatively deserted trail.

Following her into the covered trail, she took out the whistle and blew on the pee end. The girl ahead paused and crossed her legs but kept walking. Manon blew again, just enough to let the backpacker know that she had to stop now or risk wetting herself.

Quickly, the blond girl headed to the side and looked around to see if anyone was there; Manon hid just in time.

Taking off her backpack and putting it on the ground, she squatted and slid down her panties just in time. As she peed contently, Manon (her mimsy wet with lust, of course), walked up to the girl and blew hard on the lust and pee ends of the whistle.

Her stream renewing in strength, the girl started rubbing her pussy, with Manon joining in. Manon’s hand was drawn to the girl’s mimsy, while she drew the girl’s hand toward her own.

In her mind, the girl knew she should resist. She was peeing and horny in front of a total stranger, and she had a girlfriend? How could she face her after having sex with a total stranger! The whistle quickly eliminated that hesitation, however.

Very soon, the girls were both moaning and peeing in each other’s embraces, having orgasmed themselves into high heaven.

They eventually composed themselves and stood up. Warily, the blonde eyed Manon.

“I haven’t felt like that in a while. Not since… What’s your name?”

“Oh, I’m Manon.”

“Hm… Well, nice to meet you.”

Manon headed home to pick out her outfit, while Lily thought about her next steps in regard to this strange development.

