Overwatch Omo: Junkrat

Author: galacticg69

*000*2017-09-19 04:33

After raiding Japan and chugging as much to drink as he could, Junkrat was beginning to regret turning down Hog's offer to go to a bathroom earlier. It would be hours before they'd stop again. After just half an hour on the road, the scrawny man's sunken in stomach was bloated with an extremely full bladder. He grunted a bit, resting his normal hand on his stomach and gripping the edge of his sidecar with his metallic hand. This was going to be quite the trip...

It had been a little over three hours since they left Japan and Junkrat felt like he was going to explode. "Just a little bit longer..."he mumbled to himself rather loudly, getting an odd glance from his partner. He sat awkwardly, his legs tightly crossed as he leaned to his side. The pyromaniac bit his lip, breathing a bit heavy due to the aches of his filled bladder. He prayed he wouldn't piss himself in front of Mako, not knowing how his bodyguard would react to a twenty-five year old man having an accident. They pulled into the parking lot of a small motel, Roadhog parking the chopper there. Junkrat guessed they'd be staying at a place like that. They went inside and got a room, Roadhog leading him to it. Junkrat was ready to run to the bathroom but Roadhog grabbed his hand and stopped him. He pulled Jamison close, applying pressure to his full bladder without meaning. As Mako lifted up his mask, starting to kiss the younger man's jaw, a wetness began to spread in Junkrat's pants.

"Jamison, did you...?"Mako asked, letting his words trail off. Junkrat looked down, seeing the large wet spot.

"Uhm..."

