Fiona's Fluidic Fiasco (Sonic the Hedgehog)

Author: Guest

*000*2021-11-08 01:32

&&

Summary: After over four years of hanging with the wrong crowd, Fiona finally decides enough is enough and dumps Scourge. Now, stuck out in the wilderness with nowhere to go as a storm rages on, the vixen spots a small shack, an answer to her prayers. Little does she know, the shack belongs to a certain two-tailed fox, and after those three glasses of water she drank, she just might find herself in a troubling spot...

Notes: All characters involved in omorashi are age 18 or higher.

Copied from my AO3 account. Feel free to check it out here for a complete collection of my work! https://archiveofourown.org/users/Awsometime/works

“Well this is just... great!”

The shivering red vixen’s words were swallowed up by the howling wind and pitter-patter of rain on leaves and wood as she trudged through the dense forest. She looked up at the darkened sky, quickly regretting her decision as a raindrop from the powerful storm pelted her eye.

“Ah, damnit!” Fiona cursed as she stomped in frustration, kicking up a puddle of water and making herself even wetter. She cursed again.

“Of all the nights...” she began, her words being broken up by a shiver as her black, skin-tight top and pants did little to protect her from the cold. “Of all the nights that I could’ve chosen to dump that green asshole, why did it have to be on a night I didn’t check the weather?!”

Her tail swished angrily behind her as she continued her aimless trek, keeping her vulpine eyes peeled for any hint of civilization. But as the storm stretched out as far as she could see, her hope began to fade along with the last bit of muffled sunlight.

Fiona instinctually rubbed her arms, which only served as a way to mat her soaked fur. “Just need to… find somewhere for tonight.”

Right as the last of daytime faded, a slight twinkle beyond the trees caught Fiona’s eye. With a hopeful gasp, she trudged toward its source. She darted through the forest, almost colliding with several trees in the low light. But not a minute later, she stepped into a clearing.

The red vixen was now in what appeared to be some sort of ruins. The lush, green forest floor had almost immediately transitioned into barren rock, and she could finally see more than a few feet in front of her.

Though the odd rock formations and buildings in the distance would’ve otherwise intrigued her, Fiona was far more interested in the source of the light she’d seen. Sure enough, as she glanced atop a cliff not too far away, she saw a small, orange structure, sticking out amongst the ruins as the only modern looking building.

“Oh jeez, yes!” Fiona exhaled as the thought of a roof over her head lit an inspiring fire within her. She took off toward the building, being careful not to trip over a fallen pillar or one of many other discarded relics.

As the wind and rain continued their assault, the vixen finally reached the door and placed a series of determined knocks on its wood. “Hello, is anyone in there?” she called as steadily as she could. “Please, I’m stuck out here in the storm. I just need a place to stay until morning!”

She received no response, and the door remained locked, a barrier between her and protection. Fiona stepped back and growled, her frustration no doubt influencing her as she weighed her options.

The light pouring out of the windows on the side told Fiona that the place was, at the very least, not abandoned. At best, the little hut had no permanent occupant and was already inhabited by someone like her; At worst, whoever owned the place wasn’t interested in letting her in.

With another irritated growl, the fed-up fox made up her mind. “Well, either way, someone’s gonna learn to share tonight!”

Taking another step back, Fiona pushed off the ground and forward, bringing her leg out in front. Her booted foot made contact with the door, and its older lock gave way almost immediately. It swung open and slammed against the inner wall of the house, closing partially before Fiona grabbed and pushed it back.

After stepping inside and fervently shaking the water from her fur, the fox was greeted with about what she’d expected. Discarded machine parts littered a desk off to the left of the room, and a staircase was against the far wall.

“Hmph! Whoever owns this place, they’ve gotta work on their interior decorating,” scoffed Fiona as she sashayed in like she was the new owner. While observing a few more of the house’s features, she found herself clearing her throat rather often. This, along with the rain hammering the walls, made her realize something. “Man, I’m parched!”

Eyeing a sink she’d spotted earlier, Fiona strutted up to it and then started carelessly throwing open the cupboards above it. “Let’s see here… cups?”

Upon throwing open a cupboard beneath the counter, the vixen found what she was looking for. “Ah, there we are! ‘Bout time!”

To Fiona’s delight, the sink worked like a charm. It splashed a torrent of cold, clear water into her glass on demand, and soon, she was letting out a refreshed sigh as the last of it tumbled down her dry throat. She wiped off her lips before retrieving another glassful.

After two refills, the fox felt satisfied, and she dropped the cup into the sink.

The sink…

“Wait, what’s that?”

Fiona’s eyes shot back to a small design on the sink in a double take. They grew wide as saucers as she saw a familiar logo of two orange, white-tipped tails beneath the faucet.

“Don’t tell me this is-”

“A really bad idea on your part? Ok, I won’t tell you, then.”

Those youthful words were the last she heard before the impact of a hard object against the back of her head robbed her of her faculties. She stumbled back and collapsed into someone’s arms, looking up just in time to see a hint of orange fur before the last of her vision faded to black.

====

Fiona awoke with a start, darting her eyes every which way to take in her surroundings. However, a throbbing sensation on the back of her head brought her actions to a screeching halt. Instinctually, Fiona’s right hand tried to shoot up and cradle the wound, but it met resistance.

“Huh?” she exhaled as she looked back at her arms, only now finally starting to realize the situation she was in.

“Oh, you’re awake.”

The vixen knew that voice anywhere. Her mind raced to recall the logo she’d seen right before passing out, and her eyes followed the sound to an inevitable sight.

Leaning against the opposite wall, with his twin tails swishing behind him and a light scowl on his face, was none other than Miles Prower. He stared back at her restrained form, tied to a chair at her legs, waist, and hands, with locks around each of the ropes for good measure.

“T… Tails?!”

“Don’t call me that,” demanded the fox in swift retaliation. “Only my friends get to call me that.”

With a whirlpool of questions raging through her head, Fiona decided to ask the most important one, that being, “Tails, why am I tied up?”

The fox withdrew his gaze and let out a patronizing scoff. “Why wouldn’t you be? You’re the enemy.”

“Tails…”

“I told you, it’s Miles . Someone who runs around with Scourge is no friend of mine!”

“I…”

“No. I’m done hearing excuses. I’m done being treated like I’m just some dumb, lovestruck kid!” snapped Tails, baring his fangs as he took an authoritative step forward. “I don’t want to hear your lies anymore!”

“Tails, I dumped Scourge!”

“I’m sick of- what?”

With an annoyed sigh, Fiona rolled her eyes and replied, “I dumped that bastard today! That crap he pulled on Moebius was a step too far for me, and it made me realize how dumb I was being. Happy now?”

Tails’ mouth hanged agape for a moment, his powerful brain no doubt working overtime to make sense of Fiona’s words. For a moment, his face softened and his shoulders fell. The younger fox opened his mouth to speak, only to close it again.

As quickly as it’d come, Tails’ softer expression vanished in favor of a disgusted scowl. “No, I’m not ‘happy now’! You think, after all those years of manipulation and abuse, that you’re just gonna waltz in here and act like I should trust you?!”

“No! This was an accident!”

Tails gave an amused laugh in response. “Hah! I’m guessing that time you slapped me in the face and ripped my heart out was just an ‘accident’ too, right?”

“That was a mistake, that’s different!”

“Oh, of course it was!” mocked Tails, his eyes beginning to water. “Well, news flash, Fiona. Maybe four years ago, I’d have fallen for this trick, but guess what? I’m not a dumb twelve year old kid anymore!”

“I’m not trying to trick you, Tails!”

“Yeah, and Sonic isn’t blue!”

“Tails, listen to me!”

“I’d rather listen to claws on a chalkboard!”

“...”

An awkward silence settled over the room, with Tails refusing to take his eyes away from Fiona for even an instant as she struggled with what to say.

It was during this time that the vixen’s eyes widened in realization. She looked down at her lower body, recalling the three glasses of water she’d guzzled down Chaos knows how long ago. The liquid had begun to work its way through her, and it’d chosen the worst time to demand an exit, presenting itself as a mild pressure in her abdomen.

Oh, Chaos, how was she going to do this?

“Uh… Tails?”

“Miles.”

“Tails, please…”

The orange fox crossed his arms and averted his gaze with a stubborn scoff.

“Alright, fine. Miles,” began the vixen as she awkwardly fidgeted in her chair. “I know this isn’t the best time to bring this up, but… would you mind if I used your bathroom?”

The howling laughter Fiona received was about what she’d expected. She watched in annoyance as Tails held his stomach and wiped his eye with his free hand.

“Oh, goodness…” Tails began, recovering from his laughing fit and glancing down at Fiona. “Your little ‘I’ve changed’ plan failed, so now you’re hoping ‘please let me go potty’ will work?”

“Tails-” began the fox, cutting herself off and sighing as she realized growling his forbidden name would get her nowhere. “Miles, I promise, I’m not trying to trick you here. You saw me drink all that water before you clocked me!”

“Hmph!” grunted the two-tailed fox as his scowl remained on his face. “Well, I’m sure you can hold it until the Freedom Fighters get here.”

“When’s that?”

“Hah!” mused Tails, looking down at his arm where a teched-out watch was wrapped around his wrist. “Three hours, maybe four, depending on how long Sonic wants his beauty sleep to last.”

“Three hours?! There’s no way I can hold it that long!”

“You’re acting like I even believe you to begin with!”

“Grr… Miles!”

Fiona shifted in her chair. The ropes tied around her waist and constricting her bladder certainly weren’t helping her predicament. “Look, just let me piss real quick. After that, I’ll do whatever you want. Hell, I’ll tie myself back up for all I care!”

“And I should trust you, because…?”

The vixen opened her mouth to reply, only to shut it in an unfortunate realization. There really wasn’t a reason for Tails to trust her.

“That’s what I thought.”

====

By the time Tails had told her a little under an hour had passed, Fiona was growing desperate. The mild discomfort in her midsection had graduated to an ache, and her bladder protested with a stinging sensation every time she squirmed in her chair to try and find the most comfortable, and least straining, position. More than once, she’d caught Tails peering over to her with a softer expression. But it disappeared the second he realized she was watching him.

With her thighs already rubbing together in discomfort, Fiona figured she had nothing to lose from asking, “Miles, can we talk?”

“Your little dance isn’t convincing me.”

“Not about that!” Fiona rebutted.

“Then I have nothing to gain from talking to you.”

“Then just listen!”

“...”

With a sigh, and forcing her bladder’s concerns to the back of her mind, Fiona began, in the kindest tone she could produce, “Look, Miles. I understand why you’re upset. I would be, too! What I did to you, to everyone, for all those years, it wasn’t right!”

“Understatement of the century.”

“The point is, I’ve changed since then!” insisted Fiona, leaning forward in her chair, only to immediately wince in regret as the ropes pressed against her uncomfortably full bladder. “You said you were just a stupid kid four years ago, right? Well, so was I! I made a mistake, Miles, a big one!”

Fiona watched Tails’ face for any sign of a change, only to come up short. So, she continued, “After my choice to run off with Scourge, things just started to feel more and more… wrong! Like I was doing something stupid, but had no way out. Think about it. Scourge was all I had, Miles! What would you have done if I’d come crawling back to you back then? I think today’s a pretty good indicator!”

“We gave you multiple chances to change, and you blew it! You ask what we would’ve done? I don’t know, probably what you deserve!”

“And what do I deserve, Tails?”

The question’s weight crushed any desire Tails had to correct Fiona on his name. He stared back at her blankly, trying to muster up a response.

“Do I deserve to just be alone for the rest of my life, promising people I can change only to be thrown aside like I never can? ‘Cause it sounds to me like that’s exactly what you’re proposing!”

“Fiona, I…”

Tails’ words gave way to the storm still raging outside. The two stared with nothing but each other and the torrent of rain to keep them company. The vixen watched as hurt washed over his face.

“This is… really complicated,” conceded Tails, letting his gaze fall to the floor. “We’ve been enemies for so long, and for you to show up now and… you can’t just expect people to immediately trust you again, Fiona.”

“I’m not asking for that!” cried the vixen, lurching forward in her chair and wincing as her bladder shot waves of pain through her body in protest. “I’m just asking you for a chance.”

Fiona could’ve sworn she’d seen at least a dozen emotions all take their turn commanding Tails’ face as he stood in quiet contemplation. After what seemed like an eternity, the younger vulpine finally opened his mouth.

“I’m gonna need some time to think about this, Fiona.”

The vixen nearly bit her lip at the mention of the commodity she was hastily running out of. She stared down at her aching abdomen, weighing her options carefully. As much as she wanted to bring up her need for relief again, even beg him if necessary, she decided against it. The boy needed time, and bringing up her problem now might just make him even more suspicious.

With her mind made up, Fiona laid back in her chair and got as comfortable as she could.

====

As the minutes crawled by, Fiona felt her composure being hammered away at. Her legs rubbed together as best they could under their restraints, and she wished desperately that she could at least jam her hands in between them to hold herself.

She glanced longingly over at Tails, who had by now dozed off against the wall. Her bladder begged her to wake him, to call his name and beg him to let her out so she could make a mad dash for the bathroom, yank down her pants, and…

“Hngh!” whined Fiona, shaking herself from her fantasy before she wet herself then and there. Just a little longer, she thought. Tails was sure to wake up soon!

The jingling of the locks stirred the two-tailed fox. He pried his heavy eyes open and turned his attention to the vixen, who was now biting her lip and looking every which way.

“Fiona?”

Tails’ voice jerking her from her concentration didn’t help the vixen’s desperate state. Fighting the urge to immediately beg him for relief, she looked him in the eye. “T-Tails, you’re up!”

Tails took a moment to look Fiona up and down. Clearly, she was either in a lot of pain, or she was a damn good actress. Her bushy red tail jerked behind her as she fervently rubbed her legs together, and beads of sweat poured down her face.

“You weren’t lying about having to go, were you?”

“No!” Fiona couldn’t stop herself from blurting out as she squirmed desperately. “I didn’t bring it up before, ‘cause you were asleep, and I wanted to give you your time. But now I’ll ask again. Please , Tails, can I go take a piss?”

“And you promise, no funny business?”

“I’m about to do my ‘business’ all over your chair and floor if you don’t give me somewhere else!”

He stared at Fiona again, almost hoping he’d be able to find some hint of deception so he wouldn’t have to make the choice he was about to. “I don’t know…”

“Tails, I’ll behave myself, I swear! I’ll tell the Freedom Fighters everything I know, I’ll even rat out that bastard Scourge for you! Just please, let me take a damn leak!”

Whether the vixen was genuine about wanting to change, Tails didn’t know. But one more look at her fidgeting form made it clear to him that she wasn’t lying about one thing.

“Fiona, you’ve convinced me.”

The words came like an answer to Fiona’s prayers. She felt a wave of relief wash over her as she thanked Tails up and down.

“I’ll unlock your ropes.”

Fiona fell back in the chair and bit her lip with a whine. “Please, just hurry up!”

Tails strode over to his nightstand and jerked open the top drawer. He quickly scanned its contents, only for his eyes to widen in shock.

“Tails, what’s that look for?”

“I… thought the key was right here,” the fox muttered, looking back at his bursting captive, then back at the drawer.

“Oh no, don’t tell me you lost the key!” Fiona whined as pain erupted from her overworked bladder. “Please, Tails, find it. I’m about to piss myself over here!”

“C’mon… Think, Miles, think!” grunted Tails as he slapped his forehead, trying to retrace his steps. “I knocked Fiona out, brought her up here, locked the locks, then I got a drink of wa-”

Suddenly, the fox’s eyes grew wide as saucers. That was it, the sink! “Hold on, Fiona! I think I left the key downstairs!”

“I’ve been ‘holding on’ for going on forever now. I’m not gonna have a choice in the matter pretty soon!” barked Fiona as another bladder spasm brought her legs crashing together.

“I’ll be right back!” was the younger vulpine’s frantic response as he rushed out of the room and down the steps.

Now alone with her begging bladder, Fiona threw her head back and slammed her eyes shut, diverting all her strength to her bladder as it strained to hold back the ocean of contents locked inside her. “Oh… hurry, Tails, hurry!”

By the time Tails had bounded back up the steps with the key in-hand, Fiona was fit to burst. Her bladder’s begs had graduated to plain demands, and she was seconds away from just giving up and soaking her pants and the furniture beneath.

“Fiona, you’ve got to stop moving your legs so I can get the lock!”

“Oh… alright!” moaned Fiona. The second Tails unlocked the rope and it fell slack to the floor, her legs pounced overtop of one another, crossing with all their might as they bounced in unison.

“Just two more, Fiona. Hang in there!” Tails moved onto her waist, sliding the key in and twisting before jerking the lock off.

The desperate vixen gasped as the ropes previously constricting her fell, allowing her already-full bladder to stretch even further. Hopefully, the momentary relief of pressure would be enough…

Fiona awkwardly stood up and jammed her legs together, fervently shifting her weight between them as Tails went for the last lock. The temptation to yank down her pants and soak the young inventor’s floor the second she was free was overwhelming. But she couldn’t do that to him now.

“Alright, Fiona. That’s it!”

Her hands wasted no time in flying to her crotch to hold back the coming flood, she danced in place as she shot her gaze over to Tails.

“Tails. Bathroom. Where?!”

“First door down the hall to the right.”

Fiona didn’t waste a second more. She knew a controlled hobble to the bathroom was out of the question. She was going in the next ten seconds, pants or not. With that in mind, the vixen took off in a mad dash toward the door.

She felt the last of her restraint failing as she darted into the room and threw on the light, not even bothering to shut the door behind her. Then, her eyes fell upon the most beautiful sight she’d ever seen. The toilet sat against the far wall, practically calling on her to fill its vacancy.

“Ugh… I’m gonna fucking piss myself if I wait any longer!” she cried with a violent shiver as she grabbed her leggings and yanked them down. With her privates now exposed to the open air, her bladder finally gave up its fight. Rather than try and quell the light trickle of clear pee now trailing down her leg, Fiona dashed forward and jerked the toilet seat up before collapsing forward onto the bowl.

Fiona’s beyond-full bladder needed no invitation to start releasing its hours worth of stored up contents. A mighty torrent of clear urine rushed out from between her legs and crashed into the awaiting water below. Both this sound, however, and the raging storm outside, paled in comparison to what poured out of the vixen’s mouth.

“Hahhh… finally!” Fiona moaned in ecstasy as every second worth of pent-up stress and pee cascaded from her. Her bushy tail swished off the edge of the toilet as she filled the room with her delightful exhales.

In a final resignation, Fiona let her body collapse forward onto the rear of the toilet. She closed her eyes and donned an airy smile as the torrent continued. “This feels... so fucking good,” she breathed, her words being broken up by one of many sighs of relief.

The waves of ecstasy now surging throughout her body was a feeling she never wanted to end. But alas, after what felt like an eternity of bliss, her stream began to slow. First to a trickle, and then to a few drops, and with one last sigh of unparalleled relief, Fiona felt the last of her urine empty from her body.

“Ugh, thank goodness he believed me…” breathed the alleviated vixen as she stood up from her awkward position on the toilet and reached for the toilet paper. After cleaning herself up, Fiona turned toward the entrance, only for her eyes to widen in realization.

“Oh, Chaos!” In a burst of speed, Fiona yanked her pants back up and dashed out of the bathroom, only to shoot her gaze down the hall and see Tails standing at the end of it, blushing madly and refusing to make eye contact with her. “Tails! You…”

“You forgot to close the door…” was the fox’s embarrassed response as Fiona strode up to him.

“Yeah, I noticed.”

As the two stood there awkwardly, Fiona eyed the chair, suddenly recalling their deal. “Oh, right…”

“Hmm?”

Fiona seemed to ignore him, instead opting to stride over to the chair and sit back down in the pose she’d left it in. “Remember? I promised I’d go right back to here once I was done, so go ahead, Tails. Tie me up again.”

At that moment, Fiona couldn’t have guessed what was going through the young fox’s head. But his response certainly wasn’t one of her guesses.

“There’s no need for that.”

“Wh… what?”

Tails responded with an awkward chuckle. “After all you just went through, and all I’ve seen, just you offering to be tied up again is enough to earn at least a little trust from me.”

A warm smile washed onto Fiona’s face as she rose from the chair and strode up to Tails. The boy retreated for a moment, but quickly found himself in the taller vixen’s arms.

“Thank you, Tails. That means a lot to me,” smiled Fiona as she broke their embrace and bent down to reach eye level. “In fact, I think for that, you deserve something I should’ve given you a long time ago.”

Tails felt his entire body freeze stiff as he stared into Fiona’s approaching eyes. Adrenaline coursed through his veins as she grasped his shoulders and pulled him in, closing her eyes as her lips met his. The fox hardly wanted to believe it. But the warm, blissful feelings now echoing through his body confirmed it.

Fiona Fox was kissing him.

After they broke away, Tails told his lips to move, to say anything at all.

“Mwaa… huh?!”

“Just a little something to show my gratitude,” Fiona replied with a light, yet devious tone that drove Tails further up a wall. “Well, aside from the one you already got.”

Tails raised his eyebrow. “Already got? What do you mean?”

Fiona’s next sentence would drive a mad flush onto Tails’ cheeks that would give her own fur’s redness a run for its money.

“Silly fox, you got to make a woman moan.”

