Reese’s Best Night In Centuries (Everhood)

Author: Goober57

*000*2024-01-09 06:57

A/N Minor spoilers for Everhood. If you haven’t played it, I highly recommend it. The story should still make sense whether you’ve played it or not though. Also, I know that Reese is more feminine, but the game refers to them with they/them pronouns, so that’s what I’ll be using.

Reese had been working behind the counter at the club for a few hours now, as they did every night. One of the downsides of being immortal is that eventually, you start to get bored of your routine. Every night, the same people would come in, blow some Shmuckles on a few drinks, dance, and leave, which got a bit predictable after doing the same thing every night for eons. They’ve been at it for so long that they’ve pretty much completely forgotten what their job even is. They thought it must be some sort of security job since they were stationed right by the door, and no one had yelled at them for doing anything wrong so far, so they figured it’s nothing too important. Another downside of being immortal, at least for Reese, is that their bladder is still just as small as it was before they gave up their humanity.

They felt a small twinge in their lower regions, and they knew what was happening. After all, it had happened every night for as long as they could remember: their bladder was filling up rapidly. Earlier tonight they had gotten a couple drinks from Barbot with some of the leftover Shmucks on their paycheck, and now, as usual, they’d come back to bite them. Alcohol had always gone right through them, which was a bit of a problem when you work in a club. 

Another thing that regularly became a problem was that there wasn’t a single bathroom in the building. Reese tugged at their tie anxiously before crossing their legs. On any other night, they would walk outside and pop a squat in their usual spot in the alley next to the club, something they’d mastered doing over time. But tonight, they just couldn’t bother to get up. They were too comfortable in their chair, and they didn’t want to ruin the groove they had been sitting in by getting up. Besides, they didn’t have to go too badly, and they figured they could hold it for a while as long as they didn’t do anything that would make their situation worse. They promised themself to not drink anymore before they got up and peed. They also figured that holding it might finally give them something to take their mind off of work and life for a night.

Another hour passed, and Reese had already broken their promise to themself. They cracked open a few cans of beer, watched the dancers for the first time in a while, and had a good time. Their bladder, however, was not having a good time. A small drip dampened their panties, alerting them back to their pressing need. They hadn’t realized how bad it had gotten over the last hour, but now that they had noticed it, they couldn’t take their mind off of it. "Okay," Reese thought to themself, "I’ll wait a few more minutes, and then I’ll go take a piss." To tell the truth, they didn’t really want the feeling of desperation to end.

They got back to their chair behind the counter, their knees now turned inward and their hands gripping the front of their skirt. They squirmed, hoping to be able to hold on for a few minutes longer. Their drunkenness made them lose control for a second, sending a small stream of urine down their legs, their stockings soaking it up. They squeezed their groin harder, and before they knew it, their shift was over, so they finally decided to clock out and walk out to their usual spot, just as they did every night.

They squeezed past the Stone Guard that worked as a bouncer and turned the corner, waddling and stumbling into the alley. They found their personal favorite spot for relieving a full bladder, a spot on the wall that now had permanent stains from being used by Reese as a makeshift toilet so many times. They chuckled at the writing on the wall made with permanent marker saying “Reese was here” with an arrow pointing to a recent-looking stain on the bricks, complete with a little doodle of a smirking purple haired humanoid squatting with a stream coming from between their legs and making a puddle on the ground. They remembered writing that about a month ago, when they were bored while taking a particularly long piss after holding it for way too long, which reminded them of their current situation. Another leak escaped, one much bigger than the last few. Reese got jolted out of their memories, and it took about five seconds for them to stop leaking.

Bringing their mind back to the present, they started their usual steps for preparing to pee. They pulled down their stockings to their ankles to avoid getting them even more soaked, adjusted their tie, checked to make sure no one was watching, pulled down their ruined panties, lifted their skirt up, squatted down, and…

Lost their balance, fell on their ass, and started peeing immediately, their unshaven nether regions on full display. The relief was overwhelming, and they couldn’t help but let out a moan that was way louder than they wanted it to be. They laid down on their back, savoring the pure ecstasy they felt. They continued to let out a strong stream that lasted about five minutes, creating a small yellow pond in the alleyway that reached from the wall they were aiming for to the one seven feet across from it. Reese panted in exhilaration, chuckling a bit.

They realized after a while that they were lying in their own puddle, and that their entire outfit and hair were completely soaked. They stayed there for a few minutes, still shocked at how much liquid their bladder was holding. They couldn’t tell if it was just the alcohol making them feel this way, or if they had actually realized something about themself that they didn’t know for eons, but something about the whole “holding their piss until they burst” thing felt strangely good. They might’ve finally found something new to shake up their routine. At least, until they get bored of it after a few hundred years.

