Tales of a Student Teacher

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2016-08-14 16:04

When 23 year-old Rose Manning first got into teaching, she was warned about various aspects of the job. The pay isn't good enough, the workload is overwhelming, the kids are bastards - all warnings which Rose was all too familiar with. Fresh out of university, she had been lucky to find herself a job helping out with music lessons at a comprehensive school in south London. As a student teacher, she didn't expect to take many classes to start with, however she was excited about many of the opportunities for her to improve her skills, for instance, she had been put in charge of running the lower school choir for the upcoming term.

She finally felt like an adult, working a full time job, living in a small flat with one of her best friends from school, eating properly cooked meals rather than the diet of Pot Noodles and takeway curries she enjoyed at university. She woke up on the morning of her first day feeling like she was ready to begin her new life. She'd finally got out of a fairly miserable fourteen month relationship with a guy who studied music with her at uni, and she felt free to meet new people, to start enjoying herself again.

Rose had never been much of a morning person, but the adrenaline got her straight out of bed once her alarm rang at 6:00. Of course, the fact she was bursting for the loo also helped quicken her decision to climb out of bed and into the bathroom. She sighed as she emptied her bladder into the toilet, whilst doing the normal check of all her social media profiles at the same time. Wiping herself, before flushing the toilet, she began to shower, enjoying the sensation of the warm water on her barely blemished skin, as she ran shampoo through her luscious blonde hair. Though Rose was too modest to admit it, she really was beautiful, with her long blonde hair and stunning figure.

She often found herself being cat-called on the streets by perverts, and leered at by 17 year old virgins, while she'd also been warned not to tolerate any of that sort of behaviour from the pupils she would be teaching in the upcoming months. Feeling sufficiently clean, she turned the shower off and began to dry herself. Rose opted for a tight black skirt, black tights and a smart white shirt, eager to make a good impression on the first day. After she finished getting ready, Rose headed downstairs, made herself a coffee and put the radio on. Dancing along to the music as she buttered her toast, her housemate Ellie came into the kitchen.

"Someone's in a good mood!" Ellie exclaimed, wearily rubbing the sleep out of her eyes.

"I'm just so excited, I really feel I can make a difference to these kid's lives!" Rose answered, taking a long slip of her coffee afterwards.

"Fuck off Rose, you sound like an advert for the clinically deluded," Ellie moaned, running her hands through her long brown curly hair, still messy from the night's sleep.

Rose just lifted her middle finger in response, as she swigged some more coffee. Rose loved Ellie, she really did, but her pessimistic attitude didn't half irritate her. But then again, maybe that's just what she needed, someone to keep her grounded. Ellie had spent the last two months telling Rose how much she'd hate teaching, which she had managed to ignore for the most part. Of course there was an element of nervousness for Rose, but she was determined to flush out that feeling with positivity. Finishing her coffee, she gathered her things together, and headed towards the door.

"Have a good day at work Ellie!" Rose shouted.

"I won't," Ellie replied.

"Don't you have anything to say to me?" Rose tried to press her housemate for some words of encouragement.

"Don't cry on the first day," Ellie sarcastically responded.

Don't cry on the first day. Solid advice, Rose thought to herself, as she closed the door behind her. It was still just about summer in England, so the walk to the tube station was perfectly pleasant, as Rose began to mentally prepare herself for the day ahead. Okay so it's assembly this morning, then Year 8 music first two lessons, then choir at lunch. God, I wonder what the Year 8's will be like, they were always the worst year when I was younger. Rose continued to think through the walk, before she found herself at the tube station. She heard the train coming in, so she quickly ran towards the platform, and jumped on a tube packed with commuters. This wasn't how she pictured the start of her new London life, crammed into a small metallic train with 50 other sweaty strangers.

After twenty minutes she found herself at the right stop, so she ungracefully elbowed her way out of the carriage, and onto the platform. Rose found herself swept up by the sea of commuters, heading towards the exit door. As she slowly moved out of the station, her eye was drawn towards the sign for the ladies toilets. Ooh, I could really do with a wee, she thought to herself. However she didn't want to be late, and besides, she wasn't going to pay 30p for the privilege to do something she could do for free in less than half an hour.

After a short walk, she found herself at the gates of her new school. She took in her surroundings, the faint smell of weed, the five Year 10 kids aggressively hitting a football against the wall, the worn down school building in all its glory. It wasn't exactly Hogwarts, but shit, it was an actual school that actually wanted her. She looked at her watch, 8:17am, she was running slightly late for her meeting with the headteacher. She asked a surly looking teenager to point her in the direction of the headmaster's office, and began to walk down to begin her life as a student teacher. She found the office easily enough, and noticed the ladies toilets right next door. Perfect, I'll duck in here quickly before the meeting. However just as Rose was prepared to make her way to the loo, she was interrupted by a voice.

"Miss Manning, welcome, I was beginning to think you'd changed your mind," the headteacher joked, with a hint of passive-aggression in his voice.

Alright, I was only four minutes late you dick. "Mr Williams, thanks so much for the opportunity, sorry, the commute took slightly longer than I expected, new to London and everything!" Rose laughed.

"Don't worry, I understand. Shall we go through?" Mr Williams asked.

Rose debated asking if she could go to the loo first, but she didn't want to piss off the head on her first day. She wasn't that desperate yet, as long as she could relieve herself soon. "Sure!"

After ten minutes, Mr Williams led Rose to the staff room to meet the rest of her new colleagues. Rose didn't quite pluck up the courage to ask if she could go to the toilet after leaving the head's office, and the effect of the coffee from that morning was beginning to take its toll. At uni, Rose had been the subject of mockery for her tiny bladder. When out in the evenings, Rose was always the first one to find herself in desperate need of relief, and on occasion, she had even resorted to peeing in darkened alleyways, or in one instance, in an empty water bottle on the deserted top floor of the no. 68 bus.

In her adult life, she had only wet herself twice, once was during Glastonbury when she was 19, when she was in the queue for the toilet and holding it became too painful, while the other time was during a hockey match at uni, where she had a full bladder hit with the full force of a hockey stick. To this day, that was one of the most embarrassing days of her life, and while her friends were all sympathetic, she hadn't played hockey since, despite being twice player of the year for her university. Since realising just how small her bladder is, Rose had always made sure to use the toilet whenever one was available, even if she didn't really have to go that badly.

"So everyone, I'd like to introduce you to Miss Manning, who will be joining us as of today. She will be assisting our music teachers, as well as taking some of the extra curricular clubs too. I'm sure you'll make her feel very welcome. I need to go and prepare for assembly now; Mrs Tyler, would you be able to show Miss Manning the ropes from here?" Mrs Tyler nodded, warmly grinning at Rose, as the head left the room.

"Hi Rose, great to see you again, how are you doing?" Mrs Tyler asked. Beth Tyler was a brown haired woman in her early thirties, who had met Rose during her interview.

"Oh really well thanks, so excited to get stuck in, I've been looking forward to this for a while." Rose politely sipped on the cup of coffee the head gave her in his office.

"Oh that's lovely to hear. So it's whole school assembly in a few minutes, then I hear you're going to be helping me with my Year 8 class, is that correct?" she asked.

"Yes, so hopefully a nice easy start for me," Rose laughed, trying to gauge Beth's reaction to that comment.

Beth laughed nervously "They can be a challenging bunch, but don't worry, it's your first day, I wouldn't expect you to have to deal with them alone yet."

"Oh that's a relief." The thought of relief reminded Rose of her nagging bladder. "By the way, where are the toilets in here?"

"They're just round the corner there," Beth pointed them out to her. Rose finished the last of her coffee, then wandered over to the loos. She pushed the door, but to no avail. Fuck, someone's in there. She crossed her legs as she stood next to the adjacent wall, waiting for the occupant to finish so she could relieve herself. The first coffee had hit her bladder, and now she was pretty desperate to go. She certainly didn't want to leave it too much longer, as the second coffee would make its way down soon. Looking at her watch, she realised it would be assembly soon, and she'd rather sit through that crossing her legs, than miss the start of it and get into trouble on her first day. She reluctantly made her way round the corner, to see Beth waiting for her.

"Better?" she asked.

"Sorry? Oh yeah, much better thanks," Rose replied. Why did I say that? I'm going to look like I have the bladder of a three year old if I go before break now. You idiot.

"Great, these assemblies are pretty boring most of the time, but they're only once a week at least," Beth joked. As the two headed into assembly, Rose began mentally working out a way to get to a toilet without seeming like she had a bladder condition. For now, she would just have to hold it.

*002*2016-08-14 19:41

God, she was right, those assemblies are boring. And so long, no one needs to talk that much. Rose and Beth were walking towards the music classroom, when they walked past the ladies. "I'll be right with you, I just need to get a tissue," Rose attempted to go into the ladies.

"Oh no, it's okay, I've got tissues in my handbag. Also, teachers and students aren't really supposed to use the same bathroom," Beth kindly handed Rose some tissues, unknowing that what she actually desperately needed was a trip to the loo.

"Oh okay, for future reference, where are the other staff toilets then?" Rose coyly asked, trying to disguise the fact she really had to go quite badly now.

"Apart from the ones in the staff room, the only other ones are the other side of the school, by the history classrooms."

"Wow, that's a long way to go just to use the loo," Rose exclaimed, now trying to hide her despair.

"I know, I only use the toilets there when I'm bursting anyway. It's a nightmare during classes as well, because obviously you can't leave them unattended for ten minutes. I mean you shouldn't really leave them unattended at all of course, but it's a lot easier to leave them on their own for two minutes when the toilets are right next door," Beth ranted. "I've told them so many times that both sets of toilets are on the other side of the school, but no one seems willing to do anything about it. For now, we just have to cross our legs." Rose grimaced at how true that sentence was at that point.

Rose's mum always used to tell her that good children should be seen and not heard. She wondered what her mum would think of the sound made by the Year 8 class outside the classroom. She'd seen wild animals act more civilised than the circus of school children waiting for a music lesson. Beth didn't look too impressed with the behaviour either.

"CAN I HAVE SOME QUIET PLEASE?" Beth yelled, switching into teacher mode very suddenly. Two boys continued to talk. "Sorry, was I not clear enough? STOP TALKING OR YOU WILL LOSE YOUR BREAK TIME. I hoped you'd all have matured after a summer off from school, but it seems not."

"Sorry Mrs Tyler," the class responded creepily in unison. Rose anxiously twisted her legs over as another warning jolt came from her bladder. The class shuffled in one by one, and Rose followed in behind.

"Class, this is Miss Manning, she's going to be helping you for the next year, so if you get stuck with anything, she'll be able to give you a hand. She's also here to help me, and if she sees any of you misbehaving, she will let me know about it," Beth sternly told her class. "I'll let her introduce herself now."

Shit, put me on the spot a bit there... "Uh okay, hi everyone, I'm Miss Manning, I'm really looking forward to meeting all of you properly, and helping you with your music. If you all work as hard as you can, I know we're going to get on great!" The students just stared at her blankly.

"Okay, so today we're going to be looking at film music, so I'd like you to get into pairs, and talk about your favourite music from films. Me and Miss Manning will be coming round to check on how you're doing," Beth instructed her class.

Rose and Beth scoured the classroom, talking with the kids about the best music from films. The answers were fairly predictable, some said Star Wars, some said Harry Potter, some said Indiana Jones, but Rose was having a tough time concentrating on the conversations, instead focussing on her now rapidly filling bladder. Rose found herself adopting a crouched down sort of position to talk to the children, so she could make eye contact during conversations, however this put a lot of pressure on her bladder, and in this position, she was unable to cross her legs.

Furthermore, the crouch was similar to the one she knew all too well from her university days, when she'd be so desperate for the loo, she'd just crouch down and release outside. Subconsciously, her holding muscles wanted to relax, but wetting herself in her first lesson wouldn't exactly be a great start. Rose looked at her watch, it was still over an hour before she could use the toilet, and the second cup of coffee was now making itself known. Come on, you can hold it, your bladder isn't that small. Just get through this, then pee.

"Okay class, now I've got a treat for you, we're going to listen to some film music. But don't go to sleep, because I want you to write down all the instruments you can hear in each section. I need to take a phone call now, so Miss Manning is in charge until I get back. If any of you misbehave, there will be serious consequences, do you understand?" Beth warned the class.

"Yes Mrs Tyler," the class replied.

What happened to not leaving me on my own??? Okay relax, all you've got to do is play the CD. "Okay guys, are you all ready?" she asked.

"Miss, how old are you?" one kid asked.

"That has nothing to do with the work you've been asked to do, I'm going to play the CD now," she tried to sound authoritative, which was difficult with her bladder resting like a ton of bricks on her abdomen.

"Have you got a boyfriend, miss," another girl asked.

"Right, any more questions like that and you're all staying in at break," Rose angrily snapped at the children.

"Miss, can I go to the toilet?" one girl put her hand up.

"No, you're twelve, you can hold it," Rose harshly told her. If I can't pee, you can't, sorry.

"Please miss, I'm busting!" she pleaded. Rose felt bad, she did look genuinely desperate to go.

"Go on then, you've got two minutes," Rose relented, perhaps owing to her past experiences. When she was twelve, she peed herself in class once, and the bullying afterwards was horrific. She couldn't live with herself if the same happened to someone else.

"Thanks miss," the girl ran out of the classroom, clearly on the verge of an accident herself.

"Right, now I'm going to play the CD now, no more interruptions," Rose pressed play on the CD, sat down, and instantly dug both hands into her crotch to remove some of the mounting pressure. Her legs were tightly crossed, and she could barely sit still. It was a good job no kids could see under the table, because it was completely obvious that she badly needed to piss. About ten minutes passed, and Beth still hadn't returned. Rose noticed some kids talking, and while she didn't particularly want to have to stand up and deal with it, she also didn't want a reputation for being soft.

"Do you two want to share your conversation with the rest of us?" Rose asked, bringing out one of the oldest teaching cliches in the book.

"No miss," one of them sheepishly answered.

"If I see you two talking again, you'll both be staying in during break," Rose sternly warned them.

"She's not going to actually do anything," Rose heard one of the boys mutter to the other.

Right, I'll show him. "Unlucky, you two just lost your break."

"But miss...." the spiky ginger haired boy protested.

"Unless you want to discuss it with Mr Williams?" Rose slyly asked them.

"No miss," they responded in unison.

Shortly after, Beth returned, and Rose was able to take a back seat again. Rose explained to Beth about the two boys who were staying in at break time, and the more senior teacher seemed impressed with how the youngster dealt with the situation. Rose would have probably been more grateful for the praise if she wasn't absolutely bursting for a wee. But she was resilient, and as the clock drew closer to eleven, Rose was confident she'd make it to the toilet in time. Nonetheless, she wasn't taking any chances, so she kept everything clenched as much as possible. The bell rang, and Rose had to stop herself from running out of the classroom, and making a beeline to the loo. She was so desperate for the loo that she couldn't stop herself squirming excessively when Beth dismissed the class. Rose got to the door, and just as she was about to run off to the toilet, Beth grabbed her.

"Rose, would you mind staying in and watching Max and Tom during break, I'm absolutely dying to go to the loo," Beth did look on the verge of bursting, hopping from side to side, and eyes constantly darting around the corridor.

"Right, it's just I really really need to go as well," Rose admitted, bending her knees and bouncing up and down.

"Please, you can go as soon as I've finished, I've not had a chance to go all day, and if I wait any longer, I might wet myself," she whispered, the desperation evident in her voice.

Yeah, you're not the only one. "Okay, please please be quick!" Rose begged.

As Beth darted off, Rose walked back into the room, hoping she could hold it. "Okay boys, I want you to write 250 words on 'Why I shouldn't talk during class," after that, you can go."

Fuck, why did you have to keep them in at break? You're 2/2 for terrible decisions today, nice one. God, my panties feel damp, really hope that's not pee. Max took a long swig of water, and at almost the same time, Rose's resolve began to slip, as a drop of pee leaked into her panties. Fuck it, this is too painful, I'm going to need to let some of this out. Rose tried to relax, to ease some of this fairly intense pain, but when she wanted it to, her bladder refused to relax. Okay, that's fine, you're just going to have to hold it for a few more minutes then.

The signals her brain was sending to her bladder seemed to be getting mixed up, as without warning, the floodgates started opening. A long spurt of wee made its way out of her urethra, thankfully not enough to leak out of her skirt yet, but enough to leave her knickers feeling very damp. Oh my God, this can't be real, this can't be real. Not on my first day. Having already released some, the pain to release the rest was almost excruciating, but there's no way she could let the students know she'd had an accident.

There was no way she could stand up, the second she stopped applying all possible pressure on her peehole, the torrent would be unstoppable. As the pain once again became too much, she began wetting herself, releasing her pent-up wee as slowly as possible. She felt the wee soak her panties completely, while it dripped down her tights, down into her shoes. A few drops of pee ran off the chair, causing a splashing sound on the ground, both boys looked up, but luckily didn't notice anything. Her bladder was nowhere near empty, but she could relatively comfortably hold it for the next few minutes.

Both boys handed in their mini-essays, and left the room, much to Rose's relief. With nothing to hold on for anymore, she released the rest of her urine, sobbing into her arms at the same time. Her tights were absolutely saturated, while there was a large puddle on the floor, and on the chair where she had been sitting. Don't cry on the first day. Rose smiled bittersweetly, Ellie's words of advice that morning proved to be prophetic. Beth came in at that point, and looked at Rose with a look of pity and guilt.

"Oh Rose, I'm so sorry, I didn't realise how much you needed to go," Beth apologised.

"What am I going to do? I can't teach anyone like this," Rose cried.

"Don't worry, we'll work something out, it'll all be okay," Beth came over to give Rose a hug, while trying to avoid stepping in the puddle of piss on the floor. It had been a fairly traumatic first morning, but at least things could only get better.

*003*2016-08-14 21:48

For the second time that day, Rose found herself in the shower. What a shit first day, she thought to herself. Wet myself in front of a colleague, had to spend the rest of the day wearing some lost property trousers whilst stinking of piss, and almost broke into tears during a year 7-9 choir rehearsal. New life, same old bollocks. However she did feel significantly better now that she was clean again. Her moment of serenity was interrupted by a loud banging.

"Rose, open up, I'm gonna piss myself here," Ellie yelled, continually knocking on the door, while dancing around outside to stop her bladder exploding dramatically.

"I'm busy, can't you wait?" Rose asked. If she does wet herself, at least my story won't be so embarrassing.

"You're cleaning it up if I piss myself," Ellie shouted, continuing to try and hammer the door down. "Come on, it's not like I've never seen you naked."

"Okay, I'm done now anyway," Rose stepped out the shower, unlocking the door.

"Thank God," Ellie exclaimed, as she ripped off her black trousers, pulling her red panties down with them. She moaned in relief as the pee flooded out of her like a hose, the torrent of water splashing into the bowl. "You have no idea how much I needed that," Oh trust me, I can imagine..., Rose thought. "I mean, that can't be legal, the toilets at Pret were broken all day, so the only place we could piss was this scabby portaloo, and I'd rather wet myself than use one of them."

Rose nodded along, slightly in awe of Ellie's bladder. After two coffees, it took Rose five hours before she couldn't hold on any longer. Ellie had had at least two coffees that morning, and had lasted ten hours before reaching breaking point. Ellie continued her epic wee, clearly so so relieved. "Bloody hell, how much have you drunk today?" Rose asked.

"Two cups of coffee, a bottle of water and a coke," Ellie exclaimed, as her stream finally died down to a trickle, and then nothing. "Oh my God, that was better than sex. I've been desperate since eleven, a woman gave up her seat on the bus home cause she thought I was pregnant." Ellie wiped herself, flushed the loo, and pulled her trousers back up. "How was your day?"

###

"So you wet yourself after two coffees??" Ellie laughed. Bloody hell, can I at least have a bit of sympathy? Rose thought to herself. "Fuck, is your bladder the size of a peanut or something?"

"It's not funny, it was really embarrassing for me," Rose started to well up with tears again.

"I'm sorry, it is a bit funny though, you have to admit," Ellie could barely contain her laughter.

"This is why I don't tell you things," Rose cried.

"Aw Rose, I'm sorry, you're right, you've had a shit day, I should be more supportive," Ellie answered. "In fact, I think I can help you."

"Can you turn back time, and make this day never happen?" Rose asked.

"Ha, no. But I can help you get a stronger bladder, to stop this ever happening again, if you want?" Ellie offered.

Rose scoffed, "You can't get a stronger bladder, you've either got a strong one or you don't. You do, I don't."

"Okay, so I've got a story for you, it's about a thirteen year old girl with a tiny bladder, a lot like yourself. She's called Elizabeth, or Ellie, for short." Rose looked up, ready to listen to what Ellie had to say. "And on school trip to France, she wet herself not once, not twice, but three times over the course of the week. Once on the coach journey into Paris, once in the queue for the Eiffal Tower, and once getting scared on a rollercoaster at Disneyland. As you can imagine, people in their early teens aren't the kindest towards those who can't control their bladders, so until leaving school, I was known as Pissy Lizzie."

"Oh so that's why you hate people calling you by you're proper name," Rose felt a bit better hearing her friend say this.

"Yeah, well done Sherlock. Anyway, I knew I couldn't let this happen again, so I spent the whole summer trying to train my bladder so I could actually hold my piss for more than half an hour. I'd drink stupid amounts of water, then ban myself from using the bathroom for a set amount of time, I'd put myself in situations where it felt like my bladder was actually going to burst, where the term 'desperate for the toilet' became my default position, but eventually, my bladder started to grow. Ever since I finished training myself, I've never pissed myself since. Even today, I reckon I could have lasted another half an hour before I was genuinely at a risk of wetting myself. I could train you, if you wanted, help you conqueror your peanut bladder." Ellie looked genuinely eager to help her friend at this point, and for that, Rose was grateful.

"I don't know, maybe this is a one-off," Rose mused.

"Come on, I've known you since sixth form, we both know this isn't a one-off. You've pissed yourself since I've met you more times than my cousin has, and he's three. And teaching is tough, you'll have days when you'll have to use every muscle in your body to hold your pee in because some arsehole keeps pulling the fire alarm for a prank. There'll be days when there's so much marking to do, you'll have no option but to cross your legs with all your might, or else you'll have OFSTED on your arse, there'll be..." Ellie was interrupted by Rose here. "Yeah yeah, I get the idea, okay, I'll do it."

"Marvellous, training starts tonight. Be prepared to suffer like you've never suffered before," Ellie cackled, as Rose began to wonder how this was possible going to go for her.

*009*2016-09-06 00:05

'Come on, come on,' Rose moaned to herself as she desperately turned the key in the lock to her flat. She'd been bursting for a pee since she got on the tube home, but she couldn't bring herself to pay 30p to use a public toilet. And now she was on her doorstep, on the verge of wetting her panties. Two weeks since Ellie promised to help train her bladder, nothing had happened. Rose hadn't wet herself at school since the first day, and thankfully Beth was still the only person who knew her little secret. But a school day wasn't complete without Rose finding herself in dire need of a loo stop at at least one point. She'd even ended a few choir rehearsals early so she could avoid having an embarrassing accident. She finally opened her door, dropped her bag by the door and made a mad dash to the loo, without even bothering to take her coat off, however she found Ellie standing by the door with a smirk on her face.

'I had a feeling that might happen,' Ellie laughed, while sipping a bottle of water as if to tantalise her.

'Come on Ellie, I'm going to piss myself here,' Rose stood legs tightly crossed, dancing on the spot while holding onto her crotch.

'Nah, your bladder training starts right here, and that means no toilet. You've got to learn how to hold your pee for longer when you're at bursting point,' Ellie informed her.

'Oh sod this,' Rose replied, running into the kitchen. In desperation, she sat up on the sink, wriggled to pull her skirt and panties down, and let the pee explode out of her aching peehole. 'Oh my God!' she moaned as the sound of her pent up urine hit the metallic sink at full force. Ellie just stood there shaking her head, as Rose let her panties and skirt drop to the floor. If Rose didn't look so cute, bathed in the euphoria of finally getting a chance to urinate, Ellie might have been angry at her housemate. But Ellie had always been slightly in love with Rose, and Rose knew that, even if she'd never actually admitted it to her. As Rose's piss stream went down to a trickle, she stood up, wiped herself with a piece of kitchen towel, and gave Ellie a cheeky wink, before walking back to her room, bottom half still completely exposed. Ellie could only turn round and admire as her beautiful naked arse walked passed her.

###

'You're not using the toilet again until 7:00 tomorrow morning, do you understand?' Ellie asked, as if she was talking to a five year old.

Rose twirled her spaghetti round on her fork. 'But that's insane, there's no way I'll last that long.'

'Until I say otherwise, you're allowed to go to the toilet three times a day. I'd advise one during the morning, one some time mid-afternoon and one right before bed. Because of your piss earlier, you don't get to go again until tomorrow morning, as I assume that's your third pee of the day,' Ellie scolded her.

'Fifth actually,' Rose muttered under her breath.

'You've peed five times today?! Christ, this is going to be tougher than I thought,' Ellie could scarcely believe it.

'How are you going to make sure I stick to this anyway?' Rose asked.

'Because I know when you're lying, I've known you long enough now,' Ellie answered nonchalantly

'And what if I break this rule?' Rose pondered.

'I'm not telling you, but I promise it won't be pleasant,' Ellie laughed in her slightly unsettling evil way.

'You're right, I definitely don't want to know. Ahhhh but I've got to pee now,' Rose moaned like a six year old child.

'Only twelve hours to hold it then,' Ellie reassured her. 'Oh and btw, peeing in a sink or whatever isn't allowed either, you either use the toilet like a proper grown up, or you wet yourself, those are your options, unless you want more punishment?'

'You're sick,' Rose laughed.

'Love you too,' Ellie blew her a kiss.

###

Rose passed the toilet, so agonisingly close to relief. They were about to go to bed, and she was busting to pee. She'd had a load of water at dinner, as well as a few glasses of wine, so she was positively desperate to urinate. Brushing her teeth and washing her face was painful, as the cold water dripping out of the tap sent sharp warnings to her bladder. She managed to survive without leaking in her pyjama bottoms, however just as she headed to her bedroom, Ellie grabbed hold of her.

'Hang on, I need to show you something,' Ellie dragged Rose into the bathroom.

'Come on Ellie, I'm tired, I just want to go to sleep so I don't have to wait so long to pee,' Rose protested.

Ellie pulled her jeans down, revealing her untrimmed pussy, and sat on the toilet, relaxing as her pee was released from her body. 'Ooh that feels so good.'

'Fuck off Ellie, stop taunting me,' Rose whined. 'You know I'm busting.'

'I'm sorry, you've got to learn to deal with hearing these sort of sounds though, if you listen to a waterfall with a full bladder and not have it explode, you can hold it anywhere,' Ellie reasoned. Rose couldn't argue with the logic, she just wanted to head to sleep now however. Ellie wiped, flushed and headed off to bed herself.

'Oh by the way, I've put an alarm outside your room which will let me know if you open your door to go and pee before 7:00, so I wouldn't even try,' Ellie chuckled.

'For fucks sake Ellie,' Rose laughed, although inwardly panicking. She had planned to escape for a wee once Ellie had gone to sleep, but it was clear that wouldn't be able to happen. She would just have to hold it. Getting to sleep with a reasonably full bladder was difficult, but after crossing her legs a bit, and squirming around a lot, she eventually drifted off.

###

Oh my God, my bladder is actually going to explode. That was Rose's first thought when she woke up to an incredibly full feeling in her abdomen. She'd been woken up by a dream in which she was desperately looking around a crowded city for a toilet. Rose knew where the toilet was here, but she didn't want to face the wrath of Ellie by going to use it. She loved Ellie, but she knew she was a bit psychotic, and just because they were friends, the punishment that she threatened could literally involve anything. Laxative in her cereal, a drawing of a penis on her ID card in permanent marker. Rose just couldn't risk that. She looked at her phone, 3:42, still three hours left to hold it. Rose tried to fall back to sleep, but her bladder was screaming at her.

She dug her fists into her pink pyjama bottoms, desperately looking for something to pee in. A leak dribbled out of her peehole, and almost immediately after, a much longer spurt escaped, seeping through the crotch of her bottoms. Rose stuck her hands inside her bottoms, pressing firmly down on her crotch. What do I do? Rose thought to herself. I can't hold it a minute longer. In the corner of her eye, Rose saw a towel lying on the floor, and in desperation, she grabbed it, pulled her pyjama bottoms down, and dug the towel into her pussy. Unable to hold on anymore, she slowly started weeing into the towel, almost moaning in relief as ten hours worth of pee leaked out of her urethra. Rose tried to be careful not to drip any on the carpet, but eventually the towel couldn't hold anymore, and she was forced to just let the rest go on the floor. She didn't know what Ellie would say in the morning, but for now at least, she could sleep with an empty bladder.

*018*2016-12-09 02:15

Sorry for the delay, been rather busy recently!

###

The familiar need to urinate woke Rose from her sleep. How can I still have to pee?! I practically pissed an ocean last night. She was by no means desperate, but she didn't fancy holding it for too much longer. She checked her phone, it was two minutes till her alarm went off, but she knew what Ellie had said about going to the toilet before 7. She'd have to just hold it for another two minutes. Shit, the towel! If Ellie sees it she'll go mental. As Rose frantically searched for somewhere to hide the towel, Ellie walked into the room.

'What's that?' Ellie asked, glaring at her naked housemate.

'Um, I'm just going for a shower,' Rose unconvincingly lied.

Ellie grabbed the towel off her, still staring at her untrustingly. "It's damp." She brought the towel closer to her nose. "You pissed in here didn't you?"

Rose stared at the floor humiliated. 'I just couldn't hold it, I was dying,'

'No shower for you then,' Ellie laughed.

'Are you serious?? But I stink of piss, I've got to go to work, come on, this isn't fair!'

'I told you there'd be punishments if you break the rules. Plus if you take a shower, you'll try and sneak a pee, and you've already had your morning pee today,' Ellie reasoned.

'Oh my God, you're such a bitch,' Rose squirmed slightly as she was reminded of her predicament.

###

Rose winced as the bus went over another speed bump. I'm absolutely bursting, I don't know how much longer I can last. She was supervising a sixth form trip to see a concert in Birmingham, and there was still two hours left on the bus. She'd tried to avoid drinking too much, but her bladder was full of the coffee she had to perk herself up, as well as the pee she failed to release when she wet herself in the middle of the night. As she tightly crossed her legs and drummed her fingers on the window pane, she wondered whether she'd actually make it to the toilet.

'Babe what's wrong?' Rose became aware of whispering from the seat behind her.

'I'm dying for a wee,' a girl replied. Rose recognised the voice, it was Alice, the head girl and general model student.

'Oh, I'll ask miss when we're stopping,' the other girl answered.

'No don't...' Alice hissed.

'Miss, are we stopping at a service station? Alice really needs to loo,' Alice's friend asked Rose a bit too loudly.

Alice turned bright red, painfully shy and now aware that everyone knew she needed the toilet. 'Oh my God, Jess.'

'Um, I don't think so sorry, just try and take your mind off it,' Rose answered, offering a weak smile.

'I'll be okay,' Alice nervously replied, shifting anxiously in her seat as she said it.

Rose stared blankly out the window, silently struggling with her own predicament. Another half hour passed, and the pain was getting more and more unbearable. Rose genuinely considered wetting herself, she already stank of piss, a bit more wouldn't make any difference. However she couldn't quite bring herself to actually let go of her bladder. Suddenly she heard a whimpering sound behind her.

'Are you okay?' Jess asked, noticing Alice had tears in her eyes.

'Oh my God, I think I'm actually going to wet myself,' Alice gasped, tightly digging her fist into the crotch of her jeans.

'Miss, can you ask the coach to stop? Alice is bursting, she's going to wet herself,' Jess again unsubtly asked Rose.

'Do you not think you can hold it for just one more hour?' Rose asked sympathetically. Shit, I'm not sure I can hold it one more hour. Alice could only shake her head in response. 'Okay, I'll ask.'

Standing up put a whole lot of extra pressure on her bladder, and Rose had to steady herself to avoid having an embarrassing accident. She awkwardly made her way to the front of the bus, trying not to look too desperate.

'Hi, I was just wondering if it would be possible to stop at the next services. We've got a few people here quite desperate for the loo,' Rose asked the driver. Quite is an understatement.

'Sorry love, they'll just have to hold it. I'm already running behind today,' the driver unhelpfully replied.

'Please, there's no guarantee you'll have dry seats in an hour,' Rose added, and I don't just mean Alice.

'If anyone pisses on the seats, there'll be so much trouble,' the driver aggressively warned her.

Rose returned back to her seat, each step reminding her how desperate her bladder was for relief.

'Sorry, he's not going to stop,' Rose told Alice. 'Is it really bad?'

'I really don't think I can hold it,' Alice cried.

'I'm bursting too, it'll be okay' Rose tried to reassure her. 'We'll look for toilets as soon as we get to Birmingham.'

'Okay,' Alice whimpered, crossing her legs tighter still.

###

The coach was just outside Birmingham, and amazingly, while both Alice and Rose had bladders on the verge of exploding, they still had dry knickers. With every service station passed, it felt like the desperation increased tenfold for both. Alice had barely been able to contain herself, exclaiming how embarrassed she was every few minutes, while Rose had tried not to show the pupils how desperate she was, staying quiet and bouncing up and down in her seat constantly.

'Oh shit, it's coming out!' Alice cried. A long spurt of wee escaped from her urethra, although she was able to control herself before it seeped through her light blue jeans.

'Hold on babe, we're nearly there,' Jess soothed her.

Rose was having problems of her own, the pain was just too unbearable for her and she knew that as soon she stood up, she'd piss herself. She'd have to let a bit out to relieve the pressure. Closing her eyes, she tried to relax, while making sure not to let go too much. A long trickle of pee leaked into her knickers, as Rose felt the pressure leave her bladder. Lost in the moment, she failed that a wet patch had emerged on her black trousers. Rose somehow managed to stop, but she knew if she didn't get to a toilet quickly, things would go horribly wrong.

As the bus pulled into the car park, both girls noticed a set of public toilets, almost sending their bladders into overdrive. As soon as the driver put the handbrake on, Alice rushed to the front of the bus, crying as another spurt of pee escaped, this time running down her leg. A small wet patch was now visible underneath her bum, and she hopped from side to side waiting for the doors to open. Rose was quick behind her, gingerly shifting as she felt the dampness in her knickers.

Alice dashed into the loo, unbuttoning her jeans as she went. She ran into the only available stall, ripped her jeans and panties off and moaned a sigh of relief as she let go. A torrent of pee splashed against the toilet water, and the disgusting state of the facilities didn't even bother the 18-year old. Rose came up behind, cursing in despair as she realised all the other stalls were occupied. Fuck, I can't hold it. Bent over, fists dug in her crotch, listening to the sound of other people relieving themselves, the pain became too much. As the hot pee flowed through her trousers, she closed her eyes in humiliation. Wetting herself twice in her first two months of teaching didn't feel great. Despite the incredible relief she felt, she didn't quite know how she was going to face her pupils after that.

'

'

*022*2017-01-09 23:05

Rose slumped in her seat in the bus. What a horrible day! Stank of piss all day, spent the whole time worrying someone would see I'd pissed myself, and to top it all off, I need a wee again. Amazingly no one had actually noticed Rose's wet trousers, as they were black and she'd been able to tie a jumper around herself to hide her crotch. Alice had not been so lucky, having opted to wear light blue jeans. Ironically, the one who made it to the toilet was the one who ended up being teased the most, with the wet patch clearly visible underneath her bum. The poor girl had been inconsolable all day, despite the efforts of Rose and Jess to make her feel better. Alice had seen Rose wetting herself when she came out of the loo, but being the nice she was, she didn't mention anything about it.

Rose had felt so bad about the teasing Alice was forced to endure that she was tempted to admit wetting herself, but she hadn't quite managed to summon up the courage to do so. The speed bump sent a warning to Rose's bladder, she really needed to get to the loo soon, or else she'd be at risk of wetting herself for a third time in a day. Fortunately they were nearly back at school so Rose could soon rush in and use the toilet. Rose breathed a sigh of relief as the bus pulled into school, and all the kids began to file out.

"Thanks everyone, see you tomorrow!" Rose told her pupils as they went off on their way home.

"Erm, Miss Manning, could I possibly speak to you? In private?" Alice shyly asked, still visibly upset.

"Of course, Alice, my door is always open, let's head back inside and have a chat now," Rose consoled the poor girl, while still aware of her own pressing need to relieve herself.

The two headed inside, Rose let Alice into her office and put the kettle on. "I'll be right with you, I'm just going to pop to the loo," Rose dashed out of her office, trying not to look too desperate. As she ran down the corridor, so close to relief, she was met with a nasty surprise. Fuck, they must have locked the toilets. Rose crossed her legs tightly, groaned, and headed back to her office, bladder still very much full.

"Okay, what's on your mind?" Rose asked, while pouring the tea, the sound of the flowing liquid giving her bladder a tingly feeling.

"I'm not sure I want to do music anymore," Alice sobbed, tears streaming down her face.

"But Alice, you're one of my best students, I thought you wanted to read Music at Oxford?" Rose enquired, absent mindedly sipping on her tea.

"That was before I wet myself in front of everyone. I just don't know how I can come back to class when everyone saw me lose control like that, it was just so embarrassing," Alice explained.

Ha, believe me, I know all about embarrassment... "I completely understand you're upset by this, and it might take a few weeks before you can get over it, but you need to understand that it's not as embarrassing as you think it is. It could have happened to anyone, it happened to me, I was just lucky no one realised. Believe me, this sort of thing happens a lot more than you'd think."

"I don't know anyone who's wet themselves at school since year 3," Alice bitterly sobbed.

"Okay, I have a story that might make you feel better. When I was 21, I was playing a hockey game at uni. I was busting for the loo, but didn't get time to go before the start of the game. Anyway, it got harder and harder to hold it, and eventually, someone hit me on the stomach with a hockey stick during the game. I couldn't help myself, I wet my shorts in front of a huge crowd, and it was blatantly obvious. And yes, it was really humiliating for me, but now I see my friends at uni, and we laugh about it." And if you don't leave my office soon, I might be about to wet myself again, she thought, as she crossed her legs tighter still.

"Maybe you're right, it probably would be a bit of an over-reaction to stop following my dream because of some silly accident, I'll keep going. Thanks miss, you're a really great teacher!" Alice told her, looking much happier.

"Thank you Alice, that really means a lot! Any time you need anything, feel free to drop in!" Rose would have enjoyed the moment more if she wasn't absolutely dying to get to the loo.

As soon as Alice was out of side, Rose sprinted to the loo as fast as she could, desperately trying to hold on to her pee. To her horror, she tried to get into the ladies again, but found it was still locked. As a drop of wee leaked into her panties, she knew she needed to act quickly. There was absolutely no way she'd even make it to the tube station without wetting her trousers. And there was no way she was going to wet herself again. She tried to get into the men's toilets as a last resort, but found them to be locked as well.

In utter desperation, she ran back into her office, trying to think of a way to avoid having an accident. Spotting an empty flask on her desk, she saw her opportunity. Checking no one was around, she pulled her trousers and panties down, held the flask up to her exposed pussy, and let go. Her immense relief was interrupted by the sound of footsteps in the corridor, forcing Rose to stop the flow, and quickly get dressed again. The door opened, and in came the head teacher, surprised to see Rose still there.

"Ah, Rose, working late are you?" he asked.

"Just finishing actually." Rose could barely speak, focussing all her energy on clenching her tired muscles, while hoping her boss didn't notice the fact she was holding a flask half full of her urine.

"Me too actually, would you like a lift home? You don't live too far from me do you?"

"Oh no. Thanks. It's okay, I'm meeting a friend, so I'm going to the station," Rose winced as a long spurt of pee escaped, dampening her knickers further.

"Let me give you a lift to the station at least, it's pissing it down outside." He had to say that phrase. Pissing it down. I'll be pissing down in his car if I go with him. I can see I'm not going to change his mind though.

"Okay, do you have keys to the toilet though? I'm quite desperate," she exclaimed. By which I mean if I don't find something to urinate into in the next ten seconds, I will flood this room.

"Um yeah, I think so, should be on one of these," the head held up a big set of keys, much to Rose's dismay.

Rose put left her flask of wee on the table, and shifted about from side to side while the head tried to find the keys. The pressure in her bladder was becoming unbearable, and as she felt another trickle pour down her leg, she decided she just couldn't wait any longer.

"Nevermindmyfriendisoutsideseeyoutomorrow," Rose blurted out, dashing outside while stuffing her hands tightly in her crotch. Frantically trying to find somewhere suitable to relieve herself, she resorted to hiding behind a set of bins. She ripped down her panties and trousers, and instantly, a jet of wee exploded out of her urethra. The relief felt amazing, as her bladder slowly emptied. She didn't care about the fact it was raining, or the fact anyone could have walked by in that moment. All she cared about was that for the first time on that day, she wasn't relieving herself in her knickers. Eventually the stream died down to a trickle, and finally her bladder was properly empty. Now all she had to do was return home and hope that Ellie wouldn't realise she'd wet herself once again.

