Little Pisser [Short Omorashi Masturbation Fic]

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-05-24 00:04

Maybe he hated the way she never told him, or maybe he just hated the feeling in his lower gut. His roommate always had a habit of doing this, inviting people over to hang out downstairs in their crappy downtown apartment she fixed up to look...halfway decent. Though she never let him know, when she knew he was...He was bladder shy, and she thought he was kidding!

Waylon’s lower half felt like it was burning, a hand around the doorknob, the other steadying him by splaying against the plymood of the entrance. It felt like his breath was coming in short pants, burning hot and putting pressure on his already too-full bladder with every movement of his lungs.

It was burning, threatening to leak out though he knew his bladder would allow no such thing. His knees felt like they’d buckle, shaking and weak as his flop of dirty blonde hair hung in his face, hearing those women talk downstairs, his bladder couldn’t even give him so much as a drop in relief. Then...came the shame, the way his pants grew tighter at the feeling of it, when he knew he shouldn’t like something so...humiliating.

He had to pee! That’s all this was! Yet the weakness in his legs and lower half had him slip to the floor, member twitching in his pants at the idea of just letting go, a puddle around his thighs that he’d have to clean up, like a little weakling.

He hated it, hated it, but he knew his kinky side fucking loved it, the way he couldn’t go even if he wanted to, knowing if he even tried to force himself only a few little painful dribbles would leak their way down his shaft.

“Waylon! You should come down! I know you’re hiding up there, you anti-social nerd!” Following that was a gaggle of laughter that made his spine tingle, the laughter at him, when he was brought so low...whydiditmakehimsohard?

“J-Just a minute!” He had to take care of this, if he went down with a boner over needing to pee he’d never hear the end of it. He pushed, needing just a little more of that timed embarrassment, and felt urine soak the front of his boxers, darkening the fabric that was the only thing he wore on his lower half.

“F-Fuck..please….alittlemore.” His reedy voice whined, cracking as he cursed, his body not used to the pure need it had all coiled up in his bladder...His knees twitching as he let a little more of his shame drip out of his twitching cock, forehead leaned on the door, he only prayed his roomie and her friends didn’t come up the stairs looking for him.

He had no choice, he was way too fucking horny to just piss himself until he came. Trembling fingers pushed down to the hem of his white boxers, soaked yellow...pushing them down his need sprang out, and the friction made him moan, unable to stop it. He heard it...downstairs the woman paused in their talking, and he heard his name, they knew...oh fuck they knew...but that just did it for him more, a dribble of pre mixing with his own shameful piss, dripping down and staining those boxers even more, and he looked at it for a bit...Enjoying the feeling of need, of being horny, wishing so badly someone would call him names, a little piss baby, a fucking nerd, a little wimp...Just thinking those things made him twitch again, and he brought his thumb up, tracing up the side with a shiver...The urge to moan again just to have them make fun of him, to call him gross, a pervert, nasty...a piss pants.

“Did you hear that?”

“Maybe...is Waylon alright?” He couldn’t help it, another moan melted past his lip, and the girls all went quiet downstairs as he fully let himself go, whimpering with his back arched his urine squirting from his tip to soak the cloth around his thighs, pooling underneath his thighs as his tip twitched.

He couldn’t keep his hands off himself, a hand in his hair, gripping it, as he moved to pump his fist, hips jerking into his own hand as he finished pissing himself, the warm puddle, his shame, only serving to make his precum pool on top of his fist, leaking down the side as he heard them come up the stairs...Through a haze of lust he knew they saw his puddle, sitting so close to the door, they had to, hearing the way his body jerked and moved…

All those women must think he was a fucking mess, and he loved it, he loved them thinking he was an embarrassment, a little pisser that wasn’t worth their time.

“Ohfuck...fucking…ngh!” His urine wasn’t the only thing puddling underneath him once he reached his climax, knowing he didn’t last long, he didn’t give a single shit, his dick was a mess, throbbing as his orgasm made him moan, the girls right outside his door gasping, murmuring amongst themselves as the door clicked open, seeing the man in his own puddle, shirt hem covered in piss and cum, his boxers, once white, now a yellowed mess around his thighs.

“What a little pisser~”

_____

This was a very self indulgent fic I wrote, it most likely isn't very biologically correct, but it is fiction! Thanks so much for reading!

