The soda drinking contest

Author: Guest NeptuneSwirl

*000*2016-09-14 14:53

This is basically a story I made up with my OC's here:http://neptunewater.deviantart.com/art/The-Rainbow-Pixies-634259476

If you don't like this story, don't comment anything rude.

The story:

It was a typical Friday afternoon. Inside their home were six pixies, who could change size. This time they were human-sized. There were only 4 of them at home, 2 of them, Orenji and Ao, had gone out. The remaining four, Murasaki, Aka, Kiiro, and Midori, were sitting in front of the TV, channel surfing. "I'm bored." Midori whined. "There's nothing on TV." Aka suddenly got an idea. "I got it! Let's chug down some soda and see who can hold it the longest!" Murasaki rolled her eyes. "You've got to be joking, this is completely idiotic." Kiiro stuck her tongue out at Murasaki. "It's gonna be fun!" She said with a squeal. Midori gave everyone a bottle of Cola and everyone but Murasaki chugged it down.

### 30 minutes later ###

Midori whimpered. "Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to drink all that Cola... Aka, you aren't making this easy."

Murasaki sat on the couch, staring at the three girls. "Would you?" She asked. "This is pointless!"

### 2 hours later ###

Aka moaned. "It hurts!"

Murasaki sighed. "Well, it WAS your idea."

"T-that's it! I can't hold it anymore! I'm gonna pee myself!" Kiiro cried out, breaking into a "pee-pee dance".

"Ha-ha! Kiiro's gonna- agh! Spurted again!" Giggled Midori, who had been spurting because she had drank the most Cola.

### 10 minutes later ###

Midori was the first to surrender. "B-BATHROOM!" She ran all the way to the bathroom to relieve herself. Now, their home only had two bathrooms, which was gonna be a problem for Aka and Kiiro, the remaining two.

"Give up already!" Kiiro cried. "My bladder's about to explode!"

"No way!" Aka shot back. "I'm winning, so YOU should quit!"

Murasaki cringed. "Stop dancing around! You're making me have to pee, too!"

Aka looked outside at the sprinkler, and immediately surrendered.

Kiiro was on the verge of wetting.

CCCRRRAAAPP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

She sat down in a corner by the bathroom, wondering how she had gotten herself into the mess she was in. She saw a potted plant across the room.

Maybe I could- what?! No! That's disgusting! I'd rather die than-

A bit of pee slid down from her crotch to her leg.

This is pretty gross, but when you gotta go...

She stumbled across the room to the potted plant, but then she accidentally looked outside at the sprinkler. The same sprinkler Aka accidentally looked at.

Kiiro's bladder exploded, and a few seconds later, she was sobbing, standing in a puddle of pee.

"Ahh, man what a relief!" Aka sighed, exiting the bathroom. She then noticed Kiiro, crying and whimpering.

"Kiiro?! Did you...y'know.... have an accident?!"

Kiiro nodded. "I'm sorry... I couldn't hold it anymore. I tried to get to the plant, but I didn't make it and-"

Aka looked Kiiro in the eyes. "It's okay, it wasn't your fault." She reassured the blond pixie. "It was mine for suggesting the idea. Now c'mon, let's go get you into some clean clothes before Orenji and Ao come back home."

"Okay..."

The embarrassed pixie walked upstairs, embarrassed.

The end....or is it?

Yup, it's the end of my cruddy story (Maybe...)!

How'd you like it? Comment, but don't do anything mean

