Sidon Link Fic

Author: Guest

*000*2024-10-18 10:05

Link had been holding it through a meeting in Zora's domain and things were beginning to get urgent. The sound of running water which was normally relaxing to him was starting to hurt his bladder. He crossed his legs to help him hold it in when he noticed Sidon giving him a glance. Link blushed a little, now feeling a little embarrased.

He should have gone before the meeting and he knew it. The meeting was almost over thankfully. Hopefully he could quickly make it to the bathroom without drawing too much attention to himself.

15 minutes later the meeting was still in progress and Link honestly wasn't listening anymore. He was starting to wiggle his hips ever so slightly in his chair.

These were times of peace and he honestly thought the meeting was a bit stupid to begin with. Princess Zelda had sent him to attend it though and as her knight, in peace times diplomacy was part of his job.

Sidon soon after noticed the fidgeting and frowned. He looked at his father and gave a grin. "I propose we ajourn. I feel that we have adequately addressed the topic at hand. We will be erecting a statue and increasing funds to education for the hatchlings."

The board moved to ajourn the meeting and Link quickly stood and started making his way to the bathroom when Sidon stopped him. "Link."

Link stilled and tried to keep from squirming in front of the prince. He quickly signed. "What's up?"

Sidon sighed. "Is something the matter? Are you feeling ill? You're sweating, and your face looks warm. Come here for a second."

Link glanced in the direction of the bathroom struggling to stay still. He quickly signed before making his way closer to Sidon. "I'm not sick."

Sidon looked at the Hero worriedly. Before reaching out to feel the smaller man's forehead. "No fever. I suppose that's good."

Link couldn't stay still any longer and began fidgeting where he stood. He signed to Sidon. "Honestly I'm ok."

Sidon shook his head. "You don't look ok. I'd feel better if you had one of our healers check on you."

He began to feel shy again and blushed before rapidly signing, "I gotta pee."

Sidon's eyes widened. It was fast so it took him a second to decifer what Link had said. Then Sidon laughed. "You had me worried for second. Hurry up and go. I'm sorry for keeping you."

Link nodded sheepishly and quickly made his way to the domain visitor bathroom. It was designed for Hylian use.

He quickly lifted his tunic once insidd but found himself frozen when he attempted to empty his bladder. He couldn't let go. It hurt. After a few minutes of trying he left the bathroom very much still desperate. He'd never had that happen before.

Sidon had been waiting outside the bathroom and gave Link a big smile when he emerged. "Feeling better?"

Link shuffled his feet unsure what to say. He frowned.

Sidon's face grew worried again. "What's wrong?"

Link bit his lip before signing. "I can't.. it won't come out..."

Sidon grew very concerned at this. "Hold on. Let's go to the healing pools. Do you.. mind if I try and help?"

Link looked at Sidon trembling from the pressure. He signed, "It hurts. If you can fix it, then I'm up for almost anything at this point."

Sidon gently picked up Link and carried him into a private healing pool. "This sometimes happens to the hatchlings if they wait too long. It's rare but not unheard of. Our healers can help if this doesn't work. Just relax. You'll be ok."

Link felt the healing magic in the water ease some of the tension in his body. Sidon gently Lifted Link's tunic in the front and laid gentle hands over Link's abdomen. "Is this ok?"

Link blushed feeling slightly vulnerable. He nodded.

Sidon given permission gently began massaging the hero's lower belly. Sidon was frankly shocked by how much the hylian was holding back. "Relax my friend, I've got you."

Sidon hoped this worked. If the healers needed to get involved it was quite invasive.

Link sank into Sidon's strong arms. He felt his muscles loosen. Then a small spurt escaped and Link reflexively tried to regain control.

Sidon frowned feeling Link tense. "Link, I need you to relax. You can go here. You're safe."

Link blushed. He was facing away from Sidon so he couldn't sign to him well so he nodded. Relaxing as best as he could.

Sidon gently applied pressure again and heard water hitting water. He was careful not to startle the smaller man, concerned for his health.

Link peed for what must have been 2 minutes straight. He was breathing heavily by the time he finished.

Sidon relaxed finally his concern fading once Link managed to let go.

Sidon ran a hand through Link's hair. "You worry me. Do you often wait this long to go?"

Link turned to look at Sidon before signing. "I try not too.. but I get stuck in a lot of meetings, I travel with Zelda, and sometimes I just forget until it's urgent.."

Sidon lifted Link from the healing pool and handed him a towel. "I fear for your health Link. Please, I don't want to see you get hurt. This was preventable. Next time simply ask for a break and I can do something to help."

Link nodded. "Thank you Sidon."

