The desperate Jedi - A Star Wars Fanfic

Author: Guest Eli

*000*2016-11-18 01:28

Right, so, I havent ever really been much more than a lurker on here, except for a few fairly crappy fictions and a couple of Experiences, so I guess no one really knows me.

Lately I've been looking for interesting fanfics and I noticed a peculiar thing: Star Wars Omo fanfics are almost non-existant. This surprised me quite a bit since it has such a huuge fanbase. I noticed a recent one though, which I liked quite a lot, except, I wasnt extremely fond of the concept. Never been one for stormtroopers or the gunfight part. I'm all about them Jedis and Siths.

Buut, enough about that,lets go on to the main topic here. This story takes place in the EU [Extended Universe], more precicely, in the KOTOR universe. For those who don't know it happens millions of years before the movies, where siths and jedis are portrayed much much more powerful. So let me get started.

A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away....

300 years have passed since the war that had raged on for ages had finally come to an end, with the Republic coming out as victorious and the New Sith Empire was no more. The Jedi order has been restored to its former glory, taking force sensitive children in for training from all over the galaxy.

The young jedi padawan Lilianne Ashok is now at her 18th year and has just arrived on Tython to begin her Jedi training under Jedi Master Alain Shan. But peace does not last forever, and the Sith always lurk in the shadows waiting for their time to rise back.......

Lilianne sat in her seat, with her face squashed on the shuttle window. She'd never seen anything so beautiful before, mountains, trees and old mysterious temples all over. She had read about all of it though, but never did she envision it so glorious. She could barely sit still, this was her big day, her eighteenth birthday and the day she finally began real jedi training. But that wasn't the only reason she couldn't sit still. She had had to use the bathroom ever since they entered hyperspeed, which was hours ago. She had never held it that long, but she wasn't too bohered by it because of all the excitement. They did offer diapers for long flights like these, but the young padawan found it way too embarassing to put on a diaper just for a 3 hour flight, she was 18 now.

The shuttle lowered it's flight as it engaged the landing station. The change in levitation always made her belly tingle. The shuttle hovered over a landing pad and lowered slowly. The landing was rough though, as always. The sudden bump surprised Lilianne though. She let out a little gasp as she felt a little pee make it's way into her panties, dampening them a bit. She blushed. She hoped no one noticed that. She quickly forgot about it though and rushed out as soon as the door opened. When she got outside, the brown-haired girl was greeted by a robot. "This way, please!" The robot started walking towards a building a few steps away from the shuttle. The door automatically opened, giving a peculiar "Swoosh" sound.

The first thing she saw when she entered the building was a counter, behind it, a woman. Lilianne wasn't sure if it was a human or a robot. The woman looked mostly human, but she had no hair and her left eye was mechanical. As she approached the woman behind the counter, she noticed that it wasn't only the eye that was cybernetic, but almost all of her left side was. "You must be Lilianne!" the woman said. "Are you excited to begin your Jedi training?"

"The hell I am!" she replied. "Where do I go? Also, is there a bathroom here nearby?"

"There is the staff bathroom, but I am afraid I can't let you use that. There is a bathroom in the Jedi Temple though, which is exactly where you are headed. Just go out the door to your right and take the speeder. It has a automatic drive function which will take you the shortest way to the Temple."

"Alright, thanks!" Lilianne said and rushed outside. She wasn't exactly fond of having to sit in her damp underwear on a speeder, which is one of the more uncomfortable rides in the galaxy. But the thought of peeing herself right before meeting her new Master certainly frightened her more. She quickly located the speeder and told the robot standing next to it where she wanted to go. The robot put in some code on the Speeder's computer and directed the young padawan to take a seat. As the speeder began to take flight, the robot said "Have a safe and pleasant stay!"

The ride was long. Longer that she had expected. Longer than she had tolerance for. She was starting to get really desperate now. "Why didn't I just put on a fucking flight-diaper like usually?" she thought to herself. Then she reminded herself that she was now 18 years old and old enough to be able to hold her pee without wetting herself. Or so she had thought, now she wasn't so sure. She felt another spurt escape into her panties as the speeder took a sharp and rough turn. This time it surely made a mark on her light-brown leggings, but she tried to ignore it.

The speeder finally arrived at the Temple. It was majestic. It was a lot taller than she had ever imagined it to be, she felt so small as she stood in front of the long stairs that led up to the main entrance of the Temple. But she had no time to think about that. Her bladder was aching and needed to be emptied. Lilianne felt so childish, on the verge to pee herself on her 18th birthday, the day she finally starts her jedi training. "No" she thought. "I haven't lost control yet, and I surely won't with this little left to the bathroom!" She ran up the stairs using her force speed. She stopped at the main entrance, as she realized using the force only boosted her desperation. She stopped a passerby and asked him where the nearest bathroom was. "Just go inside and around the pillar. You'll enter the main hall, from which you will want to turn left and into one of the hallways. The first door on the left is the bathroom" the Zabrak answered. "Thanks a lot!" she replied.

She ran into the Temple, finding herself in the main hall. It was huge, in the middle two giant stairways spiralling to the second floor. "To the left!" she thought, now with her hand in her crotch. She turned left and ran towards the first hallway she could see. "It's there, just a little further! You're gonna make it Lilian-"

*Donk* She had crashed into somebody. She fell to the ground and laid flat on her back. "No, no, no, noo! FUCK!" she screamed as she felt her pee stream through her genitals and into her panties. She struggled to sit up but she was too late. The pee had soaked her leggings and had made a large puddle right beneath her. She felt tears form in her eyes, she couldn't hold it back. She hadn't wet herself since she was twelve and now this? At a time like that? She looked up to see who was standing there, whom it was she had bumped into. Black, braided hair, a woman in her mid-fourties. Her green eyes, filled with tears recognized that face instantly. Master Alain Shan, her new mentor stood before her and just witnessed her pee her pants like a little girl.....

Alright, that was the intro to my new star wars fanfic, I hope you liked it, though I'm not sure if I rushed through things a bit too much or not, or if I nerded you guys out at some points haha. Please let me know if you want more, because I do have a lot more in mind, and a pretty decent story in my mind :)

