Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - RanFan's Peeing Trouble

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-23 20:32

Before the World Marial Arts Tournament started. One of the Contestants, RanFan, had a problem before arriving & signing in to compete in the Tournament...

Plane Pilot #1 (Male): Ladies & Gentlemen just to let you know the Restroom is under repairs if you were planning to use it later on you should've used it earlier.

Plane Pilot #2 (Female): By the way we are just about 3 hours away from the location of the Tournament.

RanFan: Just great! I knew I should've gone earlier but no you told yourself that you can hold it!

RanFan: *Yells* Excuse me is the Restroom under fixed!?

Flight Attendant (Male): Sorry ma'am it's still going under repairs.

RanFan: Ooohh! *squirms like crazy while holding her groin area*

RanFan: Mmm.... Maybe... No it's too... Screw it I'm gonna a cup then.

RanFan: (Let me just pull down my zipper from my pants first) *zippers down* *pulls pants down a little low* *pulls her pink panties to the left side in the front strap*

RanFan: (Now put the bottle in "there") *Starts peeing in the bottle but makes a loud sound* Aaah feels good... I know other people might see me & hear me which should be embarrassing but it just feels so good.

Kid Boy: Mommy what that lady doing?

Boy's Mother: Don't point & look sweetie

Flight Attendant (Female): Miss what are you doing!?

RanFan: Sorry but I had to go really bad *laughs & smiles nervously* *continues peeing in bottle*

(Urine fills all away up until...)

RanFan: Oh no there's still more coming out! *some pee spurts out of RanFan* Crap I got some on the person's back seat!

Male in front of Launch in Seat: *Yells* Careful lady!

RanFan: I'm sorry! *accidentally pees on her seat a little bit* Why me!

(RanFan stops peeing)

Plane Pilot #1 (Male): Ladies & Gents we are almost there.

Plane Pilot #2 (Female): Just 1 Hour & 30 Minutes away from the location of the World Martial Arts Tournament.

Planet Pilot #1 (Male): By the way we got complaints of a passenger who peed around her seating area.

RanFan: *Laughs & Smiles Nervously* I'm sorry everyone I promise it won't happen next time...

After RanFan's incident her plane was almost heading to the location of the World Martial Arts Tournament.

$$

*001*2017-09-23 23:20

Another great story. Thanks a heap. :D

*002*2017-09-24 03:49

{{4 hours ago, Skyde said:

Another great story. Thanks a heap. :D

}}

Thanks it's no problem :)

