Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Bulma Pee's on Planet Namek

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-19 02:38

During the events in Dragon Ball Z at Planet Namek. While Bulma has been put aside while her Friends are fighting off Frieza's Henchmen she decided to have her own little adventures without the aid of Krillin & Gohan.

Bulma: UH! I hate it when they left me like that that is so not cool I wish I can do something exciting while they are away...

Bulma: Let's see I fought off Giant Crabs & I got away from one of Frieza's Nasty Men... think Bulma, think!

Bulma: Mmm ah dammit I have to use the restroom where can a woman like me find a bathroom in a place like this!

Bulma: *Hold's Groin Area* Ah! I must figure this out wait a minute maybe I can pee in Namek's Water? Yeah that can work.

(Runs near Namek's Ocean)

Bulma: Okay now let's take it easy [*Pull's down Leggings/Pants* *Sits on Grass with her Bottom* *Spreads her Legs a bit wide open*] Wow this grass feels more softer than Earth's Grass.

(Bulma pee's like a Water Fountain in the Lake while sitting on the grass)

Bulma: Aaahhh *sigh* this feels great really [*Continues Peeing*], man it looks like I really had to go *laughs*

(Giant Namekian Fish comes out of the water)

Giant Namekian Fish: *ROAR*

Bulma: Huh? *SCREAMS LOUDLY* [*tries to pull up Leggings/Pants while running*]

Bulma: *Breaths in-n-out* Ah man I accidently wet my pants while I was running away from that Giant Stupid Fish. *Sighs Sadly*

(Bulma pulls out a Capsule to switch out her Peed Leggings/Pants with some new ones)

Bulma: Much better well on the bright side of things that was sort of exciting *Laughs*

Bulma: Next time I'm just going to pee around some rocks or something...

Next Chapter: Android 18's Pee Disaster

*002*2017-09-19 03:05

{{4 minutes ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Now that's more like it

So, 18 next? That will be fun. And she is part human, enough to have children, after all.

(crosses fingers for Videl to wet her compression shorts after 18's chapter)

}}

Yup! And I will be thinking about Videl's shorts.

*003*2017-09-19 11:49

Awesome. Keep it up.

