Wet Shorts of Tina

Author: gfbiy7352

*000*2019-03-25 18:02

Tina Forenson was wearing tight butt-length jean shorts and a tight tight tank top which showed off her toothpick body. In 5th period, the junior began having the urge to pee from her 20 oz bottle of lemonade. Just after lunch the liquid filled her micro bladder. Her butt wiggled and her hands stayed at her sides, not raised. She was a honor student who prefered to listen to what the teacher is saying. Never asking to leave is what a premier honor student does.

Finally class ended and walking to the nearest bathroom the stressed bladder saw that it was being cleaned. Walking up to the second floor bathroom, Tina saw that the line was 40 girls long, mainly due to the third bathroom having four of six stalls broken. Most girls who didn't care about school stayed in the long long long line. Tina decided to go to class, she figured she could just squeeze her legs together or dance in her seat if need too.

30 into the 55 min 6th hour class, Tina began to doubt herself. She was putting so much effort into stareing at her teacher. Tina's legs were swaying a lot and switching positions. She lost more focus, but barely survived with a couple of wet spots on her panties. Tina knew that if she did not get to go inbetween classes, the urge would become unbearable.

Before her last class, she went to the 1st floor, bathrooms still being cleaned, than the second floor with a line. The line was shorter, 17 girls in it with 3 minutes left in passing period. She decided to try to pee. The line moved fast, but there were still 2 girls ahead of her at the point were she had to head to class to avoid a tardy.

Tina did not believe she would make it another hour and 10 minutes were she could use her own bathroom. She was leaning forward in her seat struggling. The sensesation was so intense in her bladder at this point. She saw the clock, still twenty min left. Her legs kicked and kicked. Other students stared into her eyes. Boys that liked her gave the girl their full attention. Finally, the poor youngster had enough, she raised her hand and the teacher granted her permission to use the restroom.

She ran up a flight of stairs to the top floor bathroom. Her back was hunched over hands between her legs. She hopped while at the back of a four teenager line. She let out a screech or two. By the time she was the next in line, it was too much for tiny Tina. She let loose all over her tiny shorts. Post width streams ran all down her. Tina cried a little but went to the nurse who gave her clean clothes, and went on to finish her school day.

