Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Launch's Pee Pleasure

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-11-19 00:38

Back at Roshi's Home after the events of the Red Ribbion Army's Tyranny and before another Martial Arts Tournament started, Roshi & Krillin left the House to buy some new groceries for Launch while she is in charge of the house cleaning.

Launch (Good): *Humming in Tune* I hope Roshi & Krillin will come back safely ever since those Red Ribbon Baddies cause such trouble.

Launch (Good): Well let's try to pick up their mess--- oh my um it seems like I have to go *giggles*

[The wind blows the window open with a tiny bit of dust]

Launch (Good): Oh no I'm gon---na---aw, aw, Achoo!

Launch (Bad): Huh? What a mess they made! You know what once they get back I'm going to tell them to clean up MY MESS!

Launch (Bad): I think I have an idea first off I'm going to clean up their mess then I am going to pee around here instead of in the bathroom.

[15 Minutes later of Cleaning]

Launch (Bad): There we go and now the finishing touch *chuckles evilly*

Launch (Bad): *Takes off Shorts & Panties then toss them on the Couch* Hmm where to pee? Ah! I'll pee on the Carpet Floor next to the TV first.

[She walks to the Carpet Floor & the TV then squats]

Launch (Bad): Payback Boys! *starts to pee like a yellow water faucet* Oh shit I didn't knew it had to go that bad & be this powerful! Oh well *chuckles & smirks*

Launch (Bad): [Pees for 10 seconds] *Stops her Pee for a bit* Okay that's enough for this area now near the Kitchen Table *Squats & Pee's Again* Oh yeah this feels good, aaahh *smiles*

Launch (Bad): [Pees for 8 seconds] *stops her Pee for a bit again* Now to lay back on a wall to aim my piss on another wall *chuckles*

[Launch (Bad) sits on the floor, lays her back against the wall, & spreads her legs then touch her groin area to aim at the other wall]

Launch (Bad): There's still some left *start's peeing again* *the pee against the wall makes a loud sound* Oh yeah this is great, oh yes.....

[Launch (Bad) stops peeing & begins to feel arouse so she gropes her left breast under neath her shirt also fingers herself really hard on her pee wet groin area]

Launch (Bad): Oh yes, oh yes, ah yeah yes! This feels so damn good, so good! *continues to masturbate & grope her breast*

Launch (Bad): Ah, ah, ah, ah, AAAHHH! *Squirts like crazy on the wall & floor*

[Bad Launch sneezes and turns back into Good Launch]

Launch (Good): Huh? Oh my did I make this mess?

[Roshi & Krillin comes back while Launch puts back her Shorts n' Panties on]

Krillin (Kid): Hey Launch we're ba---What in the world!!??

Roshi: Launch what are these wet stains around my house!?

Launch (Good): Well I had to pee but I sneezed & it seems like my other half wanted you guys to clean up her mess. Don't worry I clean it up for you.

Roshi: Thanks Launch you do that. (Dammit I can't believe I missed seeing her having that type of fun then again it was her Bad-Self that did this)

Chronicles will be continued on another story.....

*001*2017-11-27 20:16

Do you have a deviantart?i want to talk with you there

*002*2017-11-28 03:44

{{7 hours ago, Queso said:

Do you have a deviantart?i want to talk with you there

}}

Well yes. I just recently got an account on there not too long ago. Is something the matter?

