The Starbucks Drive Through

Author: Goldwood

*000*2022-08-02 23:07

Hiya! Making my Omo debut with a short story I wrote back in 2020. Hope you enjoy!

The Starbucks Drive Through

It was a hectic day at work as Jenny crossed her legs in the drive thru window. She’d taken the job at Starbucks to help her work through college and enjoyed the work most of the time. After two years, she was a natural at making drinks quickly and could recite the full menu and prices for extra pumps without looking. Starbucks' Goldwood location was a relatively small one, and it made for a chill environment.

That all changed once the pandemic hit. After being closed for months, her branch was now open for drive thru only. While she certainly felt safer, the policy did have its drawbacks. The line of cars was seemingly never ending and taking a break during her four hour shifts was almost impossible. The lack of breaktime was what led to Jenny’s predicament now. She still had an hour and a half left and was really starting to regret the free latte she’d paired with half of her water bottle. She took order after order with the line showing no sign of stopping for a much-needed dash to the bathroom. She tapped her foot and began to hum to herself in between cars.

A knock at the door suddenly startled her. Her coworker Ronnie got up from making the drinks and turned to see two young women, a blonde and a brunette, knocking at the door. They said something Jenny couldn’t make out, but Ronnie shook his head and pointed to the sign on the door.

“What was that about?”

“Needed a bathroom. Feel bad turning them away, but I’m not breaking the policy to risk upsetting corporate,” Ronnie said.

“Fair enough,” Jenny said as Ronnie handed her a drink to give to the next car up.

“At least I’m not the only one in this predicament,” Jenny thought to herself. She cast a glance over at the clock. Only an hour and fifteen minutes to go.

Vanessa climbed into Kelly’s CRV and crossed her legs tightly. She’d forgotten to use the restroom at the mall before leaving and the sparkling water she’d been sipping while shopping had definitely caught up with her along with the coke from lunch.

“Thought they’d at least let us in if we had masks on,” Kelly muttered while tying back her blonde hair. “Let’s just get this coffee and go back to my place.”

“Sounds good,” Vanessa said. She could tell that she had to pee more than Kelly, but coffee had been her idea so she knew she couldn’t complain. She’d always had the smaller bladder of the two, but Kelly just so happened to have gone more recently than her this time around. Hopefully it wouldn’t take too long. They pulled into the drive thru line and she gasped at how long it was. At least ten cars were wrapped around the building!

“Maybe we should just go,” Kelly said.

“I agree,” Vanessa said.

Moments before Kelly could put the car in reverse, a truck pulled in behind them. Due to the concrete barrier on the side of the drive thru lane, they were now stuck. “Well never mind,” Kelly said.

Back inside, Jenny was in bad shape. She was sitting with one foot under her butt and tapping the other. Her jeans seemed to fit exceptionally tight with her bladder bump. She continued to squirm before resolving to unbutton her jeans. The top of her lavender panties was on display, but she didn't care. As another car crawled up to the window, she felt the worst pang yet. Still an hour and five minutes to go.

“Five more cars then I HAVE to go,” she told herself. She hated to hold up the line, but was running out of other options.

The moment she thought this, the next car was naturally a family with four indecisive children who kept changing their orders again and again. Jenny scrambled to get the order right and passed it onto Ronnie. He made the drinks only to be told one of them was incorrect. Jenny knew it wasn’t but was in no mood to argue with the mom. After getting the “correct” order back from Ronnie, Jenny looked at the clock. That one car had brunt fifteen minutes alone! No wonder her legs were shaking so badly. Now openly holding herself, he put on a pained smiles as she took the next car’s order.

She was halfway through taking the next order when she gasped. She felt something damp as a few drops of pee seeped into her underwear.

“Is everything alright?” the customer asked.

“Oh, uh yes. I just dropped my pen by accident haha,” Jenny grimaced while struggling to contain the ocean inside her. She would check this woman out and make a mad dash for the bathroom. She had no other choice.

“About time! I’ve been waiting forever! This is the slowest Starbucks ever!” The next woman in line snapped.

Jenny sighed. There was no way she was making this woman wait any longer. She handed her the drink while trying her absolute hardest to keep a straight face as a second leak escaped.

“Next car and I am going!”

About freaking time,” Kelly muttered as they pulled up to the window. Vanessa couldn’t agree with her more. They’d been stuck in line for nearly 40 minutes! Kelly was openly shifting in her seat and Vanessa herself was rocking back and forth while tapping her foot.

“Hi a café mocha and caramel macchiato for Kelly,” Kelly said.

“Ah yes that’ll be $11.12 drinks will be out in a few minutes. We’ve had some uh… delays,” the drive thru girl said. The second she finished speaking, Vanessa saw her bolt up and hurry away from the window.

“You’ve gotta be kidding!” Vanessa exclaimed. There was no doubt about where in the restaurant she was going.

“Hang in there Ness,” Kelly assured her. “Thank goodness my place has two bathrooms though,” she giggled.

Jenny took off running the second the drive through customers were out of sight.

“What the-“ Ronnie stammered.

“I have to pee!” Jenny shouted. A three second spurt leaked as she ran. It was going to be a close call. She threw the bathroom door open and ran in. She frantically shut it and latched the door. She then looked down to untie her apron. Another spurt leaked as Jenny realized she made a terrible mistake. This was the longest spurt yet and it soaked through her jeans and onto the apron. Jenny scrambled to yank her jeans down as her exhausted bladder finally caved. She wet herself in full force as a golden waterfall flooded her jeans and now dark purple panties. She sat on the toilet, but only the last few seconds of her stream made it in. Time slowed down as she struggled to comprehend having an accident that badly at age 22.

“I can’t go out there like this…”

Vanessa shoved her hand into her crotch begging her striped panties to remain dry. “This was the worst idea ever,” she said through gritted teeth.

“No kidding,” said Kelly. “I haven’t had to go this badly since I nearly wet myself in line at Six Flags.”

“I haven’t had to go this badly since I DID wet myself on that road trip to visit Olivia,” Vanessa said.

Kelly laughed only to catch herself. “Not the time for that.”

“Hi! Café mocha and iced caramel macchiato for Kelly.”

Vanessa looked up and saw that the girl from earlier had been replaced by a brown haired boy.

“Thank you so much!” Kelly said. She took the coffee, handed the tray to Vanessa and pulled out as fast as she could.

“Drive, drive drive!” Vanessa insisted. She could feel a few leaks escape.

“No, I was thinking about parking on the shoulder and walking home,” Kelly said sarcastically. “I’ll take Highway 23 since that road let’s go 60.”

“Good plan,” Vanessa agreed. 23 was a bit of a back country road, with a longer distance in miles, but a shorter trip due to a faster speed limit and fewer lights. Kelly turned onto 23 and Vanessa watched the speedometer crank up to 50, then 60, then 70.

“Fewer cops on 23 too,” Kelly laughed.

They sped along the highway until a loud pop shook the car. Vanessa was thrown backwards as Kelly pulled off the road and into a ditch.

“Fuck! I hit a nail. Flat tire.”

“That’s not our only problem!” Vanessa shouted. The wild swings in momentum were far too much for her distraught bladder to handle. She scrambled to grab the door handle as a torrent of urine poured through her white shorts. Vanessa frantically clamped her sphincter shut and flung the door open. She hopped into the grass fighting to hold on just a little longer and yank her shorts down. She managed to unzip them before a second wave came, and there was no stopping this one.

Vanessa sighed as her final attempts to fight the flood did nothing.

“Nice stripes!” Kelly shouted as Vanessa’s shorts became see through.

“Very funny Kell. Let me call David from work. He lives out this way and is good at mechanic stuff,” Vanessa said. She dialed his number twice but both went straight to voicemail. “Band practice on Saturdays,” she remembered.

“Well my phone died at the mall,” Kelly said. “Any other ideas?”

“Not at the moment,” Vanessa sighed.

“Thanks Ronnie. You’re best!” Jenny told him as he finished the last car of their shift and started to mop the floor. “I’d give you a hug, but uh…”

“I appreciate the thought,” Ronnie said. The truth was that he’d welcome a hug from Jenny in her current state, but knew no way of saying that without sounding weird. He gave her his coat to tie around her waist, and they headed out as the next two workers started the closing shift. He walked Jenny to her car and she handed him the jacket. “Hope that doesn’t smell too badly.”

“I was going to do laundry and watch basketball one I got home anyway,” Ronnie said.

“Oh. Well that that timed itself well,” Jenny said. “See you on our next shift.”

“See ya,” Ronnie said. He climbed into his car happily humming to himself still amazed by what he’d witnessed at work. It was the perfect night to turn up the music and take the long way home. Since he was still new to Goldwood, he booted up Waze and punched in the Highway 23 route to his apartment.

He got about ten minutes down the road when the app spoke up. “Stopped vehicle ahead.” Ronnie looked off to the side to see a red CRV on the shoulder with its hazards flashing. One girl sat on the hood playing on her phone while the other appeared to be dancing around.

“Everything alright?” Ronnie asked.

The brunette sitting on the hood hopped down and walked over. She looked vaguely familiar for a reason he couldn’t quite place. “We’ve got a flat tire and Kell’s already using her spare at the back. You don’t happen to know of a tire place that’s still open, do you?”

Ronnie tried to focus on the girl, but for some reason his jacket began to smell a lot stronger. He looked back at her and his eyes focused on her soaked shorts. She noticed him staring and blushed.

“It’s been a long day,” she said.

“I can tell,” Ronnie chuckled. “But to answer your question, Tires for Less closed at six. They’re my usual go to. I think Matt’s Tires is closed as well.”

“Great…” she said. “Hey Kell, come over when you’ve hit the high score on Just Dance.”

“I am dancing in order to stay dry unlike someone else! You two just figure something out before I- "

The blonde girl froze.

“There’s no way,” Ronnie thought to himself.

A damp spot formed on Kelly’s denim skirt before it expanded and a forceful jet of pee ran down her legs. She cupped a hand over her mouth while Ronnie struggle to contain his excitement and her friend laughed hysterically. The damp patch covered most her skirt by the time the last few droplets hit the ground.

“Well, you two must have had a lot to drink,” Ronnie said awkwardly.

“Water, coke, and Starbucks will do that to you,” the brunette said.

Ronnie paused at the mention of Starbucks. He put two and two together and realized they were the same girls that had needed the bathroom over two hours prior. He considered saying something but didn’t want to risk embarrassing them further. Instead, he popped open his trunk and took out his own spare before walking it over. “I think that’s actually close enough to a fit.”

“Then let’s try it,” the brunette said.

Ronnie grabbed his jack, and sure enough, his spare worked. As he tightened the last lugnut, the brunette approached him. “Let’s swap numbers and we’ll get the spare back to you later in the week,” she said.

“Sounds good,” Ronnie said. He handed over his phone and she saved her number as a contact called “Vanessa C”. He entered his own number as “Ronnie A” and handed her phone back.

“Thanks so much for your help!” Vanessa said.

“No problem,” Ronnie said. He took one last look at the blue stripes of Vanessa’s underwear visible through her soaked shorts as she walked off.

He rolled his window up, turned on the music and drove home. He headed inside and sat down on the couch when his phone buzzed.

Vanessa Ronnie, you’re the man!

He couldn’t help but chuckle. “Best day of work ever.”

*002*2022-08-09 23:50

{{18 hours ago, StarCommand said:

Awesome story! I loved it!

}}

Glad to hear it! Thank you!

