Invigilating

Author: Guest beth

*000*2017-01-23 16:54

Red faced, panting and sweating despite the freezing cold air, I slammed my hand against the front wall of the house. My watch read: 07:49. Not my best time, but at least I'll make it to the exam. Downing my bottle of water, I entered and set the shower running to heat up while I grabbed another drink to quench my raging thirst.

Twenty minutes later I was out of the door, clad in a pair of light blue skinny jeans and my tattered university hoody. I half-jogged to the university, ready to take on my bi-annual role of invigilator. I made it to the building with three minutes to spare and wandered down the hall in search of the toilets, knowing I was in a three hour exam today. It was one of those annoying buildings with one per floor, alternating in gender, and to my dismay I was pee-er non grata on the ground floor. I span on my heels and marched off in search of stairs, but was stopped by Gavin, my co-invigilator.

"Morning, Becky," he smiled "you're going the wrong way, we're over here today"

"Thanks, Gav, but I'm just off for a quick pee before we start."

"You sure? The students will be here any minute."

Too polite to waste anyone's time I tried the time-honoured test of trying to let a little out and, coming back dry, decided I'd be okay to wait for the end of the exam. We walked to the room together chatting about nothing in particular, and set up the desks with papers before allowing the students in. We read the riot act and began the exam; only after the first half hour of the exam did my mind return to my bladder. I could feel it steadily filling up and cast my mind back over the morning, realising that I hadn't peed since waking up in the middle of the night and had, in my efforts to stay hydrated, had quite a lot to drink in the morning. A surge of panic swept over me which I managed to quickly calm; my bladder was only filling up slowly and I could almost certainly make it.

Another half hour passed and I was proved wrong. Sidling up to Gavin I whispered "Is there any chance of me getting a toilet break?"

"Sorry, love, we're the only exam in this building, no chance of anyone coming to take your place."

Shit. I could feel the pressure building in my abdomen and knew I was in for a tricky ride.

"It's just, ladies problems" I lied, hoping Gavin's manners would convince him to bend the rules.

"Oh. Right. Erm... Why don't you go behind the big desk at the back for some privacy and see what you can do, and I'll text to see if anyone can come over from another building."

I obliged, shuffling to the back of the room where I grabbed my bag and sat behind the big desk, pretending to attend to my fake problem. I rummaged in my bag and pulled out a pad, forgetting I'd made the whole thing up to avoid admitting I had to pee. I decided to make the most of the cover, and slid it into my knickers, hoping it would stay in place and help it the worst came to the worst. Gavin's phone buzzed at the front of the room, and he shook his head at me with an apologetic look.

Two hours in and I was bursting. Gavin had kindly allowed me to sit down at the back while he patrolled the room, but still my need was unbearable. Made worse by the seemingly constant flow of students getting up to be escorted to the toilet. Watching them squirm as they left made me feel slightly better, but their relieved faces on return made my bladder scream in protest. Luckily for me it was an engineering exam, so there was only one female student, who hadn't needed escorting yet. I watched the clock slowly tick, urging my aching urethra to stay closed as my bladder grew rock solid.

Finally only half an hour remained, I had almost made it. I could imagine myself now, sat on that glorious porcelain bowl, emptying my poor, stretched bladder with an almighty flow. I clenched and slid a hand into my now unbuttoned jeans to stop an eager spurt. I mustn't think about peeing. I mustn't think about peeing.

The female student raised her hand, Gavin nodded at me and indicated her with his eyebrows. I stood up and waddled towards her, my body begging for release with each step.

"Are you finished?" I asked

"No, sorr. I erm. I have to go." She blushed

"So you are finished?"

"No, I have to go."

"Right, okay," I grimaced, "come with me"

I led her out of the room and into the corridor, we stood at the lifts, both of us shifting from foot to foot. She was a very small girl, fidgeting with the hem of her dress as we waited.

After what seemed like an eternity the lift arrived, we stepped in and went up to the first floor. As if it was excited a toilet was near, my subconscious made my bladder clench and send a squirt into my pad. We exited the lift and the student walked quickly towards the toilet door.

"Hold on!" I shouted, "I have to check they're empty first."

She stopped dead in her tracks outside the door and bent over, shoving her hands in her crotch and dancing from foot to foot.

"Please be quick then, it's really urgent."

I opened the toilet door and found a room full of closed stalls, I walked around, checking each one, losing control for half a second every time I opened a door, my bladder begging me for the relief that was a foot away. Finding the room to be empty I walked back out to find the girl with her dress hiked up, both hands buried in her crotch, no longer caring what I saw or thought.

"All clear" I smiled, my body protesting at having to leave the toilet so full.

She barged through the door, leaving me outside, only able to imagine the relief we both so urgently needed. Suddenly another girl came flying round the corner, running towards the toilet.

"Can I go in?" She asked, hopping from foot to foot

"Yes." I said, "but that means I have to..."

Before I could finish my sentence she was in, and I followed her, greeted by the sight of my student pissing like a racehorse with the door wide open. For such a small girl she could hold a lot of pee.

The other girl burst into a stall, but managed to lock the door before I was greeted with the noise of her powerful stream hitting the water. I couldn't control myself. I started weeing and had totally saturated my pad by the time I had clamped down with both hands. The student was now wiping herself, and came out of her stall with a relieved grin "that was close!" she laughed.

"Look," I begged "I'd never usually ask this but please could you just wait there for a second while I go?"

"Sorry, but I really need all the time I have in the exam." She grinned. That little bitch was enjoying this. "Shall we go?"

And so it was that I left the bathroom for the second time, still no more relieved than before.

We returned to the exam room, and for the last 20 minutes I was confined to behind my desk, shaking my legs and grasping my bits to try and keep my bladder under control. At first I just about managed it, but when Gavin gave the fifteen minute warning I knew I had no chance. I gave in and let nature run its course, flooding my knickers and jeans with hot, well-diluted pee. At first the pain was incredible, my bladder forcing pee out at too slow a rate for its satisfaction cramping as I filled my pants, but in the end the relief took over, I shuddered with ecstasy as I finally fully emptied myself.

And that, dear reader, is why the first thing I now do after a run, is pee!

