Shopping Desperation

Author: Guest HondaGuy

*000*2017-07-16 04:37

Mandy and Erica walked into the mall and felt the cool rush of the air conditioning. It was so hot outside that day, and both girls were glad to be inside after the long walk from the car. Mandy just started to feel some pressure in between her legs. She knew it wasn't the best idea to drink an entire large sweet tea on the way there, but she loved drinking tea every chance she got. They started walking around the mall to find one of their favorite clothing stores. Both girls were dressed cute that day. Mandy was wearing pink shorts, a white tank top, and her black flip flops. She liked to dress comfortably while still showing off her nice legs and perky boobs for all the guys to see. Erica was wearing tight, black spandex shorts, a blue t shirt, and her favorite pair of white flip flops. She too wanted to be just comfortable on this hot day.

As they approached the store, Mandy felt increasing pressure between her legs. She just finished her tea 10 minutes ago, and was surprised it was already filling up her bladder! They began looking around the store and after 15 minutes, Erica had picked out a few things to try on. Mandy followed over her to the changing rooms and waited for Erica to try on a couple pairs of shorts. Whenever they would go shopping together, they'd always show each other the clothes they were trying on. Erica went into the changing room, and as Mandy waited, her attention was drawn to the steadily filling bladder. All the tea was making her bladder feel heavy, which caused her to cross her legs to make her more comfortable. A couple minutes went by and Erica finally came out to show Mandy the shorts she wanted to buy.

"How do these look?" Erica said, spinning around so Mandy could see form all angles.

"Yeah, those look great! Mandy replied. "Can you hurry up and change again, so we can go find a bathroom?"

"You peed right before we left your house!" Erica said. "Let me change and checkout, then we'll go find a bathroom."

Erica went back into the changing room and began changing out of the mint green shorts and back to her spandex shorts. Mandy's bladder was becoming pretty by this point, but she continued to hang on since she knew they'd find a bathroom soon. Erica came out of the changing room and they both walked to the checkout station. Unfortunately for Mandy, there was a line of 6 people ahead of them.

"So, I really like they way these new shorts fit... They make my butt look great and they don't show my pantyline!" Erica said.

"Yeah I know! Now if only this line would hurry up! I really gotta pee!" Mandy replied.

"Come on, Mandy, you can't be that desperate yet. You just peed when we left your house." Erica always liked to make fun of Mandy's small bladder. Erica works out a lot, and therefore, drinks a lot of water. She's trained her bladder to more and for longer so that she can last a while even when she's had a lot to drink. Mandy's bladder, on the other hand, is really small and unable to hold for a long time. Her mother and her sister are the same way; she said it runs in the family.

"I knowwww" Mandy uncrossed and crossed her legs again, her flip flops slapping on the tile floor, "But I drank so much tea. Please just let me go when we're done here."

A few minutes went by, as the checkout line moved. Mandy kept crossing and uncrossing her legs the entire time. Erica finally got her turn and paid for her new shorts. The girls walked out of the store and began their search for a bathroom. Mandy's tiny bladder was almost to full capacity now. "I gotta go pee so bad!!!" she pleaded.

"Hold on. I wanna go in this store real quick and buy some new panties. I promise it'll only be five minutes. You can hold your pee!" Erica said as she directed Mandy into another store. They looked around and Erica picked out some new underwear that she wanted.

Mandy's bladder felt so heavy and swollen by now. She felt like she was going to burst any second. She started shifting her legs and holding her crotch. "Erica, I reallyyyy gotta pee! Hurry up!!"

"Oh my god. Fine. Ill check out and we'll go." Erica made her way to the check out and paid for her new underwear. She had picked out three new thongs, all with stripes, as that was her favorite style.

The girls started walking to the nearest bathroom. Mandy was about to burst! Her bladder filled so fast and she wasn't good at holding it to begin with.

"I see the sign!" she exclaimed!

The bathrooms were straight ahead and to the left down a hallway.

"Im about to pee my pants!" Mandy said in desperation. "My bladder is so full after all that tea I drank."

"You better not have to go on the way home, cause I am NOT stopping for you." Erica sternly explained. Her and Mandy were great friends but nothing annoyed her more than stopping in the middle of a car ride for a potty break.

Mandy's desperation worsened the closer she got to the bathroom. Her bladder was overstretched and full of pee. She finally made it to the bathroom but was greeted with a group of three young girls. She knew she couldn't push herself in front of innocent children. She stood there, pee dancing, as she awaited her turn. The sound of flushing toilets was torture for her. She doubled over and grabbed her crotch tightly and pushed her finger into her pee hole to prevent any leaks. A stall opened, and one of the girls went inside. Soon enough, another stall opened and the next girl went in. A small leak dribbled out from Mandy's tight bladder. She knew there wasn't much time. Finally, another stall opened and Mandy was up next. 

"I need to pee sooooo bad!!!" she muttered to herself. A toilet flushed and another stall opened. Mandy darted inside and locked the door. She frantically unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts. She felt a couple more drops come out as she positioned herself over the toilet. She then peeled down her shorts and her purple thong and sat down on the toilet. She released all the tension that was holding her bladder shut and let out a loud, powerful stream of clear pee. She was embarrassed at how loud and hissy it was, but it felt so good that she just didn't care. Pee rushed out of her for about 30 seconds, and then slowed to a trickle. She sighed and rubbed her aching bladder. After the last few drops escaped, she wiped herself and put her clothes back on. After leaving the stall and washing her hands, she met back up with Erica.

"What took you so long???"

"You don't understand... It felt so good to finally go potty!"

*004*2017-07-21 01:47

{{On 7/19/2017 at 2:44 PM, Heloctre said:

Great story.

In other chapter, the blader of Mandy will resist wet ?

}}

Hmmm, i think we could make that happen LOL

*005*2017-09-03 02:30

After lunch, the two girls decided to separate for a bit. Erica wanted to go look at new running shoes, and Mandy wanted to visit her friend Lizzy, who works at Hollister.

"Oh hey there!" Lizzy exclaimed as soon as she saw Mandy.

"Hey! How are you doing?" Mandy replied.

"Oh... not too bad..." Lizzy and the other girls working were trying to promote the store's new line of swimwear. Lizzy was wearing a black bikini top, which showed off her large boobs quite well, really short dark blue denim shorts, and black flip flops. Lizzy was rather tall, with smooth, tan legs. Underneath her shorts, she was wearing a lime green thong.

Mandy could tell Lizzy was uncomfortable. She stood with her legs crossed tightly and shuffled around every few seconds. You could hear her flip flops slide across the floor every time she changed her position.

"So, how has work been today?" Mandy asked. Her bladder was filling up again from all the water she drank at lunch but she still wanted to hang out and see Lizzy and do some more shopping.

"It was soooo busy this morning!!! I got here at 8:00, and I didn't get my usual morning break..." Lizzy looked at her phone and it was now 1:17. "I can't take my break until 1:30!"

"Oh thats not so bad then. Youve got like 10 more minutes," Mandy just brushed it off.

Lizzy clenched her thighs tighter and leaned in, "I gotta pee sooooo bad!" she whined.

Mandy's bladder was quickly becoming heavier and heavier, so she was thinking about her growing need too. "You can hold it," she said this partially to reassure her friend but also for her own sake. "Im going to look around for a bit" she said as she walked away.

"Hey!... Wait here until I go on break!" Lizzy said as she doubled-over in desperation.

Mandy quickly browsed the tank tops but then moved on to the sandals. She found a pair she liked and wanted to try them on. She kicked off her flip flops and bent over to slip the sandals onto her feet. As soon as she reached her toes, she felt her bladder being squeezed. A dribble of pee came out, followed by a gentle moan. She realized just how full her bladder was now. She glanced at her phone: 1:25. Only 5 more minutes before Lizzy went on break. Mandy tried to slide the sandals off her feet without bending over again, but she just couldn't do it. She had to lean over again, causing another leak in her already damp panties. She hung them back up and walked over to Lizzy, hoping she could leave early. Mandy's bladder felt really full. It was already harder for her to hold it when she drank water, as it made her bladder feel really heavy.

"Can you leave yet? I really have to pee too!"

"Yeah we can go now... Ive been waiting long enough. I gotta go potty soooo bad!!!"

The two girls left the store and quickly walked to find a bathroom. Lizzy was always kinda curious about Mandy and she knew just how to make this work to her benefit.

"I've been holding my pee for soooo long," Lizzy explained. "And you know how I get when I have to pee..." Lizzy was very much like Mandy in this regard. When her bladder started to fill, it filled up fast since its so small. Lizzy always became very irritable when she has to pee, since her bladder is weak.

"Oooohhhh i gotta go pee too!!!!" Mandy pleaded.

"Theres a bathroom right around the corner here," Lizzy said as she led Mandy down the hall. After a few more steps, Lizzy opened the door to the single-stall family restroom. "Theres never a line here, so its where I always go pee." Lizzy nudged Mandy into the bathroom with her and closed the door. "Wow Im about to burst haha!"

"Wow all that water is going right through me," Mandy said as she shuffled around. Lizzy ripped off her shorts, peeled down her panties, and took a seat on the toilet. "Lizzy, hurry up, I gotta go peeeee!!!"

A single drip escape Lizzy's bladder. She began to smile. Then, a trickle started to come out, which quickly grew to a thick stream. Lizzy was enjoying the sweet relief she had been anxiously waiting for, while Mandy was still hanging on. As Lizzy finished up and wiped, Mandy started undressing. She unbuttoned her pink shorts and let them fall to the floor. She shaked them off of her legs and then noticed she was barefoot. In her desperation, she was too distracted to remember her flip flops at the store. A trickle of pee ran from her bright purple panties, down her leg, and onto her right foot. "Lizzy! Hurry up!!! I can't hold it!" she yelled. "Im leaking!"

Lizzy stood up and Mandy sat down after pulling down her panties. Mandy always peed with her legs open, and this gave Lizzy a priceless view. Clear pee gushed out of Mandy's desperate bladder. Mandy inspected her panties, which were wet from her leaks. "Nooo, I just got these" she informed Lizzy.

"Here, mine are mostly dry," Lizzy said as she took off her lime green thong, "We wear the same size underwear anyway,"

Mandy's bladder was now empty and completely deflated. She wiped herself clean and switched panties. "Thank you! But what about my shoes?"

Lizzy put her shorts back on, as she was now going commando. "Just come with me, I dont think you'll get caught. Security isn't too strict about people not wearing shoes anyway,"

