A Long Journey: Spirit Animal Fanfic

Author: Golden Queen

*000*2019-03-01 23:13

Rollan shifted in his seat, cursing Eura’s dreary weather for sending him rain. The team was trudging through the plains at a break-necking pace, sleeping only when necessary to remain alert. Throughout the day, Rollan had downed multiple canteens of water, to the point in which Tarik had scolded him for wasting their supply.

As the sun sank beneath the horizon, Rollan began to regret his decision immensely.

As the horses began to pass over a particularly bumpy trail, Rollan had to bite his lip to keep quiet. The liquids he had consumed that day felt heavy against the walls of his bladder, toying with his impending urge. He squirmed again, closing his eyes and wishing the pulses away. He could hold it until they set up camp. No need to slow the others down just because he had to pee.

Oh god, don’t think about that, he cringed. Keep your thoughts dry, just like your pants.

The sky grew darker, and before long, night had settled in. Rollan bit his lip harder, this time drawing blood. His leg jiggled violently, whole body in constant motion. At one point, he felt the unmistakable urge to hold himself, causing a moan to erupt from the back of his throat. He was full, so absolutely full. His muscles loosened and for a split second, he felt the sting of urine near release-

“Rollan!”

Rollan awoke from his trance just in time to reach down and squeeze himself tightly. The urine retreated back into the pulsing, shuddering bulge inside him.

Meilin was staring at him, eyes fixed on his hands. Rollan blushed and yanked them away, cursing himself for being so soft. “Y-Yes?” He stammered, hoping she hadn’t seen his face grow two shades darker.

There was a pause. “Tarik said that we’re going to stop for camp in a couple hours. He was asking if everyone could make it until then.” He wasn’t positive, Rollan could have sworn he heard a hint of breathiness in her voice.

"A-Actually, I was wondering if maybe we could... you know... stop for a minute.” Again, he hoped the dark masked his red face.

Meilin’s eyes twinkled as she raised her eyebrows. “What’s wrong, Rollan? Can’t hold your waters like the rest of us?”

Rollan struggled, mouth opening and closing as he searched for a clever retort. Unfortunately, in his shaken state, he found none.

Meilin smiled mischievously, reaching over and pushing hard of his boiling lump. Rollan winced and almost moaned again, though managed to stifle the sound.

“Incredible...” Meilin breathed. Rollan wasn’t sure if she had meant to say it out loud or not.

Meilin’s hand rested there for a moment, as though feeling the tightness of his skin. Then, grazing her fingers against his hot flesh, she pulled away.

Rollan panted, shocked at how breathless the moment had left him. He glanced at Meilin, whose arm hung limply at her side. She closed her eyes and sighed, shaking her head as though clearing it from a bad dream.

“I-I’m sorry,” she murmured. “I just... I wasn’t thinking.”

Rollan stared at her, still radiating from the effect of her teasing. Then he said something that took even him by surprise.

“I can hold it.”

Meilin glanced up, mouth already open to protest.

And then she saw Rollan’s bulging bladder, his trembling muscles, and the pleasure written all over his face. Her mouth opened, and a low moan floated out, her mind fluttering over boundaries she could never cross.

“Please,” she whispered, barely audible above the clack of hooves. “Please do.”

To Be Continued...

