The Bucket Costs Three Silver

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2020-01-17 01:45

At best, Lacey imagined she could only last another half hour or so, and that’s being generous. She could feel it between the soft shivers of her clammy thighs; all it would take was a wave strong enough and her whole body would cave, her muscles would give in to the temptation of sweet watery relief and she’d soil herself.

There was no choice: If she wouldn’t be allowed to use the privy until morning, then she’d have to find… other methods of relieving herself. Thankfully, there was one solution that Lacey had been eyeing up for a while, though she detested the idea - An old rusted bucket in the middle of her cell.

She rolled over onto her side and gazed at the bucket, staring at the splintered wood in the moonlight. It was a sight as tempting as any, one that made Lacey’s lip quiver as it conjured thoughts of sweet relief. “That’s w-what it’s there for… r-right?” She told herself.

Never in her life had she used a bucket as a lavatory, and up until now, right when she was on the verge of yellowing her pristine silken knickers, she’d never entertained the idea. They weren’t acceptable vessels for a lady to tinkle in, but desperate times called for desperate measures and as she felt an impatient twinge between her legs, Lacey knew this was as desperate a time as any.

“I’m going to do it…” She whispered, steeling herself from the shame of what was to come.

After taking a deep breath, she threw aside her sheets and shifted slowly across her bed and toward the ladder. She climbed down, one hand on the ladder and the other between her legs, plugging her spigot.

The snoring beast did not stir in the bed beneath her. Billie lay unconscious, her blanket thrown aside, draped on the floor, revealing her naked legs glimmering in the moonlight.

It appears she didn’t enjoy sleeping with her knickers on either, the only covering she had between her legs was the hem of her long white tunic and even then Lacey could still see tufts of black pubic hair above her slit. It seems didn’t enjoy shaving either.

Lacey slowly placed a foot on the floor, and immediately recoiled in surprise as her bare feet met with stone as cold as ice.

“Eep.” She cried out, suppressing it by covering her mouth.

Still, Billie didn’t budge at the sound. She groaned, her lips twitching, and rolled on her side. She reached behind her and stuck a hand between her round, pudgy cheeks. She started to scratch her arse, digging her fingers deeper between her cheeks and giving her hole a good scratch. Her dumb grin returned as her fingers seemed to go deeper than Lacey cared to think about.

While Billie scratched her arse, Lacey stood in the shadows, waiting for her to stop. She’d stopped moving, freezing in place the second she’d heard Billie stirring.

“Oooh…” Billie sighed, pulling her hand out from between her cheeks and rolling over onto her other side, now exposing her pale arse to the moonlight.

“Okay.” Lacey sighed, wiping a nervous bead of sweat from her forehead. “Uuu… I really need to pee.” She whimpered, her clammy thighs quivering, struggling to support her weight. She stared at the bucket across the room, grinning as she fantasized about the relief she was about to experience.

Just a few steps and she could pee to her heart’s content.

However, upon taking her first step, she felt something grab her wrist. She had no idea what it was, and the only response Lacey could muster was to leap up in fright. It took all of her strength, both mentally and physically to stop a fearful leak from escaping.

She yelped, her whole going cold. Once again she stood frozen in fear, the only part of her that moved during this frightful ordeal were her lower lips, quivering as they longed for that first taste of relief.

“Where are you off too?” It was Billie, and she didn’t sound too happy.

Like a rat caught in a trap, Lacey didn’t move. She remained silent, refusing to make any sound even as Billie tightened her grip around her delicate wrist.

The only response Lacey could muster was to bite her lip. Fear was causing her to struggle, wrapping her tongue up in knots like a ripe. She couldn’t speak a word.

“Out with it!” Billie yelled, tightening her grip around Lacey’s wrist.

“I… I need to relieve myself…” Lacey finally mustered the courage to speak, though she was timid like a mouse.

“Is that so?” Billie relinquished her grip on Lacey’s wrist and pushed her back. Judging by how she spoke, Lacey could tell she was grinning, and not in a friendly way. “Well, we’re not allowed to use the privy until morning, so where are you going to do it?”

“I…” Lacey smacked her lips, feeling her mouth go dry. “I… was going to go in the… in the bucket.” Never had any words sounded so shameful - A Lady, a Noble, a child of Lord Emon and she was forced to admit to a commoner that she intended to take a pee into a rusty old bucket.

The very instant she heard Lacey say the word bucket, Billie’s grin grew from ear to ear, the moonlight adding a sinister air to her smile. It harboured intentions that Lacey couldn’t even begin to imagine.

“That bucket over there?” Bille said, pointing a finger toward the bucket. “Hmm, I don’t know. I’m quite fond of that bucket. It means quite a lot to me.”

“I… what?” Lacey had no idea how to reply. What kind of person was sentimental for a rancid old piss bucket? What kind of nut job had she been locked up with.

“But I suppose if you’ve gotta go, you’ve gotta go. You’re more than welcome to use it.” She grabbed Lacey’s arm again and this time pulled herself toward her. “For three silver.”

“E-Excuse me?” Lacey again was lost for words, but deep down she knew she should’ve expected this. This wasn’t the first time Billie had tried to get money out of her. Still, even when she heard it the second time, that did not stop it from sounding as absurd as hearing it for the first time.

“You heard me.” Billie giggled. “The bucket costs three silver.”

“That’s ridiculous!” Lacey blurted out. “That’s as ridiculous as charging me five silver to use the lavatory! I’m not paying that!” For once, Lacey stood up for herself and refused to listen to another word.

She stormed off toward the bucket, her hand fiddling beneath her dress to get her knickers down.

However, she only made it a few more steps before she was again interrupted. A tall shadow cast itself over her. When she turned around, she saw Billie sitting up on her bed, her smirk fading.

Even she was sitting down she looked tall, and without pants and the majesty of her untrimmed bush on view, she was still a terrifying presence. “Three silver.” She repeated, baring her teeth like a snarling beast. “Take it or leave it.”

“I don’t even have three silver!” Lacey huffed. “How on earth would I even get three silver in here? They took my purse when I was arrested.”

With a lewd grin, Billie gave her slit a gentle pat. “That’s not my problem.” She giggled. “When you’ve got silver we can do business… well, you can do your business.” She lay back down in her bed and turned on her side. “Until then… you can talk to my arse.”

No, this time Lacey wasn’t going to let herself be bullied by this brute of a girl. She’d already let herself get into this horrible situation and she wouldn’t stand for it any longer. She was dying for a pee and nothing was going to stop her from using that bucket. With a stalwart gaze on her face, Lacey sucked up any fear she had left in her and charged onward toward the bucket.

“Well… y-you can’t stop me.” Lacey said, holding her head up high. Maybe it was just from being so desperate, but she was going to let nothing stop her. She would pee!

The bed frame moaned, creaking under Billie’s weight as she once again sat up. “What was that?” Her voice was cold, like a deadly beast had been awakened from its slumber.

That cold, merciless voice was enough to cause Lacey to freeze. The Noble stood, feet rooted to the ground by fear alone. She trembled, a fearful shiver running up her body. She was almost certain she felt a leak escape.

“Hehe…” She giggled nervously, the colour draining from her face. “I said,,, y-you can stop me, and I’ll just be going back to bed.” Lacey’s attempt at bravery though valiant, had failed spectacularly, and with quivering lips and a bulging bladder unrelieved, Lacey dragged herself back to bed.

Denied the use of the bucket, Lacey waddled back to bed, doing her best to conceal how desperately she needed to go. She may have failed at being brave, but that didn’t mean she was going to give Billie the satisfaction of seeing her break under her stupid rules.

It was a struggle, a truly monumental struggle for the Noble. She kept her thighs squeezed tightly together, letting her clammy legs rub against each other. It caused her to walk awkwardly, like her feet were weighed down. Each step she took was a violent knock against her full bladder, giving her a cruel reminder of how full she truly was.

She could feel a small bulge protruding from her lower tummy. It was hard like a rock. Her bladder couldn’t hold anymore, she was right at her limit and she had to let it out. Somewhere. If she couldn’t do something soon, within the next few minutes at the most, she knew how this would end - with a sopping wet pair of knickers.

She climbed back to the top bunk, taking a moment to push herself against the ladder as a powerful wave against rocked her whole body. The only relief she got from the cry of her bladder was the pressure as she pushed the rungs of the ladder between her legs.

Once she was back in bed, Lacey lay down on her side, fearful of the pain she’d feel if she dared to lie down on her tummy. Between her legs the urges welled like a powerful storm. A strong, watery wave rocked her little boat. Again, she crossed her legs and pressed her fingers up against her spigot, plugging her maidenly spout. She ground her teeth until the discomfort passed.

She tried to think of a solution, something she could do to appease Billie. There had to be something she could do to forgo paying her stupid toll. She rolled onto her back and looked up at the ceiling, lying in deep thought for a short while.

All day Lacey watched Billie dealing with people, though she kept it to herself. All she knew was that Billie was selling things and once the day was over, she happily counted out the silver she’d made.

Suddenly, Lacey had an idea. Maybe that was it - If Billie fancied herself a “merchant” then perhaps she’d be open to some light bartering. Being the daughter of a Lord, Lacey had plenty to trade; even her skivvies though soaked through with sweat, were worth more than a measly three silver.

She turned on her side and gently inched herself to the edge of the bed. “What if we traded?” She asked, her voice frail and soft now that she was at her limit.

“What if we did?” Billie replied with a clear tone of disinterest.

Lacey was struggling to talk already. Every ounce of strength she had left was focused between her legs, clamping off her quivering dam and keeping water where it belonged. She couldn’t even argue. All she could do was hit and hope, praying that Billie would want something in exchange for letting her pee in the bucket.

“My boots… Dragon Leather - that’s worth way more than three silver.” She whimpered, grimacing as she heard the desperation in her own voice.

“Dragon Leather?” As from a dragon?” Billie inquired, now sounding somewhat interested.

“Y-Yes.” Lacey whimpered, biting down on her lip. “They’re yours if I can u-use the bucket.”

There was a moment of silence, one that lasted longer than Lacey would’ve liked.

“Yeah right.” Billie scoffed. “Do you think I’m that gullible?” She lifted a leg and ripped a bed-rattling fart. “That’s all I’ll offer you for your “Dragon Leather” Take it or leave it.”

“Ooh…” Lacey whimpered, defeated.

If she wanted to appease Billie, she’d have to bring something better than her boots, and there was still something that she had to trade. The very thought made her blush, and if she wasn’t on the brink of pissing herself she wouldn’t have considered it. “Well… w-what about… my k-knickers? R-Real Veruvan silk.”

“Your skivvies?” Billie said with a cackle. “Actually…” She went quiet for a second, obviously absorbed in thought. “Tell you what, I’ll buy your skivvies off you. If you piss in them.”

“W-What!?” Lacey nearly screamed. There were no words to describe how she felt hearing something so vulgar; her cheeks flared up red and suddenly she felt faint. “If I piss myself!?”

“Yep.” Answered Billie. “There’s quite a few people who’d pay a fortune for a pair of soiled skivvies.”

Lacey didn’t need any longer than a second to give her answer. “I’m not going to sell my soiled underwear to you!” She yelled.

“That’s a shame.” Billie yawned and the frame of the bed creaked. “You know, with all this talk of pissing, it’s making me need to go.” She stood up from the bed, scratching her arse sleepily.

She strolled across the cell, toward the bucket and kicked it into the moonlight. She stepped into the light, making sure Lacey could see her. Only her chest was covered, and in the silvery light her arse glimmered, as did her strong legs and bare feet.

At first, Lacey hadn’t noticed that Billie had quite the legs on her, though the only time she had seen them was when Billie was seated on the privy. Her legs were strong, but slender, growing slightly plumper around her thighs and butt, drawing attention to her rear.

When she turned around, Lacey could again see Billie’s maidenhood, her lower lips clearly visible beneath the hem of her tunic, surrounded by a forest of pubic hair.

Billie hovered over the bucket, wiggling her plump backside over it, savouring the next few seconds. She lowered herself down and plopped herself down atop it, the fat of her thighs slowly sinking into the aged wood as she shuffled her butt to get comfortable.

Then, the faintest sound of tinkling resonated between her legs “Ahh~” She sighed.

She lifted her head back, sighed, and played with her hair as she did her business in the bucket. She bit down on her lip and strained, the trickling between her legs intensified, growing heavier, like a heaving downpour she pissed a mighty stream against the wood of the bucket.

“Ooooh~” She sighed again, leaning forward and resting her elbows on her thighs and her chin on her hands.

Lacey gulped, the sounds proving stressful on her poor bulging bladder, cutting right through her.

As Billie’s water splattered noisily against the bucket, the sound resonating loudly through their cell, Lacey seized up; she wrapped herself up, almost curling into a ball and lay with her knees pressed right up against her face. She let out the weakest whimper and squeezed her legs as tightly as she could, crushing her hands between the clammy fat of her thighs once more.

It was such a tantalizing symphony of sounds. It sounded like Billie was enjoying herself. Lacey could bear listening any longer. She buried her head into her pillow, muffling the watery splatters raining from Billie’s spigot. Her whole body was stirring, writhing, wriggling, all under the sheets of her bed as she forced to listen.

A few seconds passed, though to Lacey it felt like an eternity. Time seemed infinite, like she was to be locked in this position - curled up in a ball, shivering, her fingers digging between her lower lips.

Billie filled the first few inches of the bucket, the sound of piss pattering against the wood turned to a light splashing as her stream was now striking the fresh puddle she had produced.

“Ahh~” She let out a hearty sigh, shifting herself on the bucket and spreading her legs. She lifted herself up, half-squatting over the bucket to allow Lacey a teasing glance of her stream in the moonlight, letting her witness that which she so desperately desired.

The sounds Billie made - the sweet sighs of relief, the heavy splattering of piss against wood, it weighed down on Lacey, breaking down not just her bladder, but her whole being like a hammer against the most feeble of stone.

She turned to face the wall and pressed the pillow over her ears until she could hear nothing.

What Lacey wouldn’t have given for Billie to just disappear. If she did, then she’d be free to hike up her dress, kick down her knickers and plop her butt atop that filthy bucket for a good, long, unending piss.

She was spurred on by teasing thoughts until she could envision it, her maidenhood quivering feverishly at the thought. She was pushed to the brink of soiling herself, the thought growing ever more tempting just so she could savour the delicious relief after being forced to hold it for so long.

And then, under pressure, Lacey did something she’d never done before. Against the watery noises of Billie pissing, she blurted out the words without first thinking. “I’m Lord Emons bastard!” She said, clear as day, her cheeks burning and her heart racing a mile a minute.

She was sworn to never reveal she was a bastard, and she’d never admitted it before, let alone to some peasant perched atop a bucket taking a piss.

Billie heard her, and she went into a position of deep thought. She sat on the bucket, the sound of piss quietly tinkling beneath her and rested her head in her hands. “Good to know, but what’s that got to do with anything?” She shrugged her shoulders without an ounce of interest.

“It means that I can pay you handsomely - Whatever you want! Gold? Gems? A pardon? Name it and you can have it… if I can use the bucket.”

“If you can give me a pardon, why are you still here?” She leant forward, now resting her hands against her bare knees and sitting with her legs crooked. “Surely the daughter of a Lord wouldn’t be spending the night in jail?”

“She’s smarter than she seems.” Lacey muttered to herself. She knew she couldn’t say anymore about what had happened. “It’s… complicated.” She replied.

“Uh-huh.” Billie shook her head, completely unconvinced. “Well none of what you’re offering me does much when I’m in prison, does it?” There was a quiet sound like cloth being torn. “You’re promising me a pardon while you’re still locked up?” She chuckled. “Even better you’d sooner give me a pardon than three measly silver?”

“I’m promising you a lot… more than three silver.” The burning between her legs intensified to the point Lacey was forced to press herself against the mattress, crushing her hands between herself and the mattress. “But you… only get it… if… if I can use the bucket.”

Billie stood up, spread her legs, and wiped the dribbles from between her legs, thoroughly wiping as if she was caressing herself. “Oooh… nothing better than a good piss, right?” She said with a feigned moan, her only intent being to tease Lacey. “Just sitting down and letting it all pour out of you. It’s so refreshing.” She raised her arms and stretched. “I really needed that.”

Her teasing continued to strike at Lacey, digging right down to her core. Billie was right - there was nothing better than a good piss.

It caused Lacey to think only of the intense pressure pushing against her spigot, the shivers around her lower half as her muscles grew weak, and worst of all, the hot spurt that she had accidentally let leak into her knickers.

“Are you even listening to me?” Lacey hissed, the desperation burning through her.

Her Cellmate clearly wasn’t. Billie stood for a moment, scratching her maidenhood and sighed once more. She said nothing, slowly lifted the bucket so the sloshing of its contents could be heard quite clearly, and made her way to the barred window at the corner of their cell.

“Hey!” Lacey continued to try and get her attention.

Billie continued to ignore her and emptied the bucket out of the window. Her piss rained down onto the streets below, hitting with the stone with a mighty splash.

That big watery splash wasn’t even the worst part for poor Lacey, who fixed solely on the sound of dripping as a tiny puddle dribbled from the window and down onto the floor of the cell.

Drip! Drip! Drip! It fell slowly, in a rhythm, every few seconds. Drip! Drip! Drip!

Relieved, Billie strolled back to her bed, patting her tummy. “Not to worry, you’ve got a couple of hours until morning, so either pay the toll or try to hold it until then.”

“Ahh~” Lacey squeaked, her whole body trembling at the thought of waiting even a few more minutes, let alone a few hours.

And then, it happened again. Lacey felt her lower lips twinge and then suddenly she felt her fingers growing warm and wet. Her eyes widened in fear, but this time she did nothing to stop it, letting it happen. Slowly, it trickled down fingers, along her palm and fell onto the lightly soaked silk of her knickers.

She’d leaked again, this time there was more, covering her whole hand. She couldn’t even feel ashamed about it; the relief was just too good, enough that covered her face with her pillow and moaned quietly into it, hiding her relieved cries.

“Oh, silly me, forgot to do something.” Billie sighed and got up from her bed once again.

Something rattled and then Lacey heard a metallic clink. She opened her eyes and against the stone wall, she saw a shadow, something small and square, dangling from the ceiling.

Hey eyes widened, the sight of that swaying object made her spigot wince once more, and again another spurt escaped, dousing her fingers with a fresh dribble of warm piss. “Uuu…” Lacey moaned, crossing her legs and squeezing her thighs feebly, without any more strength.

It was the bucket; Billie had hung up the bucket from an old lantern hook on the ceiling. It was up high, at a height that only Billie could reach. There was no way Lacey would reach it, even on her tiptoes.

That was it, that was the sign that she may as well give up.

“Well good night.” Billie said with a feigned tone of kindness.

As soon as Billie fell back to sleep, Lacey let out a soft whimper. She writhed around in total agony, whimpering. Her lips quivered and she could only quell it by biting down on her lower lip. Between her sweaty, squirming thighs, her damp fingers wriggled deep between her lips, pressed against her dripping wet spigot.

She fingered her soft spot with as many fingers as she could, using whatever strength she had to keep another spurt from spilling into her knickers. She could still the last two soaking into the silk of her knickers, giving her lower lips a soft, wet kiss.

The next leak would be more than a leak. Lacey could feel it. The next one would be her undoing, the turning of the tap that lets the water run free.

She pushed her fingers deeper, right to the tip of her spigot, until they could go no further. She could feel that final leak coming. This was it. She could feel it as her bladder twinged. Her whole body was growing weak and at last she had no more strength to stop it, all of her willpower too had been extinguished.

She was going to wet herself, a grown girl, a Lady of Lord Emon’s court and she was about to piss the bed like a little girl.

All there was left to do before the inevitable soiling was to bury her head deep in the rough fabric of her pillow, hiding herself within the darkness. Lacey pushed her face into the pillow; she didn’t want to see the world while she was doing it.

A tear ran down her cheek and soaked into the pillow; she squeezed herself tighter and continued to finger her soft spot, readying herself as she could feel a wave as strong as the sea rocking her little boat.

And then, with a trembling tongue, and her whole body on the brink of collapse, Lacey lifted her head from the pillow and let out the weakest whimper. “P-Please… l-let me use the bucket.” She begged to Billie, her voice going soft like a child. “I… I need to go. I’ll do anything… just let me p-pee… p-please.”

Never had she begged, but right now at the brink of pissing herself, she felt helpless enough to try. What did she have to lose? Even when her Cellmate tried to shake three silver out of her and then taken delight in teasing her and her bladder, Lacey continued to believe she could fracture this girls icy heart.

There was silence in the chamber, the only sounds came from the bed frame creaking as Lacey danced in desperation.

Finally, Billie sighed. “Okay… I’ll give you a freebie.” She said, her voice low and with a hint of regret. “It’s one use only, understood? Make the most of it because your next piss is going to cost you.”

Billie stood up and walked across the cell, a hefty shadow strolling the dark. She walked toward the bucket, reached up and lifted it down from the lantern hook, chucking it to the floor. “There. Now make it quick.” She gestured to the bucket, now sitting freely on the floor.

Without time to say anything, Lacey seized this moment of kindness. She kicked aside her blanket and wormed her way along her, slid down the ladders and ran toward the centre of the room. The sight of that little wooden bucket sitting in the moonlight was too much for her bladder to handle.

She was weak at the knees, her whole body shivering like she had a fever, and her mind was clouded by nothing more than thoughts of sweet relief in that puny wooden bucket.

The thoughts too proved to be too much for her toppling bladder, and Lacey leaked again. It was the biggest leak, like a flood, bursting from between her legs and dousing her fingers until they were soaking wet. It poured down her hands and soaked into the seat of her knickers. “Uuu… just another second…” She cried, begging her bladder to contain itself just a little longer.

It was impossible, she felt another leak, larger than the last, and then another. Her hands grew wet and warm, as did her knickers, soaking through with a growing stain of hot piss.

Lacey no longer cared about her dignity. She no longer cared about looking like a lady, nor did she care about composing herself in the presence of rabble. Right now, all she cared about was getting herself down over that bucket and relieving herself so she could once again know the blissful feeling of emptiness.

She’s never been so excited to see rusted steel and splintered wood before.

Under the moons silvery light, Lacey hiked up her skirt, flashing Billie a sight of her stained, silky frillies. She could only use one hand, the other was still thrust between her legs, giving her quite the bulge beneath her knickers.

She didn’t care if Billie saw them, even as she made a lewd comment about how cute they were.

She threw her skirt up and grabbed the hem with her mouth, biting down on it to keep it from floating back down. With feverish fingers she tried to pull down her knickers, struggling to move them as she fought against the shivers that made her thighs jitter.

There was another leak, and Lacey was powerless. Completely powerless. The seat of her knickers were now soaked completely through, staining the soft white a warm yellow. She could feel it, the warm, wet embrace of the damp patch clinging to her thighs, making it even more of a struggle to remove them.

It was the closest that Lacey had ever gotten to a real fight - a fight that had to be fought with sweaty palms and her nether regions as hot and clammy as a warm summer day. But that wasn’t going to stop her. Finally, after struggling, she managed to hook her fingers beneath the silk clinging to nethers and yanked them, grimacing as the dampness rolled down her legs.

“Oh… Ooh…” She whimpered with a faint cry of success.

The sight of her soaking silk knickers hung around her knees was enough for her bladder. All that mattered to her was that her knickers were off. Lacey paused for a moment, feeling her whole body grow weak. At last, it all came flooding down like a bursting dam. She felt everything in her bladder descend, rushing toward her maidenly spigot. “Ahh… It’s c-coming out!” She cried, cheeks flaring.

She could feel a warm sensation between her legs and her lower lips growing wetter. She couldn’t stop the leak that followed, the stray spurt dribbled between her fingers and struck the stone beneath her legs. Lacey froze, realizing that was not the end of it.

There was another leak, only this time it didn’t end. It doused her fingers, a shower of pee dribbling down her palm, but it kept coming, pouring between her legs until her hands were soaked.

“Ah… Ahh…” She cried with a tremor of relief in her voice. She was going, peeing on the floor, her stream was splattering the stone between her legs, dampening her ankles. “Oooh~” She continued to cry, walking on toward the bucket.

At last she was standing over it, but there was time to savour this victory. Lacey quickly stood over the bucket, letting some of her pee fill the bottom of it. The relief was tremendous, only growing stronger the more she let go. Her legs were trembling, her knees giving way, but that didn’t stop her.

She squatted down, straddling the bucket to keep balance and plopped herself down atop the ring. Her cheeks sank into the ring, and the heavy sound of her flowing river was muffled by the soft fat of both her butt and thighs as she sat with her legs closed.

The ring of the bucket was still warm after Billie had used it, and she could feel a few stray patches of wetness around it, but right now Lacey didn’t care.

She managed to avoid completely drenching the floor and at last she was here, the wooden throne that she’d been pining for all night. Her lips formed into a crooked smile, quivering as she was thrust into a feeling of unexplainable bliss.

Resting her hands atop her knees and leaning back, Lacey at last could relax and let nature run its course. All of the fluids she had been holding were now pouring into the bucket, filling the cell with a muffled, but quite audible tinkling.

“Ooooooooooh~” Lacey moaned, throwing her head back.

She slumped down on the bucket, letting the overwhelming feelings of pleasure take over. Her whole body went numb, her legs were like jelly, trembling. Between her thighs, it rained a glorious golden storm, the heavy flood of piss pelted the splintered rim of the bucket with quite a force.

She could feel her bare thighs being splattered by the tiny splashes of piss that struck the side of the bucket. Lacey could only shuffle back an inch, stopping when she felt her butt hanging over the side of the rim. Even then, the force of her stream was too much to stop pale, slender legs from being doused.

Right now, Lacey didn’t care. Even if the feeling was grossly warm, Lacey couldn’t care.

A jolt of overpowering relief shot up her back and through her whole body. She felt it most between her legs, her maidenhood twinging with delight. Her thighs were growing wetter, dribbles of stray pee were running down her legs and dribbling onto the rim of the bucket. She could feel it between her buttcrack too - stray dribbles of warm pee that crept toward her knot before falling into the bucket.

She straddled the bucket tightly and grunted, pushing down on her bladder and straining. Her anus winced as all of the pressure went on her lower body. It was enough force that she drew dangerously close to breaking wind, feeling a little bubble right on the knot of her butthole, but she held it.

The hissing sounds intensified, even after a solid thirty seconds, Lacey was nowhere near done, her stream still going strong, filling the bucket to its halfway point.

The scent of fresh piss was beginning to fill the chamber, as was a light air of steam that rose from the heat of her water resting in the bucket. It lingered, leaving the air feeling a tad hotter.

“Hmmm~” Lacey continued to moan and relaxed her grip on the bucket, letting herself lean forward and resting her hands atop her knees.

She could finally feel the balloon that was her bladder growing smaller, deflating. The small bulge that she felt protruding from her tummy was shrinking, growing with every passing second she filled the bucket.

Through this minute long orgy of blissful, watery relief, as Lacey indignantly filled the old splintered bucket with glee, Billie remained quiet. She lay on her bed, watching Lacey pee, enjoying it with a wide grin on her face.

She didn’t think to say anything, or to act at all. She simply lay there in her bed, taking delight in a desperate girl at last getting her long awaited relief.

Time passed quickly for Lacey, and at last her thick stream was reduced to a few dribbles falling into a steaming sea of yellow. The sound of water striking water became a quiet tinkling once more.

Lacey sat there, her dress hiked up over her knees and her damp knickers wrapped around her ankles. She sat quietly, legs crooked, resting her head in her hands until she was finally empty.

She couldn’t believe it - it was over. At last, after a whole day of torture, it was finally over. “Ha… Ha… Ha…” She panted, gasping for breath.

Straining herself had been exhausting and she needed a moment to take a breath and regain her composure.

The rising steam from the heat of her piss wafted up, warming her bare arse in a pleasurable way. Lacey grinned, the feeling of the heat tickling her cheeks. She straightened up on the pot and stretched, clicking her heels against each other.

All was right in the world again. There was nothing to do now but bask in the relief that followed after a desperately needed piss.

There was nothing to describe how Lacey was feeling. There were no words, no actions, no anything to describe the overpowering relief that had taken over her. All she could do was sit there, panting for breath, letting the occasional shudder of pleasure take her.

Her whole body felt warm and a bead of sweat was dripping from her forehead.

She felt like she had just gone through a rigorous exercise. The kind of physical exertion that would’ve had the best men falling down and fainting. Heavens knew she felt like she could collapse right now. She was exhausted, tapped out, her whole body fatigued both physically and mentally.

She finally knew how it felt - to hold it to the brink of wetting herself and then to let it all out. She finally knew the sweet water relief, the delightful pleasure as her bladder shrunk as she was surrounded by a liquid symphony of her own making.

This feeling - this is why people loved to brag about the amazing piss they’d just taken. For so long, she had believed it to be nothing more than juvenile talk, but at last she understood why they did, like she’d cracked the code of the universe.

Once she had caught her breath, and her mind was unmuddled from the haze that sweet relief had left her in, she looked up, toward Billie who was sitting in her bed. “T-T… T-Thank y-you…” She still struggled to give her thanks through her sighs and pants. “Ah...ha...ha…”

“Think nothing of it.” Billie grinned, though this time there was something friendlier about her smile. “Besides, I’ve always wanted to see a lady take a piss. You really do piss like us common folk, huh?”

“A Lady?” Lacey furrowed her brow, confused.

“Yeah.” Billie nodded and leant toward the edge of her bed. “You said you were Lord Emon’s bastard - that’d make you a Lady even if he did put his arrow in a whores quiver, right?”

“Right…” Lacey nodded in agreement. She had completely forgotten that she having this conversation while on the bucket. “You didn’t believe me before, so why believe me now?”

Billie giggled. “No back alley girl has a pair of knickers that dainty.” She pointed between Lacey’s legs. “You weren’t kidding were you? Veruvan silk.”

“What? How…” Lacey glanced down and at first sight, she felt her cheeks burning red. Her knickers were wrapped around her ankles, the delicate white silk now coloured a light yellow. “Ahh! Don’t look! Don’t look!” She cried, bending over to hide her stained delicates from view.

She kicked them off and slid them beside the bucket to deal with them alter. “I’ll take that as a compliment…” Lacey paused as she reached up to grab a shred of cloth from the window sill. She took one and was just about to wipe when she noticed Billie watching from her bed.

“C-Could I have some privacy please?” Lacey said, now feeling somewhat comfortable talking to Billie. “J-Just while I… w-wipe.”

“I guess.” Billie shrugged and covered her head with her pillow, leaving herself a small gap so she could spy.

Lacey wiped and threw the shred of cloth into the bucket. Billie watched her through the small gap beneath her pillow, feeling a light tickle in her maidenhood as she watched Lacey wipe herself.

The bucket, which wasn’t exactly too big to begin with, was almost completely full. Lacey glanced down between her legs, seeing her own reflection in the pale water. Her own piss was mingling with the fragments of Billie’s, turning the mixture of their fluids a light, cloudy yellow.

At last, she was finished. Lacey stood up from the bucket and let her dress fall down, covering her. She looked across the cell, noticing a small trail of dribbles, each one larger than the last until they finally finished between her feet. Lacey blushed, but she didn’t think too much of it. Right now, feeling relieved, she picked up her soggy knickers and went back to her bed.

As she climbed the ladder, the bed frame rocked, and again Lacey saw a fist in front of her. It missed her and once again struck the wall, stopping her from climbing another step. “Hold up…” Billie said, returning to her menacing form, her voice low.

“W-What?” Lacey squeaked, that panic she had felt earlier in the privy returning.

Billie’s smirk grew, and she turned her fist, grinding it into the wall. Slowly, her palm opened, revealing several gold coins.

“That’s…” Lacey couldn’t believe it.

“Ten gold.” Billie replied, shuffling the coins in her palm with her fingers. “You wanted to sell me your knickers earlier.” Her smile grew softer.

Lacey had completely forgotten about that, and hearing it again did nothing but cause her to feel humiliated. “T-Ten g-gold?” She stammered, unsure what to say. “F-For my p-panties?”

“And I’ll waive the privy toll… for a week.” Billie grinned again, this time that friendly grin had returned, like she was talking to a friend.

“Just for my p-panties?”

“You said they were Veruvan silk, right?”

Lacey didn’t have much more to say, and after thinking it over, she finally decided to sell her panties to Billie. It was ten gold, and she had been teleported far from home without much more than a few measly silver. And after tonight, after the display she had unknowingly put on for Billie while sitting on that bucket, selling her soiled skivvies no longer felt like the sin she’d thought of it as.

Billie took the panties and waited until Lacey climbed back into her bed. Once the coast was clear she took a deep breath, steadying her beating heart. “The soiled knickers of a Lady.” She whispered to herself, squeezing the soiled skivvies in her hands.

This was a moment she had been waiting for. At last, she had the soiled skivvies of a Lady, though they were not thoroughly soaked, it was enough for her to enjoy.

As the clock in the town rang out for three in the morning, Billie slid under the covers, and with Lacey’s pee-soaked knickers beside her, she let her fingers wander south between her lower lips.

With a sinful smile, Billie began to pleasure herself.

The End
