AKA: I Gotta Pee (Jessica Jones story for MadBladder)

Author: Guest SAM996

*000*2019-07-02 15:29

So I've said before I'm hesitant to write because I don't think I'm that good having written stories on my old deleted account I felt weren't good and only one story on my new one. But this was something requested from Mad Bladder so I honoured the request made. Hope it's okay.

Jessica was sitting in the large auditorium waiting for the show to start. Her friend stepsister Trish Walker had made a name for herself as a child actress even with the bad things that came in life from asshole producers too her mother Dorothy being controlling. With the success of Trish Talk, she was encouraged by Jessica to turn her life into a show on a stage. Well encouraged so long as she wasn't depicted as a character. Dorothy initially wasn't satisfied until she got to see some of the project and for the most part was okay. Now they were sitting there waiting for the show to start.

"This is exciting isn't it Jessie?" Dorothy asked her stepdaughter.

"Well it was either this or Lifetime" Jessica said sarcastically wondering when the waiter would come with the booze that Trish promised her would be served. She would need it in order to get through this. Sure enough he appeared as Jessica took a drink for him as she then took a bottle to which he protested it was for others but her hard stare convinced him to leave it with her.

"Oh come on lighten up you should be happy for Trish." Dorothy said annoyed at Jessica's constant sarcasm and cynicism.

"I just don't want her to be depicted as a laughing stock. This a true story remember and whether you remember or care you did shitty things." Jessica said as she saw Dorothy ignore her.

Out of the corner of her eye she was surprised to see her boss Jeri Hogarth walking into an aisle as she sat next to her. Great.

"Well I made it, Mind you I have other things to do than see Broadway." Jeri said having been invited by Jessica as payment for one of the jobs she pulled for her.

"Like you'd be doing anything but brooding in your cavernous mansion." Jessica said as the show started and she gave a slow clap as suddenly she began to fidget. Damn all she drink that alcohol too fast. Though it didn't feel bad yet so she decided to ignore it for now.

Another 10 minutes went by and Jessica was now getting desperate. Distracting herself she saw how Trish was performing and was surprised how seriously she was taking it. From her own memory it felt like Trish's life as a celebrity became what she was known for more than her acting and it was how people remembered her and how she wanted to distance herself from it. She said this was going to be her closing the book on it because she'd tell it her way. Deciding she had waited long enough she got up to pee before Dorothy pulled her back down as she asked "What are you doing?"

"I gotta pee" Jessica said not trying to sound urgent.

"But you'll miss the show." Dorothy said

"So I'll miss 10 minutes I was there several years for what of it now let me go." Jessica urged.

"But you'll just distract her. She always had a hard time looking at the camera." Dorothy said keeping her down.

Jessica didn't like being told what do to do like this it felt like Kilgrave. "The biggest distraction would be you calling attention to me leaving now let me fucking pee!"

Dorothy however still didn't budge as she grabbed her by the arm and pulled her back down trapping her in her seat much to her frustration and annoyance.

Jessica tried to ignore it for a little while longer. Maybe if Dorothy left too go herself or to go out for air she could sneak out. It wasn't easy. She never had to pee this bad in her life as she shifted from foot to foot trying not to move in her seat. What's worse the bottle of alcohol she took was only half empty. She couldn't put anymore pressure on her bladder but she didn't want to waste good booze either so she gulped it down. This would come back to bite her in the ass later.

An hour went by and after a few more attempts to get by Dorothy, Jessica still hadn't gone. The desperation was more clear as she tried not to leak in her jeans. Feeling Dorothy was a losing battle and seeing she was distracted by the actress playing her on stage looking either visibly annoyed by it or possibly by her fidgeting, she decided to turn to Hogarth "Move I gotta fucking pee."

"So I noticed." Jeri said as she raised an eyebrow having never seen the cool and sarcastic Jessica like this before. It kind of turned her on. Keeping in that mode and wanting to embarrass her she decided to not let her pass. "Your step mother was quite adamant you stay. Besides it's only another hour. You're a tough girl right? Tough girls hold their pee?"

Jessica didn't seem to notice the sly smile being distracted by her bladder but she knew she was right. If she wet herself and kept acting like a little girl who couldn't hold her pee on car trips then it would just make her look like a joke. Jessica had been able to hold her pee on car rides before it was Trish who often had the small bladder even wetting herself once much to Dorothy's annoyance. Maybe that was why she was making her suffer because she didn't want her to be embarrassed by people noticing her need. Bitch.

Jessica was finding it had now not to fidget as she continued to watch her friend perform. She seemed to notice Trish may or may not have been looking right at her. She was happy she was here and despite this bullshit Jessica was too. She wasn't always great with emotions or people but the one consistent person in her life she was always there for and her in return was Trish. For the sake of her friend and her counting on her she decided she would continue to wait. She had super strength for crying out loves surely her bladder could wait a little longer?

An hour had passed and the show as now ending and Jessica was near the end of her limit. She struggled as pee escaped a little into her panties. She noticed Hogarth staring and Jessica could swore she was loving this.

"You okay?" Jeri asked her

Jessica ignored her as she looked out at Trish who looked to be crying out as she then saw her crumble to the floor. She assumed it was the end and it was as the show culminated as Jessica then got up and clapped trying not to hop on one foot to the next. She then seemed to notice Trish wasn't taking her bow as she darted off to the back of the stage.

"Where is she going?" Dorothy asked confused "She's missing the crowd's adoration?"

"I think she's had enough for one lifetime." Jessica said now sounding urgent "I'll go find her."

Jessica then pushed past her as she ran up the auditorium and push through the door clutching herself.

While she wanted to help Trish, first and foremost Jessica had to take care of her need that was becoming unbearable as she tried not to leak as she made it to the restroom and kicked the door down as she rushed into a stall, shut the door and pulled her down her pants and panties and sat down as she unleashed a gusher of piss and sighed finally getting the relief she craved. The pee continued to gush for a moment as she heard crying in the next stall that sounded like Trish. "Trish?"

"Jess?" Trish said

"Hey." Jessica said somewhat embarrassed knowing she could hear the torrent of piss she unleashed as she tried to sway things back to the stage as she continued to pee "So what happened out there? You get a little too into character?"

"Sort of" Trish answered "I really put my all into this Jess. I wanted to show people what Patsy Walker life was like and not the way they remembered it or how my mom portrayed it. I was determined not too look like an idiot out there."

"You weren't" Jessica urged as her pee slowly began to turn into a trickle

"The thing is I did." Trish said wiping a tear "When you saw me collapse it wasn't just from the show's final end. I... pissed myself Jess. I had been needing to go halfway through the show but I couldn't because no intermission and I wasn't going to leave now because I couldn't hold it in. I still made myself look like an idiot regardless."

Jessica felt sympathy as her pee finally stopped flowing as she then wiped herself and stood up and flushed the toilet as she left the stall and knocked on the door to Trish's stall.

Trish then opened the door as she then fell into Jessica's arms and hugged her. Her best friend was always there for her. "So you really had to go huh?"

Jessica didn't try to show her embarrassment because it made her feel stupid too "Your mom wouldn't let me out. Though I don't think she was too pleased with the show either."

"I made some changes once I knew she wasn't going to interfere anymore" Trish said "At least you made it. You're stronger than me. Literally and figuratively."

"You are too." Jessica said as the two friends let go of their hug and left the restroom.

The End.

So yeah that's that. Again not good I imagine but this was the best I felt I could do.

