Angelica and Lily - Chapter 9: Wedding

Author: Guest AlphaCentauri

*000*2020-09-07 12:50

Wow, it's been a long time. In my defense, though, I've recently had some big events happen in my life, which kind of put writing on hold.

Without further ado, though, here you are.

(And if this is your first exposure to the Angelica and Lily saga, you can begin here:

$/54188-angelica-and-lily/

)

Mr. and Mrs. Timothy E. Carpenter

@@request the pleasure of your company

@@at the marriage of their daughter

Angelica Renee

@@to

Brian John Parrish

Saturday, the sixth of April

@@two thousand nineteen

@@at one in the afternoon

Reception to follow

The text read in florid calligraphic strokes, accented by soft pastel hues. The invitation’s design couldn’t have been more appropriate for the day in question, which, though colder than expected, and despite a worrisome overcast first few hours, was turning out to be a picturesque spring day. Perfect for a wedding.

Angelica waited, her every nerve tingly, as the music from the soundtrack of Emma drifted serenely into the antechamber of the Enchanted Oaks Lodge, where for the past hour or so, all the women in her family and bridal party had been scurrying about like feverish hens, helping each other with hair and makeup, pinning outfits and accessories in all the right places, and frantically engaging in a barrage of text conversations, ensuring that absolutely everything was as it should be. All of the scrambling had led up to this point, and now everything was still. The processional had begun, and she stood in her place at the back of the line. Soon each of her bridesmaids would be walking down the aisle, and then—then, after one and half years of planning, talking, growing, and waiting—it would be her turn.

She took a deep breath to try to calm her beating heart as two of her cousins pulled the doors open just enough to let Tina through, the first to march toward where the men were waiting under the pavilion. Today she and Brian were really doing it. They would be exchanging their vows and entering into a sacred covenant with each other, to forsake all other potential love interests and instead commit to one another, for better or worse. Till death do us part. She inhaled deeply again and fanned her face, trying not to cry before she even made it to the aisle. Next to her, her dad noticed her sudden surge of emotion and put his arm around her in a quick squeeze. “You all right there, kiddo?” His face was jocular, but Angelica could see the wet glimmer in his eyes.

@@In response, she laughed and nodded, then carefully wiped her eyes, making sure not to smudge her eyeliner or disturb her meticulously styled brown hair. In front of her, right on cue with the music, their wedding planner gave a nod to the cousins, who in turn opened the door again for Katelynn to begin her trek down to the front. Angelica took the opportunity to quickly review her appearance, for the thousandth time that day. Hair, check. Makeup, check. Bouquet, check. Dress, check. Everything was in place, just as it had been the last hundred times she’d gone over it, but it was always good to make sure. This was her wedding day, after all. She wanted to make sure it was perfect. Earlier in the day, when rain clouds had been threatening to darken the sky, her mother had tried to cheer her up by quoting a proverb she had heard before: “A wet bride is a lucky bride.” It didn’t really make her feel any more at ease, not until the sun came out again. But now, as she stood here, ready to commit the rest of her life to the love of her life, she knew that she was already lucky. Brian was an amazing man, plain and simple. She recalled her nascent attraction to him when they were both much younger and marveled in deep gratitude at how very blessed she was to have fallen for such an incredible person. Of course, they had also both grown so much as well since then. She let out her breath and pushed up on her toes, her feet growing sore from standing still in high heels. Next in line in front of her, Jackie pumped her fist in the air and uttered a pert “Let’s do this, girl!” before resuming a dignified stance in time to step out as the doors opened.

@@Looking back over the last year and a half of their engagement, it hadn’t all been a bed of roses. It had become fairly apparent to the two of them within the first couple of months that they had rushed into engagement somewhat prematurely, leaving them faced with the awkwardness of playing “catch-up” on their relationship while still fielding the legion of responsibilities, choices, and inquiries about their future which deluged them on a daily basis. Close to seven months in, they had even very seriously considered calling things off, leading to a period of about a month of sleepless nights for Angelica as she had to pretend everything was going well, when in reality her entire future was wracked with uncertainty. What ended up saving their relationship was the mutual decision to put their wedding on the back burner for a time and instead simply focus on each other. The date was pushed back and schedules had to be redrawn, but in the end, it was the best decision they could have made. Angelica was also inexpressibly thankful for the support of her parents through it all, especially her mom. Even during the darkest moments, when she couldn’t see how things would work out, her mom never gave up hope. On one particularly despondent night, when Angelica had spent over half an hour bawling to her mother over the phone, her mom told her, “I know he loves you, Ange. And I know you love him. If you both hold onto that, and be patient, you can work this out. I know you can.” That line stuck with her that night and ever afterward, helping bit by bit to lift the storm clouds of despair. And now—well, look at where they were.

With her three bridesmaids already gone out, the only one left in her bridal party to go down the aisle before her was Lily, her maid of honor and best friend. Lily was looking stunning today, her blonde hair having just recently been styled in a shoulder-length bob and her makeup making the color of her eyes stand out. More than just the superficial, though, it was something about the way that she carried herself today—or rather, that she had been gradually carrying herself more over the past year. The university experience was turning out to be good for her, helping her to take on more responsibility and rise to the occasion. As Lily stood here today, her slender form accentuated by the tailored turquoise bridesmaid dress and her chin held high in confident self-assurance, Angelica saw none of the childlike aspect that Lily classically emitted. It had been replaced by the dignity of a woman.

Of course, right as this thought passed through Angelica’s head, Lily turned to face her and grinned, that same goofy smile of hers that you couldn’t help but reciprocate. Angelica returned it, one side of her mouth lifting more than the other, and a laugh of combined happiness and nerves slipped out. Lily also laughed in response before her eyes grew watery and she moved in to give Angelica as big a hug as she could without messing up either of their delicately constructed appearances.

Her face over Angelica’s shoulder, Lily spoke, a waver in her voice, “I can’t believe it’s happening, Angie. I’m just so, so happy for you.”

Angelica gave Lily a squeeze. “I know, me either. Thank you, Lil. Really, thank you so much.”

Lily quickly pulled away and sniffled, breathing deeply to keep from crying right before it was her turn to walk out. The musical cue came, the nod from the wedding planner, and Lily was gone, leaving Angelica alone with her dad. Here it was. This was her time.

As the wedding-day jitters settled into her stomach, Angelica had to swallow and yawn to try to calm her nerves. Almost sixty of her friends and family were out there, not to mention a similar number from Brian’s side, all happily waiting to see her walk down the aisle. And there, at the end, he would be standing—her husband-to-be, her soul mate, her beloved, the strong and noble and gorgeous Brian Parrish. Mrs. Brian Parrish. Angelica Parrish. Her cheek lifted again in an indomitable smile just thinking about it.

Unfortunately, a side effect of her nerves was a growing need to use the toilet. She frowned and shuffled her legs, trying to take her mind off it. True, she hadn’t peed since a little before starting to get ready in the first place, close to two hours ago. Then, once she had put the dress on, she had no way of moving it out of the way to use the bathroom. She’d gotten the advice of having one of her bridesmaids do it, but the thought of having someone else basically help her undress didn’t sit well with her, even someone as close to her as Lily or her own mother. Even in high school, she’d always felt uncomfortable with disrobing around other girls in the locker room. In fact, now that she thought about it, that was where she’d been bullied by Laura Katz—but she didn’t want to think about that. She would just hold it until after the ceremony.

And now—now it was happening. Just as they had rehearsed, she and her dad took their place in front of the door. Behind her, someone was straightening her train, and her wedding planner was giving her one final lookover before smiling professionally and giving her a wink. “Have fun!” she said, then stepped to the side, raised her hand, and cued the two doorkeepers right as the music reached its swell.

As she stepped out into the fresh air, her heart hammering away, Angelica tried to remember what she’d been told during rehearsal. Keep your chin level. Don’t rush. Don’t forget to smile. That last reminder was unnecessary, as she now found herself unable to stop smiling, a beaming grin stretching from ear to ear, bright as the spring sun above her, radiating out her overflowing, infectious glee. On both sides of the paving stone pathway, friends and family were all on their feet, their faces filled with pride, happiness, and love. Thankfully, the wind was low enough to keep her dress from getting out of hand as she walked, and a clear and brilliant blue spring sky formed a second, larger wedding canopy over her. Everything really was perfect.

Everything, that is, except her bladder. A sudden twinge in it caused her smile to falter for a split second. No longer than a split second, though. This was her wedding day, after all. Nothing could dampen her spirits today. Still, she was regretting not emptying it earlier, even if it meant getting assistance with her dress. If that was what most brides had to do, then she could have just gotten over herself and done it too.

@@But now she was almost at the pavilion, where the bridal party stood lined up on both sides. Lily was smiling bigger than Angelica had ever seen, and Tina was already starting to cry. On the groom’s side, Jared, Brian’s best man, stood stock still, his dark face fixed in an expression of nobility, like a bronze bust. The rest of Brian’s groomsmen (whose names Angelica couldn’t recall) were likewise stood at attention, rather akin to the queen’s guard at Buckingham palace. And right there, waiting in the middle for her in front of the pastor, stood Brian himself. The two of them locked gazes. While his smile was not perhaps as large as her own, Angelica could read in his eyes a depth of emotion which none shared but the two of them. It was the face of the warrior, the man who takes up a fight not because he is convinced it is winnable, but because it is worth fighting—the man who must actively take courage, even when all seems lost, who must “desire life like water and yet drink death like wine”—and who, though he least expected it, comes out the victor. Even now, she could see tears brimming in his eyes, which were soon matched by the ones in her own.

As she finished her pilgrimage to the front of the pavilion, the music softly closed and the pastor’s wizened voice gently asked, “Who gives this woman to be married to this man?”

Beside her, her father decisively replied, “Her mother and I.” He leaned in and tenderly kissed Angelica on the cheek, squeezed her hand, and slipped off to his seat by her mother. Now left by herself, Angelica stepped forward to meet Brian, who took his place by her side. She could feel the heat emanating off him and felt with absolute assurance that she was right where she was supposed to be.

The congregants were seated, and now the ceremony proper began. In the haze of her nuptial bliss, very little penetrated Angelica’s attention. She was too full of bursting joy to absorb much of what was being said.

Unfortunately, she was keenly aware of being full of something else as well. More than just happiness was distracting her, as her bladder’s signals were now coming in nonstop. She shuffled her legs impatiently. Well…she would just have to wait. In the meantime, she tried to shush her nerves, telling herself that it was all psychological and would go away soon enough. It wasn’t as if she had any choice in the matter, anyhow.

~*~*~*~*~

It didn’t go away.

The ceremony had ended, the two of them had kissed as newly minted husband and wife, the bridal party and family members had gathered for pictures to be taken, and the whole time, Angelica had been trying to keep any worry from showing up in her face as the pressure in her bladder only grew more and more. It was gradual enough to keep her from panicking—but also to keep her from doing anything about it. Which led to this point.

After finishing up with photographs, she and Brian had entered the main hall, a separate building from the lodge where she and her bridesmaids had begun the day. The large, open room was filled with the crowd of friends and family, now looking much bigger indoors. Any subconscious thought she may have had about discreetly disappearing to relieve herself was dashed upon encountering the endless procession of smiling acquaintances approaching her to give hugs, congratulations, and well wishes. She received each of them graciously enough, but the truth was she was only half paying attention to anything said to her. For one thing, the entire day was something of a blur. And for another thing, her mild concern from earlier was increasingly transitioning into legitimate consternation—and almost panic.

She knew the schedule. They’d gone over it enough times. There would be the initial meet and greet time, followed by the tossing of the bouquet, the removal and tossing of the garter, and then the toasts by the best man and maid of honor. After that was a general time for dancing, and that would be when she would finally go pee, before the special dances and more speeches. She just had to hold it until then. In the meantime, she grabbed a few snacks and some champagne.

The bouquet toss went off without a hitch. It was caught by one of Brian’s guests, someone Angelica didn’t know, and if she was honest, she didn’t particularly care, either. To her mind, it was just one more thing checked off her list before she could take a bathroom break. She would make it. In her head, she repeated the remaining items off like a mantra: garter, speeches, bathroom. Garter, speeches, bathroom.

Once the bouquet toss was over, it was then time for Brian to take off her garter. A folding chair had been set up for her in the middle of the room, and she now sat, her guests forming a large circle around her. Even sitting, she had to wiggle her bottom into the plastic seat, trying to quiet her urinary system. It was unfortunate that her only task in this was to sit still. Sitting was easy enough. Staying still, not so much. Her pee was pushing ponderously down on her sphincter, sending aches through her whole abdomen and thighs, and she tried not to grimace.

Brian, of course, was unaware of the plight she was undergoing, instead all bashful boyish smiles as he knelt down and tucked his hands under the hem of her dress. The onlookers made jokingly prurient cheers and laughter as he bent over to get his arms further up without raising her skirt too much. Angelica felt herself go a little red from it, but she knew it was tradition, and all in good fun. Besides, she was too focused on keeping her pee under control to care too much.

That is, until Brian’s hands moved past her knee.

Suddenly, she felt herself inhaling deeply as his touch prompted an unexpected and visceral reaction in her. Without warning, she was transported back to the first time she had experienced physical arousal, several years before when at the amusement park. As she felt herself getting turned on by his hands on her leg, the same sensations flooded her, the sense of her mind being a spectator of her body’s performance. The feeling of Brian touching her thigh was catapulting her into a state of erotic thrill, which was only exacerbating—and being accentuated by—her growing reservoir of urine. She swallowed. This wasn’t a part of the plan. What was she supposed to do now?

Time seemed to stop. All the assorted sounds and faces around her felt as though they were fading into nonexistence. The sensation was very much like that of falling asleep, only instead of her consciousness fading, it was intensifying—a hyper focus on this exact moment and this exact combination of circumstances and stimuli. She knew her face was flushed, the result of the surreal blend of embarrassment, fear, her overfull bladder, and sexual excitement. Her eyes were wide and unmovably fixed on Brian’s face, every detail of his concentrated expression burning itself into her retinas.

She sat stone still, unable to move. Every nerve, every muscle, every sinew was pinpointed on just one thing: keeping her urine under control. Her hands were down by her sides, white-knuckled from gripping the sides of the chair. More than anything, she wished that she could get up and go pee, or close her thighs, or grab her crotch, or anything. At this point, anything at all would help keep back the torrent of scalding liquid straining at the edges of her bladder and pushing, pushing, pushing to be released.

@@A drop of sweat worked its way free from between Angelica’s shoulders and began its erratic descent, tingling and tantalizing on its way down. She swallowed in nervous anticipation. Brian’s probing hands, hot at the palms but cold at the fingertips, edged their way further up her leg. Each brush against her skin, especially under her dress and creeping closer and closer to her most private of places, sent shivers through her entire body. Her thighs were quivering imperceptibly now, both from the exertion of keeping the dam sealed and from the thrill of suspense. Today that special place became his, and her previous stumblings into that region of wonder that had opened to her by accident, those sexual experiences which had seemed at the time simultaneously so dazzling and yet so reprehensible—they took on a new light. The feeling of impropriety she had had about her past encounters with her sexuality had not been because it was forbidden her, but because it had not yet been the appropriate time. That world, that part of her, in and of itself, was not polluted—and she and Brian had kept from polluting it. And now—now they would cross the threshold, together. Her heartbeat quickened.

At the same time, as her excitement increased, there rose in tandem the throbbing desperation of her swollen bladder. The two sensations fed into each other, enhancing one another in a symbiotic mutuality. Somehow, without her meaning for it to happen, her erogenous system had become intertwined with the needle-like icy jabs that stemmed from a desperate need to pee, the same ones which were now pulsating through her lower abdomen. Her memories of her very first orgasm resurfaced, when she climaxed and peed her pants at the same time on the roller coaster. In a similar fashion, she recalled wetting her dress when she and Brian shared their first kiss. And now? Now that the two of them were married and going to give their virginity to each other—was there any way she could get through it without having an accident?

And…did she even want to?

Time felt as though it were passing in a dream, and Brian’s fingers were only by now reaching the very upper limits of her thigh. Soon enough he would have to realize that he was on the wrong leg and switch. But until then, with his hands touching her there, so close to the outside of her lacy thong panties, and with her oceanic deluge of urine just as close on the other side, both of them equally stimulating and sandwiching her private parts, she could no longer keep her excitement in. A moan slipped embarrassingly out of her mouth, and her face went even redder. Her womanhood was by now engorged and throbbing, and she felt sure that if Brian were to touch it, she would scream.

As her moan escaped, thankfully unnoticed, it was followed by something else escaping. For a split second, she clenched a hair too late, and the first pioneering drops of pee tasted freedom. Heat spread out over the front of her underwear, but as they were already wet, it didn’t make very much difference. Still, the flimsy fabric would offer virtually no barrier to any leaks. And if any more came out, and if Brian realized it…

Another brief jet burst out. Then another. Angelica whimpered softly, biting on her lip, hoping her predicament wasn’t as conspicuous as she felt. And Brian’s hand was so close now. Any closer, or any more loss of control, and there would be no way he wouldn’t notice what was happening. Her breath stopped, bated with the knowledge of what was about to happen.

And then he pulled his hand away.

Angelica began to breathe again. It was a small respite, but hopefully enough for her to regain control over her body. As Brian turned toward the crowd and shook his head, prompting a chorus of chuckles, Angelica too let out a laugh, high-pitched in its release of tension. She had come right up to the brink there. Now she had to steel herself for leg number two and hold on until she could discreetly slip away to use a toilet. In the meantime, though, her heart was still jackhammering away in her chest as it settled into her just how close she had come to having a total pee accident on her wedding day, in front of all her guests.

But if the guests weren’t there…

Brian’s hand was making the ascent up her other leg now, and the light brushes of his fingers were sending electric ecstatic shocks through her tensed muscles. As his reach crept up past her knee, memories of the blinding bliss of her past orgasms made her crotch tingle, a feeling intensified by the effort she was putting into squeezing the valve shut—and, for better or worse, by the rapidly cooling dampness of her panties. These lacy white panties, specially chosen to be sexy on her wedding night, were now wet and in danger of getting wetter. And yet…somehow, it was turning her on even more. Her breaths became heavier.

Her thoughts, which were coming in increasingly jumbled, flipped again to her experience on the roller coaster, right before peeing herself. She could recall her train of rational thought devolving more and more into mere awareness of stimuli, and the peculiar combination of memories it produced. Erotic sensations had overlapped and intermingled with the embarrassing and unpleasant recollections of post-accident mortification, the haunting disgrace and dirty wet clothes clinging to the skin. Such emotions should be miles apart. So how had they come to merge like that?

Brian’s hand was nearly to the garter now, but Angelica couldn’t keep her legs from shaking. Her bladder was on the verge of bursting.

Because it was certain that those emotions had merged. After wetting her pants on the roller coaster, she had been so turned on that she stopped on the walkway to give herself a spanking, surprising even herself. The revelation, so seemingly contradictory, had been a huge shock, contributing largely to why she tried to forget the whole incident as quickly as possible. But there was no denying it—her accident at the car wash proved it, when it was the feeling of being spanked by Brian as he watched her flood her shorts that had pushed her over the edge, causing her to climax again. The two feelings were combined, no doubt about it. And right at their intersection lay Brian, the love of her life, and now her husband.

And if he had made her orgasm and pee herself by accident, what would happen now, if he actually tried?

Angelica lowered her face, trying to hide her grimace as she bit hard on her lip and squeezed her eyes shut. Her hands, useless in the battle against her urine, squeezed even tighter on the edge of the chair until she felt a knuckle pop. The pain at her sphincter climbed in a crescendo, torturing and taunting her. If only she hadn’t been too shy to get help using the toilet earlier! As of now, this chair and this wedding dress were threatening to become her toilet, whether she agreed or not—a white seat of a different kind. Her train of thought was tumbling pell-mell through her head. No further, Brian You’re going to make me pee Pee all over your hand I just need to go To go pee To go pee all over your hand, Brian Pee all over you

And all this time, he had no idea what his probing fingers were doing to her. They were nearly upon the garter, where it lay naively shoved almost all the way up her thigh. If his hand was this far up, there existed the very real danger that he would feel what had leaked out so far. The wetness bored coldly into her inner legs, where they met her pelvis, her sexy undergarments tightly hugging her hips. Just pull it off, already! At this rate, unable to hold herself, or move, or close her legs, or do anything, she didn’t know how much longer she would be able to last.

Then, after this seeming eternity of struggling against her full bladder—and trying to hide her struggle at the same time—it happened again. Another spurt of pee shot out into her thong, only this time, it burst out with enough force to arc past the ineffective barrier of her panties and spray in an arc over her inner thighs—

—her inner thighs, where Brian’s hand was.

She instantly saw the transformation in his face. It went from determined with a mild bashfulness to bewildered. She knew that he hadn’t immediately understood what he had felt, but he was bound to put the pieces together pretty quickly.

Angelica’s respirations came in smaller and faster breaths until they stopped altogether. The fear, the suspense while the weight of the inevitable hung over her, signified in excruciating reality by the weight of her urine inside her, all made her abdomen tighten. Surely Brian would realize what was happening—what was about to happen—and it was filling her with the thrill of terror. Her face was still flushed, and as she could see the wheels turning in Brian’s eyes, another leak jetted out. Then another. Then another. Despite losing so much pee, she could feel no relief, and she knew she must have a veritable ocean inside. She also knew that if she were wearing pants, there would be an unmistakable dark patch by now. As it was, she was almost certain her pee was dripping off her chair by this point. Thankfully, her dress was long enough and layered enough that it seemed to be hiding the evidence.

Brian’s expression was by now changing again, this time from confusion to disbelief. She could feel his hand shift from reaching for her garter to feeling up inside her thigh, no doubt trying to prove himself wrong in what he now suspected—what was all too correct. His fingers slid right up to her crotch, their warmth mingling seamlessly with the warmth of her own accident. And then, just like that, they were right on top of her private parts.

Angelica had been right in guessing earlier that she wouldn’t be able to keep quiet if he touched her there. The good news was that rather than screaming, she instead breathed out a long, breathy moan, quiet enough that only Brian heard it. The bad news was that it wasn’t the only thing she let out. As soon as his fingers touched her right in her genitalia, she began full-on peeing her dress.

She knew her face was bright red as she sat there, helplessly urinating into Brian’s hand in front of a large crowd of oblivious spectators. She moaned again, a little louder this time, her sexual excitement mounting, fueled by the relief, the humiliation, the anticipation, and the expression Brian was wearing right now. As soon as she had begun wetting herself into his fingers, he had lifted his head and looked her directly in the eye, and his face bore a combination of shock, surprise, compassion, and something else—something hungry. In response, every pore of her body felt galvanized, eager to be devoured. Something that had been stirred in her before but never fully roused was now coming to life, and she suddenly wanted more than anything else for Brian to rip her clothes off and see her naked.

All these thoughts flashed through her mind in an instant, dipping back and forth between consciousness and subconsciousness. In reality, only a few seconds had passed, in which she could feel the droplets of pee beginning to trickle down her thighs and the light spattering over her ankles from where it was splashing in a puddle on the floor. Although her dress was long enough to both cover the sight and muffle the sound of her accident, she knew there was no hiding it once she stood…and even sitting, there was no telling how long it would stay hidden.

It was Brian who acted. In one swift motion, he withdrew his hand from her crotch, sliding the garter off her leg at the same time. As soon as he was no longer touching her there, Angelica let out the breath she hadn’t realized she was holding and sank down slightly in her chair. She then squeezed her muscles as hard as she could to try to cut off the flow, only succeeding after the third try. Even now, the pain was stabbing her in the gut like a red-hot poker, and she didn’t know if she could keep the rest in for long. Her accident thus far had only granted her mild relief, so she knew there was much more to come.

By this time, though, Brian was standing, waving the garter with a flashy smile so as to keep anyone from noticing there was anything wrong. Then, while everyone was laughing and clapping, he discreetly sidled over to Lily and whispered something in her ear. Lily’s face blanched slightly, but she gave a terse nod and disappeared into the crowd. The next thing Angelica knew was the emcee announcing that everyone would now be moving outside for the couple’s private dance and some more pictures. Despite her current predicament, she couldn’t help but smile inwardly at Brian’s resourcefulness in protecting her dignity, since their private dance wasn’t supposed to be until much later, and they had no plans for extra pictures.

@@The next few minutes were agonizing for her. The guests, mildly nonplussed by the unexpected change of plans, took their time in making their way outside, still chatting and grabbing extra snacks as they went. Some of the more gregarious and less observant of the attendees didn’t seem to make any move at all and had to be subtly but firmly directed towards the exit. The entire time, she was forced to sit stock-still with a forced smile and do her utmost to endure the searing agony in her crotch from trying to keep the broken seal closed. Even with the room empty, what would she do? Run off to a bathroom to take care of business while Brian cleaned up whatever evidence remained on or under her chair? And what if her dress had a visible wet spot on the seat? Sure, the synthetic fabric didn’t seem too absorbent, but she couldn’t bank on that, could she? And also…even if she did go to the bathroom, how would she even maneuver her many layers out of the way? This was why she had gotten into this predicament in the first place!

At long last, after several minutes of ensuring that all the guests had truly vacated the room, Brian had a quick but pointed talk with the DJ, doubtless to make sure he too left. Angelica’s pain had subsided mildly by now, which was a small comfort, at least. Once it truly was just the two of them left, Brian swiftly strode back to her, his face full of concerned compassion. When he spoke, his voice was low, but with an edge of worry. “Are you all right, Angie?”

Angelica could only swallow and give a small nod. Brian lowered himself in front of her again and put his hands on her shoulders. “Have you been holding it all day?”

She brushed a loose strand of hair out of her eyes. “Yeah. And it’s impossible to use a bathroom in this dress without help.”

He blew a sigh out of one corner of his mouth, puffing his cheek. “I’m…I’m sorry, baby. Here, let me help clean you up.” He stood again and put an arm under her shoulders, gently raising her to her feet.

As soon as she was standing, Angelica groaned and bit her lip as her urine shifted inside her. Now that she could use her hands without people seeing, she immediately grabbed both thighs and gripped hard. Hopefully Brian could help her get on a toilet properly with this dress—she still really had to pee!

Brian, however, took note of this reaction and raised his eyebrows. “Do…do you still need to go?” His tone carried something different in it this time, but she couldn’t quite place what it was. She could only nod again, her face displaying her pain.

He watched her for a few seconds like that, his face taking on a new quality as the compassion became accompanied by something contrasting. It was similar to the expression he had worn earlier, conveying something more like a longing…almost a craving. Then, placing his hand on the small of her back, he directed her away from the chair. Even though she needed to get to a bathroom as soon as possible, he paused again, and when she turned her head, she saw that he was gazing down at where she had been sitting. Her face went red again upon seeing the small but still quite evident puddle underneath her chair.

Brian faced her again, and she swallowed. It was unmistakable now, the desire in his eyes. The shiver it sent through her, almost one of fear, nearly made her lose control again. And then she glanced further down and saw the front of his pants, and she let out a tiny gasp.

There was an obvious bulge.

Making eye contact again, Brian must have known what she had seen, because he gave her a wide, Cheshire-like smile. She had spent so much time musing over how bizarre it was that the thought of having an accident in front of him could turn her on, and the whole time, she had never seriously considered the possibility that it could turn him on, too. Was it just a thing that people could be into? Her heart was pounding harder inside her chest now, and the thrill that went through her was almost enough to make her start leaking again.

And then…she did.

A high-pitched whimper slipped between her tightly clamped lips as heat filled her underwear again. The whole time, Brian watched her, his blue eyes still boring into her soul. The one-second spurt was followed by another, and then another. In the intensity of this moment between newlywed husband and wife, she could do nothing but stand there, rooted to the spot, as more streams began trickling down her thighs.

It was Brian who acted. He confidently seized her hand with the determination of a man who knows exactly what he wants and then strode briskly, almost dragging her behind him, toward a door off to the side of the hall. Opening it, he used one arm to direct her inside first before following and closing the door behind them. Angelica had by now stopped peeing, but she couldn’t be sure there were no drips forming a trail to where she now stood, inside a janitor’s closet, evidently. What were they doing here?

Brian stood right in front of her, staring down at her with his eyes inflamed with hunger. Angelica swallowed nervously as another brief spurt of pee leaked out again. What, exactly, did he intend to do to her here?

Without saying a word, he turned her around and crouched down, grabbing the ends of her dress with his hands. Despite his resolve, he lacked experience dealing with women’s clothes, and his hands grasped clumsily at the bulky layers of petticoats as he tried to lift them. Eventually she had to help, gathering her skirts in her arms and raising them up to her knees, exposing her calves to the cool air swirling around the enclosed space from the central air conditioning.

He wasn’t satisfied. His voice came out, quiet yet direct, in a throaty imperative: “Show me.” Then, with one hand pressed firmly between her shoulder blades, he bent her over so that her bottom stuck out like a ledge, and with the other hand, he guided her hem further up until it crested the hill.

And now, here she stood: with her butt on clear display, the moist skin developing goosebumps both with the breeze and with the erotic frisson of exhibitionism. Her breathing was shallow and rapid in her nervous state, unsure of whether she would even make it to a bathroom at this point, or if Brian would make her give in and have a total accident right where she was. She had imagined what her first time undressing in front of him would be like, and the reality of her present circumstances was making her heart feel like a game of ping-pong. The relative silence meant that the only sounds heard above the gentle whoosh of the air conditioning were their own respirations, barely audible in the palpable anticipation.

Then, tentatively and softly, he placed his hands on her cheeks.

She drew in a long breath as they delicately traced the porcelain globes of her behind, their warmth stimulating her and making the muscles alternatingly tense and relax as the explorer familiarized himself with terra incognita. Soon, however, his touch grew firmer, and now he moved not with cautious deliberation, but rather with intentional sensuality. Angelica closed her eyes and drank it in, her sex drive revving up. Although she had looked forward to this day for months in the concrete and years in the abstract, she would never have guessed that it would end up with her new husband petting her bottom in a mop closet while she was about to pee her underwear. And he was just warming up.

Brian’s hands caressed her natiform contours, sending shudders of ecstasy through her. As she stood there, bent over and holding her skirts up, her shapely rear end protruded, her thong on clear display. Her cheeks were already voluptuously framed by the outline of her panties, and by now the sheer fabric, made even more transparent in its wetness, left nothing to the imagination. Brian’s fingers curved around each hemisphere of her derriere, and she could hear his breathing growing heavier. Then he slid his hand right in between them, rubbing her gently up and down across her sensitive rear hole. In response, she moaned lustfully, squeezed her eyes shut, and released more of her urine. It sprayed out through her saturated underwear in a stream that splattered on the floor, sprinkling even more over her ankles and shoes and creating a new puddle.

@@His hand worked back and forth, front to back, stimulating her in all the right ways. As he slid his grip over her throbbing womanhood, her moans deepened and intensified. At the same time, she peed out another jet, pouring hotly over Brian’s hand. He responded by moving it faster, sending galvanic shocks of euphoria through her entire body. Her mewling pants intensified, and her face was hot with a sexual flush. Her control over her own body was rapidly dissipating, falling under the sway of his electrifying touch. She needed him—needed him to keep going, never to stop—to take her all the way to the moon. She gasped out salaciously, reveling in his reciprocal grunts of arousal. Right now, all thoughts of her puddle in the main hall or their guests waiting for them outside had fled from her mind. Her dopamine-laced brain could only focus on making this moment continue. She couldn’t believe how turned on she felt. Even the other times she’d orgasmed paled in comparison to right now. And now Brian’s other hand was back on her trembling left cheek, hot and fiery and overpowering…

She needed him. She needed him now.

“Brian,” she breathed, her voice sultry and husky. “Spank me, Brian.”

@@At first, he didn’t respond, and she wasn’t sure if her words had even come out intelligibly. But then, after a second, she felt his hand lift off her rear end, the skin underneath immediately cooling in the conditioned air. A moment of inflamed suspense made her breath stop, and then, with a resonating sharp crack, his palm landed squarely back on her cheek, sending an explosion of smarting pain through her backside like a thunderbolt. In a visceral reaction, Angelica arched her back and involuntarily uttered a moan of sheer carnal bliss. Brian’s hand drew back and smacked down again. Then again. And again. Faster and faster, in an escalating rhythm matched by the working of his other hand over her private parts. She moaned again, unable to stop herself. He was driving her wild, more than he even knew. The heat of passion was building at her crotch, and pressure and desire were both mounting higher and higher, her need to be both emptied and filled at the same time increasing to a breaking point. Her voice, throaty in its euphoria, was bursting out unbidden at each slap of Brian’s hand, and every muscle was tense with the buildup towards climax. She couldn’t hold on anymore. The freight train was in full motion now, and even if she wanted to, there was nothing she could do to stop it.

@@She screamed, right as a gushing stream of sizzling golden pee exploded inexorably out of her crotch, spraying out in a translucent arc over her legs and splattering noisily on the floor. As Brian’s hand kept working, even faster now, it slid back and forth under the warm cataract, breaking the thunderous cascade into diverse sparkling chains of droplets and even atomizing her liquid relief into a fine mist that filled the air with the rich musk of her urine. Unlike her brief leaks before, this time, Angelica had no more control over holding back than she did over her towering sexual exhilaration. As she peed fiercely through her thong, by now totally saturated, she found herself bending over even further, using her skirt-laden arms to press up against her own breasts, which were badly in need of being touched. Her butt jutted even further out than before, making her unstoppable golden flow spurt out more horizontally as a result. It hammered into Brian’s palm, showering out from between his fingers to tinkle widely over the floor, over the front of her hanging dress, over Brian’s pants and shoes, and all against her own shaking thighs and tense calves. Coursing rivers of pee drained down from under her rounded derriere over her taut legs to pool in her high heels and collect in the swiftly growing puddle around her feet. As her bladder emptied itself of its own accord, Brian’s hands kept up their work, the one mercilessly stimulating her womanhood and the other chastising her curvaceous bottom, each blow freeing another moan from her lips and sending a ripple through her rear end, scattering the clinging urine in showering drops like dew from a wildflower. Angelica was completely at his mercy as he made her pee herself the rest of the way through her panties, and she didn’t even know if she wanted to stop.

At last, after a little over twenty seconds, she was done. Not a dry spot was left to be found on her underwear, and the puddle under her feet was close to three feet in diameter. She had finished relieving herself, and the rush it gave her was so palpable that her legs nearly buckled underneath her. Even though only one of her two needs had been taken care of, it felt so heavenly that she couldn’t even speak, her mouth merely spouting unintelligible babblings as her eyes rolled back in her head from the pure bliss. Her head lolled forward as she panted, trying to come down from her high.

Brian, on the other hand, wasn’t done. In fact, he was just starting.

In the haze of her euphoric mind, she barely heard the sound of a zipper and some rustling of clothing. The next thing she knew, the hand in her crotch slid under the sheer material, now quickly cooling, and pulled the entirety of the thin band of fabric to one side. Her heartrate quickened again as she realized that Brian was now looking at her naked rear in all its glory, and that could only mean one thing. She had thought about this moment, wondered what it would be like—but she had never imagined she would be losing her virginity in a storage room after wetting her wedding dress. Exhilarated suspense sent tingles through her skin, and she felt sure that if she hadn’t just emptied her bladder, she would be peeing from excitement.

She could feel Brian’s fingers probe her private parts, opening up her labia. As he did so, a liquid other than urine dripped out. Behind her, she could hear his breathing, heavy with anticipation. She was more turned on than she thought possible, and he was teasing her. What was he waiting for? She needed him inside her. She needed him inside her now.

And then, the next thing she knew, she got her wish.

She blurted out a moan that morphed into a yell as he slid himself, larger than she thought could fit, all the way inside her. A dazzling golden ecstasy, a pleasure so fierce it was almost pain, emanated from her private parts and permeated every nerve and every pore. Once all the way inside, Brian drew back and then thrust forward again, sending another burst of giddiness through her. His pace quickened, his hands on her hips, pulling himself deep inside her, over and over again. With every push, her bare bottom bounced off his hips, making her cheeks jiggle and depositing some of its combination of sweat, urine, and vaginal lubrication onto his pristine slacks. The small part of her brain which was still capable of cogent thought was glad at least that his pants were dark, so they wouldn’t show a stain. The rest of her mind was simply overcome by the blinding pulses of throbbing pleasure surging rhythmically through her with each successive thrust by Brian.

Brian continued making love to his callipygian bride, plowing more forcefully and more rapidly now, and she had to move one of her hands to the wall just to keep from being knocked over by the power of his passion. His hands were gripping her tighter now, and she could hear over her own moans the deeper, masculine moans of her brand-new husband, as he breathed out her name with the voice of a man totally unstrung with virility and sexual fervor. Then, out of the blue, he removed one of his hands from her hips and brought it back down, with a resounding thwack, across her butt cheek. The cry it elicited from her only made him push faster, and if she wasn’t mistaken, he had gotten a little bigger, too.

At this point, the waves of bliss were coming over her so fast and strong that she thought she might break. It was all she could do to stay standing, and she had to greedily gulp down deep breaths of oxygen, afraid that otherwise she might pass out. They were in a positive feedback loop now, each one adding to the other’s arousal, and the only way of getting off the ride was to get each other off. She just hoped it wouldn’t leave her totally wasted as a result, since it was so intense—and so good—that it was almost frightening. By now, Brian was pounding inside her so hard that she couldn’t even control her volume and simply let her screams of ecstasy resound from her slack jaw.

And now, behind her, Brian’s moans were also reaching a crescendo, and then, quite without warning, she felt him grow almost impossibly big inside her. Her womanhood was being stretched as it had never been before, the most tender parts being ravished by the manful vigor of Brian’s ceaseless ramming. Angelica felt herself pushed to the very top. The unbelievably amazing bliss reached a zenith, and she squeezed her eyes shut, grabbing her own breast with her hand and letting out a howl as she reached her climax. She couldn’t see—she couldn’t think—she couldn’t do anything but try to breathe and not faint dead away as she was plunged headfirst into the depths and throes of wild bodily bliss. She also had no way of stopping herself when her orgasm made her bladder seize up again and spray out the two seconds’ worth of pee that had collected in it since it had last been emptied. It spread hotly around Brian’s turgid shaft before trickling outward, tickling the inside of her thighs.

This apparently sent Brian over the edge. Angelica heard him grunt, then felt his member swell and jerk inside her. It twitched for several seconds, pressing up against the sensitive wall of her vagina, and she could feel a new heat filling her up as he too climaxed, shooting his pearly load inside her.

They stood there for what felt an interminable duration, slowly drifting down from their high. With the only sound being their gradually calming breaths and the gentle whoosh from the vent, Brian wrapped his arms around his new bride and gently caressed her hair. They stayed silent for close to a minute, rocking slightly, reveling in their post-consummation afterglow.

At long last, he leaned in close and whispered into her ear, “How’s that for a private dance?” In her hazy bliss, the only response Angelica could give was to burst out into a genuine, carefree laugh, and then turn to kiss his grinning lips.

~*~*~*~*~

Lily tried to keep moving. It was her responsibility as maid of honor to be the point person for Angie, taking care of anything and everything she needed. As such, when Brian had told her tersely that there was an “incident” and that he needed her to get everyone outside and leave just the two of them there, she didn’t argue or question further. She instead swiftly slipped over to the emcee, made up an excuse about a private couple’s dance, and mentally tried to keep from overthinking what Brian could have meant by incident.

A side effect of having to stay on top of making sure everything went according to plan was that she hadn’t been able to step away from her post all day. This left her both hungry and thirsty, coasting on pure adrenaline and doing her best not to eye the refreshments too much, since that would just make things worse. She kept telling herself that once the reception settled into its lull halfway through, she would make sure to grab herself a plate and a cup of…well, anything, really. She licked her lips as her stomach growled, a gnawing complaint at being neglected. Even the champagne looked tantalizing, despite her determination to keep her commitment to avoiding alcohol.

Of course, in addition to ignoring her stomach’s emptiness, she had also had to ignore her bladder’s increasing fullness. The only good part about being forced to go without any food or drink was that it also meant she could go without a bathroom break for as long as she had. Let’s see—she had peed right before putting on her bridesmaid’s dress this morning, at a little before 10, and…that was it. She hadn’t been to the toilet since then, and it was now close to 4. That had to be some kind of record for her, and she hadn’t even been trying.

@@Nevertheless, she was feeling the effects. Vaguely aware that the slower the bladder fills, the less severe signals it gives off, which is why your first-thing-in-the-morning pee is always more liquid than it feels like, she shuffled her legs with more than a hint of impatience. No matter how little she’d had to drink in the last six hours, it was more than enough time for her to fill just about to capacity. And judging by how much she had to go now, she was rapidly approaching it. Her lower abdomen felt solid and dense, almost as though the liquid inside her were a thick ooze instead of ordinary urine. It had begun hurting shortly after the reception had started, and now that pain was a constant companion. The only bright side was that it felt more like a distant ache, akin to sore muscles, than like desperation. That at least made it easier to hold it. Of course, she knew that she should try to relieve herself soon, but the less she allowed her mind to entertain the idea—or to contemplate the reality of the source of her discomfort—the better. She was coasting on adrenaline, after all. There was no time to think about needing to pee.

Of course, now she was caught in the peculiar situation of not being able to take a bathroom break, and yet having nothing to do but wait. She had no idea how long whatever was going on with Angie and Brian would take, but she assumed that as soon as they were ready again, the reception would start up again in full swing. Even now, there was an atmosphere of testy restlessness among the guests, most likely due to a mix of having to stand outside and from being cut off from the refreshments, which were all still indoors. It was up to her to get everything back up to tempo once the bride and groom were ready, and she couldn’t risk stepping away even for a few minutes. So here she was, trying to keep moving but with nowhere really to go. She sighed and shifted her weight. It had already been close to ten minutes. What was going on in there?

Discreetly distancing herself from the crowd of guests, Lily surreptitiously cracked open the door to the reception hall and silently inserted herself. She didn’t want anyone to notice her and barrage her with inquiries as to the happy couple when she herself didn’t have any answers—and especially when she could barely stand still anymore. Peeking one last glance out at the throngs of attendees, she paused for a moment or two longer than necessary, not willing to admit to herself the reason why. Still, she knew well enough. She had been trying to spot where Jared was.

Jared. One of Brian’s best friends, apparently—and someone she had never met before this weekend. What was she doing, thinking about him at a time like this? She reddened slightly and quickly closed the door, embarrassed at herself. Still, she couldn’t deny it: ever since she had first met him, shortly before the rehearsal, she hadn’t been able to take her eyes off him—his glowing tan skin, his wide shoulders, his dark eyes—and whenever he’d shown that smile of his, complete with dimples and perfect teeth…well, let’s just say it had suddenly gotten harder for her to breathe. Try to ignore it as she might, she had spent many of her freer moments letting her mind (and gaze) drift back over to him. Being able to take his arm and go down the aisle together during the recessional had only made her feel even gooier inside.

She gave her head a shake. It was silly. She didn’t know him, and he didn’t know her. Why would he pay any attention to her at all? She was just being an idiot, like she’d been with that degenerate after graduating. What was his name again? Oh, right, Jay. Jay, Jared—maybe she just had a thing for names beginning with a J. It didn’t mean anything. She was only being like this because she still had no one at college express any interest in her. She had watched Angie’s relationship from Brian develop from inception to their wedding day, and she…she was still single.

Lowering her head, she let her hair hang down and obscure her face as she blinked hard in irritation at herself. She was Angie’s maid of honor, for crying out loud. This was no time to feel self-pity, and especially when she needed to focus. She took a deep breath, flipped her bangs out of her eyes, and ventured back through the atrium to the main hall. So. An “incident” had happened. What could that mean? And why would Brian use a euphemism like that? A knot began to form in Lily’s stomach, only putting further pressure on her bladder, as all the worst kinds of suspicions started sprouting from the soil of her imagination. Had Angie suddenly felt sick? Was she currently puking in the bathroom, or passed out with a fever? If so, what on earth would they do to sort out the rest of the wedding? She quickened her pace and suppressed a nervous twitch in her bladder.

Peering into the deserted main hall, now seeming so much larger in its emptiness, she glanced back and forth to try to find any sign of Angie or Brian. The vacant expanse offered her no clues at first inspection, and she strode inside, her high heels resounding on the tile floor. Turning her head in all directions, she tried to ascertain where they could have gone. Should she check the restrooms? What about the garden grounds? Sidling up to a table, she plucked a handful of grapes off a platter and popped them into her mouth. At least while she was here, she could do something about her hunger pangs. And maybe if she ended up checking the restrooms, she could use them at the same time.

As she chewed contentedly on the grapes, letting the juice drain satisfyingly down her throat, she noticed an unusual sound over the resonant hum of the central air conditioning. It was difficult to place, but it could almost be a voice. Was it Angie’s? And where was it coming from? She tilted her head, her brow knitted in focus, and attempted to decipher its provenance. In the empty room, all sounds seemed to reverberate from everywhere at once. She slowly stepped in one direction, then changed her mind and went in the other. It was slow going, trying to pinpoint the origin of the noise.

At last, after multiple false starts, she could at least tell the approximate direction of the source of the peculiar sound. Gradually approaching the side of the room where it came from, she could both hear it more clearly and yet also understand it less. It was like a chant, like a rhythmic wail. But the voice was unmistakably Angie’s. And it seemed to be coming from…the wall? No wait, not the wall. But…the broom closet? Lily cautiously neared the door and listened. It almost sounded like crying, but it was so regular, and the pitch was strange…what was it? She tentatively held her hand out to give a timid knock, swallowing and giving her inner thighs a clench at the same time.

Her fist hovered over the door, her sustenance-deprived mind still trying to make sense of the bizarre noises Angie was making. Something in her subconscious held her back from bringing her knuckles down, something telling her to quietly go back outside. And then it clicked, the reality that she had understood without understanding coming to light in her brain, and she pulled her hand back to cover her mouth.

If she was hearing it right, Angie and Brian were…doing it…right there in the closet.

Lily’s lower abdomen tightened, and she had to cross one leg over the other. Was this something they had agreed to do beforehand? To just…hook up in the closet, in the middle of their reception, where anyone could find them? The secondhand embarrassment of being so close to bursting in on them settled in on her, making her hair stand on end and sending prickles all through her skin. She never would have guessed that Angie would do something so brazen. If anything, it was much more the sort of thing that she herself might do. Might do. It was still awfully bold. And she had very nearly walked right in on them. She clenched her sphincter tight again and stepped back. She had to get out of here, disappear and feign ignorance of this whole thing, before they emerged. Or before something else emerged. She continued to squeeze everything shut, the shock still threatening to make her start peeing in her dress.

As her foot landed on the tile behind her, however, it didn’t tap. Rather, it splished.

She dropped her gaze to the floor and narrowed her eyes to see what she had stepped in. There appeared to be a tiny two-inch puddle of something there. A spilled drink? But wait, there was another. And another…and, hold on, there was a trail of them leading right up to the closet. But what was it? Had Angie and Brian taken some champagne in there with them? A sudden crescendo in passionate volume from Angie in the closet made Lily hurriedly straighten up, blushing, and turn to make a swift and silent retreat. As she did so, though, she cast her eyes back one more time to visually trace the path of spilled liquid. It continued more or less uniformly until reaching close to the middle of the room, where there was a larger puddle, and then the chair where Angie had been sitting—

And there, plain as day, reflecting the early afternoon light, was an even larger puddle, close to a foot in diameter. And it definitely wasn’t champagne.

Lily felt her throat and gut constrict as it dawned on her, despite her efforts to keep the realization from bubbling to the surface. Angie’s “incident” had really been an accident. It all made a kind of horrifying sense. Angie hadn’t gotten to pee all day either, and eventually she was forced to hold it until it was too late. Then, when she’d…wet herself…Brian had tried to downplay it, knowing Lily’s own sympathetic spastic bladder. But then why were they…y’know, getting it on? It hardly seemed like the kind of thing that could get someone hot under the collar. Hot in the underwear, yes, but in a different sense entirely. It was messy and gross and embarrassing and not the kind of thing that could be a turn-on. But…she had heard the moans. Clearly it wasn’t enough to kill the mood for Angie. Much as her brain tried to deny it, she knew with certainty both that Angie had had an accident and that she was currently losing her virginity.

And here Lily herself was, her bladder both sympathetically spastic and very full.

With a look of panic in her eyes, she hastily pushed the door open and emerged again into daylight. She had to find a bathroom ASAP, but she couldn’t risk using the one in the reception hall, couldn’t risk coming out at potentially the same time as Angie and Brian and then having to pretend she hadn’t heard anything. She swallowed hard, trying to imagine how she could even give her toast later on, knowing full well just how close she had come to accidental voyeurism of her best friend. Her mind was clouded with awkward bashfulness, which in turn was only exacerbated by her desperation, which was now descending on her in vicious throes. If she could only steal unnoticed back to the lodge, she could use the toilets there. Right now, though, her legs couldn’t move fast enough, with their every muscle taut in agonized suspense and her high heels unsuited for walking over turf. The pain of her overfilled bladder was intensifying now as the muscles began tightening against her will.

Mincing her way around the long side of the building, she tried to cut through the garden lining the walkway between the hall and the lodge. A quick look shot back over her right shoulder assured her that nobody had seemed to notice her, and so she hazarded a quick grab of her left hand between her legs, squeezing to stave off the spikes in pressure that were cropping up faster now. She was close, so close. Just focus on the next step. Focus on the next step, and don’t think about what you just saw in there…

@@A sharp jab of pain stabbed into her crotch, and she had to quickly bend over and stifle a gasp. Thoughts of Angie’s puddle and trail of pee drops to her honeymoon broom closet were tumbling in on her, faster than she could squelch them back. She imagined being trapped like Angie must’ve been, unable to break away to go pee, and then it suddenly being too late. In concert with this mental picture, her bladder spasmed again, and she had to briefly stop and double over further to keep in control, biting on her lip at the same time. The whole time, she could feel the one thought she was trying the hardest to keep at bay clawing its way slowly, unrelentingly, into the center of her consciousness. Sure, with her many accidents over her lifetime, she had experienced the full spectrum of emotions that were associated with peeing her pants: embarrassment, shame, fear, anger, frustration, panic. But one thing that she had never dreamed of being connected with an accident was the idea of it leading to sex.

She was walking again by now, but her hand stayed in her crotch. She didn’t trust her own nervous system at this point, with her mind still grappling with what had happened. Of course, could it have just been that Angie’d lost control briefly, Brian had tried to comfort her, and then one thing led to another? But…but then why had she evidently kept peeing her dress all the way to the broom closet? And why there, of all places? Why not head over to the family bathroom to get cleaned up? Lily furrowed her eyebrows again. It made no sense. Unless—unless she’d been right the first time, and wetting herself had in fact been a turn-on for Angie. Could people really be into that kind of thing?

Could…Jared?

It was too much for her. The turbulent musings in her stormy psyche were bearing down on her, like a kind of self-inflicted peer pressure, which was matched only by the very real pressure bearing down on her sphincter. Only ten feet from the lodge door, and her muscles released. She immediately yelped and doubled over again, clamping off the flow, but the seal had been broken. She’d leaked into her underwear, and she could feel the drops trickling down the inside of both legs.

Once satisfied that she had indeed regained mastery over her urinary system, she cautiously extracted her hand from where it had been wedged between the titanic grasp of her thighs. She grimaced upon seeing the obvious dark stain on the turquoise fabric. Maybe she could make herself scarce until it dried enough to not be visible, though of course that would mean having to step away from her duties, which was the whole reason she was in this mess in the first place. She could figure something out later, though. For now, get to a bathroom.

She mounted the three steps to the door with as much dignity as she could, considering she was still wearing her unwieldy high heels and still on the verge of bursting. One hand on the door handle, one twist, and—

—and nothing. It was locked. The door was locked.

Lily could feel her resolve crumbling out from underneath her. If this door was locked, then there was no way in. If there was no way in, then she couldn’t use the toilet there. And if she couldn’t use the toilet there, then she would use the toilet she was wearing. It didn’t matter if she didn’t want to. There was nothing she could do at this point.

No! There was still time—she didn’t have to have an accident—she didn’t. If she could just find somewhere secluded enough—

She bolted down from the threshold, only barely avoiding twisting her ankle. Already she could feel the warmth spreading out over her crotch again as the floodgates began to open. Not yet! I just need a few more seconds! Glancing around her with the same fervor of a hunted animal searching for a place to hide, her eyes landed on the hedges on either side of the wedding pavilion. She half-jogged, half-waddled over to them, her pee already dripping down past her knees. Even before she could be assured that she was completely behind it, she hiked up the hem of her dress on the other side of the hedge, dropped to a crouch, and let loose.

Her urine jetted out with the force of a fire hose, completely drenching her panties. She couldn’t help but breathe out a long, moaning sigh of relief as the wetness spread over her crotch and up between her butt cheeks. Thankfully she was wearing a thong. Originally it was to keep from showing any panty lines, but now it meant there shouldn’t be as much wetness to potentially soak through her dress.

She closed her eyes and relished the sweet, blissful respite from the fire in her groin. All the ache was now gloriously melting away, dissipating to the noise of the hiss of her pee as it exited and the thunderous splashing as she hollowed out a puddle in the dirt between her feet. Tiny misty droplets were splattering out from her pool and tinkling over her calves, but she didn’t care. She would clean herself up once she was done. As her stream continued unflagging past the ten-second mark, she shifted her position, her right foot sloshing in her ever-widening golden lake, which was by now draining in tiny tributaries off towards her right. She breathed out another sigh and readjusted her grip on her dress. At this rate, she would be here awhile.

Just then, though, a rustling behind her caught her attention, and she snapped her head around. The noise had been startling enough that she would have peed even harder, if that were even possible. Her panicked gaze picked up on a rapid movement darting out of sight as quickly as it could. Quickly, but not quickly enough for her not to see what it was, and her heart nearly stopped.

@@Two teenage boys, probably close to high school seniors, and both wearing somewhat shoddily assembled button-down shirts and ties, had been watching her from about thirty feet away, close to the tree line. As soon as Lily spotted them, they clumsily tried to book a hasty retreat behind the nearest trees. But they weren’t quite fast enough, and now Lily knew that they had been watching her go to the bathroom, getting a courtside view of her bethonged rear end as she peed out a veritable river. Her mouth dropped open in a gasp and she promptly straightened back up, yanking her dress down and clamping off the flow. The little vermin! How dare they do something like that, take advantage of her predicament to get a free titillation? Her cheeks were burning with anger and humiliation, almost as much as her crotch burned with the pain of shutting off the Niagara Falls down there. She watched, her stare fierce and penetrating, waiting for them to show their lecherous faces again so she could put some healthy fear into them. She certainly couldn’t go back to relieving herself, not here and not now—but she might not have a choice.

“Uh, Lily?”

The voice behind her made her jump and nearly start peeing again. Turning around once more, she felt her face go white as she was approached by none other than Jared himself, his face conveying a degree of uncertainty. Why did it have to be him? And why now?

As soon as she got her wits back, Lily brushed the hair out of her face and donned a saccharine smile. “Hey! Hey, yeah, hi, uh, hi, Jared. What’s, um, what’s up?” She cleared her throat and tried to sound and look professional, and not like a little toddler who’s just been caught after having an accident.

Jared completed his approach and now stood opposite her, on the other side of the hedge. Lily didn’t look down, but could only hope that the hedge was tall enough to hide her pee stain from earlier. He watched her for a few seconds, during which she had to fight to stand still. As her panties cooled around her private parts, the fire in her groin threatened to break free from its prison and rampage down her legs again. Finally, he spoke. “Brian and Angelica have just gotten back. It’s almost time for our speeches.” He cocked his head slightly in curiosity. “What, uh, what are you doing here?”

Lily swallowed, unable to think of a good excuse. At the same time, she could feel her stamina eroding and her panties gradually becoming warm again. She had to say something, something that would make sense and divert suspicion, but still buy her enough time to get to a toilet and finish peeing! Already she was starting to leak again, right across from the man she’d had a crush on for the last twenty-four hours.

Wait, what? A crush? That wasn’t what she was feeling…was it? She blinked and swallowed hard. But she couldn’t deny it: even now, face-to-face with him, staring up into his mysterious obsidian eyes, she knew that he could ask her to do just about anything and she would say yes. Her heart was fluttery and her knees felt weak; but that could also be due to her being on the brink of wetting her dress in front of him. And then she remembered how Angie could apparently wet herself and then immediately fall into Brian’s arms, and all of a sudden, she thought she understood.

She let out a nervous laugh and brushed her hair behind her ear again as the dam reopened and she began peeing into her thong again. In order to mask the unmistakable sound of her urine dribbling into the dirt, she drew her legs together to break its fall. It worked, but it also meant that now her legs were becoming coated with her liquid relief, streams of pee coursing down her inner thighs to split and bifurcate over her calves, her ankles, and her feet, with her freshly painted toenails. Her high heels were becoming totally wet, but there was nothing she could do about it. After clearing her throat, she answered with a voice that was shakier than intended, “Uh, okay. Um, thanks. I’ll, I’ll be right over there.” She hoped that he wouldn’t notice that she hadn’t really answered his question.

“Great. Yeah. I mean, no rush. Probably just a couple of minutes.” He gave a blasé, noncommittal grin and shoved his hands in his pockets. Then, to Lily’s horror, instead of leaving, he continued. “So, how long’ve you known Angelica?”

Lily, who was focusing all her energy on holding back just enough to keep her pee from turning into a geyser again, blinked for a second, trying to summon up her brainpower. “Uh, ever since high school. Probably close to six years now.” She had to actively keep herself straight and resist the urge to bend or crouch or grab herself. Still, she didn’t know how much longer she could limit the flow, and she couldn’t risk letting loose entirely and potentially getting her dress wet. Or rather, getting it wetter than it already was. Even now, she couldn’t be sure that it wasn’t getting caught in the spray from her crotch as her bladder emptied itself right in front of Jared, without him even knowing it.

Jared merely nodded. “That’s cool. Yeah, Brian and I have known each other basically our whole lives. I think we each assumed we’d be each other’s best man.”

Lily nodded back, racking her brain for a way out of this conversation. Even as her urine pooled around her feet, she could feel the full force of it wanting to explode out of her. She couldn’t hold back anymore. She needed to let go, let Nature have its way. She couldn’t hold it!

Jared, however, seemed to be searching for a way to keep the conversation going. Under any other circumstances, Lily would have relished the chance. But not now, not here! He casually pulled a hand out of his pocket to adjust his tie, and then asked, “So, what do you do? Are you in college now?”

Lily had to make her choice. She didn’t know if Jared would be able to see, didn’t know if the two peeping toms were still around, but she had to take that risk. The alternative was getting her dress visibly wet, to the point that everyone would know she’d peed herself, and that was clearly the worse option.

Taking a deep breath, her heart still hammering away in her eardrums, she discreetly dropped her hands to her sides and began delicately bunching up the hanging fabric in her fingers. She could feel the hemline of her dress creep upwards over her thighs, and she couldn’t tell if it was making the sound of her pee louder or if it was just the pressure in her ears that she was hearing. Licking her lips, she tried to give a response. “Um, um, yeah, yeah, I’m in college. Studying, uh…” She could feel the bottom of her skirt begin to slide over her butt cheeks, the cooler air giving them goosebumps. “Uh, public relations. I’m almost done with my second year.” Now the hem of her dress had completed its ascent, and so far Jared hadn’t broken eye contact, so that was good. She knew that if the two perverts were still watching, they would be getting the thrill of their lives as she stood there, ramrod-stiff, her mostly bare bottom on clear display.

“Hey, that’s pretty cool. Me personally, I’m just about to graduate. Engineering.”

“Oh, neat.” Lily knew she couldn’t hold back the flood any longer. Even now, her cheeks were busily clenching and unclenching, her thong strap disappearing between them every time her muscles tightened.

“Yeah.” He took a breath, then nodded toward the guests, who had been gradually drifting back into the main hall for the reception to continue. “Hey, wanna head back?”

@@It was too much for her. She could only manage an “um,” before all stamina abandoned her and the sluice gates were flung open. Her panties and shoes were already about as wet as they could be, and there were few places on her legs which her urine had not irrigated, but now that she was no longer holding back, the main effect was the increase in volume. Her hissing pee grew twice as loud as before, sounding even louder than that to her embarrassed sensibilities. She was peeing as hard as she could into her underwear, and now her stream began defying gravity and arcing out behind her as well. As her face reddened noticeably, she could only be glad that she had indeed pulled her dress up, since otherwise there would be a large dark spot over the seat. She could hear the fountain splattering all over the grass behind her and remembered what it was like wetting her jeans on the hayride years before. She could only hope that anything Jared heard he would chalk up to the actual fountain on the other side of the main hall.

As she neared five or so seconds of uninhibited urination, she knew she had to give some kind of an answer. “Um, I’ll be right over.” With some quick thinking, she came up with a white lie. “I, uh, I need to make a phone call.” She knew her eyes were wide with fear of discovery and her face was flushed with embarrassment, and she desperately hoped that he would buy her excuse.

To her great relief, it appeared to work. “All righty. See you back there.” He gave a little nod, turned away, and trudged back the way he came. Lily watched him depart without moving from her position, not wanting to risk it in case he suddenly thought of some reason to come back. She merely stood there, pee cascading out of her crotch like from a broken fire hydrant.

Once he was out of sight, she released the breath she hadn’t realized she had been holding and turned to look back over her shoulder. Sure enough, poorly concealed behind a tree trunk, she could see the sides of two adolescent heads peeking out, watching with intent fascination as she continued wetting on herself. At least neither one appeared to be recording her. She couldn’t even care anymore. Slowly lowering herself to the balls of her feet again, she spent another ten or so seconds releasing the remainder of the contents of her bladder into her thong. Even when she felt completely empty, she wasn’t satisfied until an active push confirmed that there was nothing left. All in all, she had probably peed for close to fifty seconds.

Delicately standing up again, she raised one leg, then the other, giving each a shake to get off as many drops as possible. She would also need to see about drying off her shoes as best as she could. For now, she gently lowered her dress back into its rightful place and smoothed it over with her hands. The show was over; everybody go home. Upon inspection, she was encouraged to see that the wet spot in the front of her dress from her earlier leak was already much lighter. Five minutes or so of dawdling with a fake phone call should be enough for nothing to be visible.

Stepping awkwardly to the side, she took turns removing each shoe and shaking it out, sending ripples through her three-foot-wide mud puddle. She would have to get her hands on some tissues or something to wipe down her legs, which were beginning to itch as her urine dried on them. Her heart rate was gradually returning to normal, and she breathed a heavy exhalation as her tension abated. All in all, it could have been much worse. Even if she had left behind a miniature lake, at least nobody had really seen it—especially Jared. Though she wasn’t quite sure she would feel totally comfortable looking him in the eye just yet.

Giving one last look at her puddle, Lily turned to glance at the trees again. There were no more signs of her onlookers, and that was just as well. At least now she could focus on subtly cleaning herself up before returning to the remainder of the reception.

~Aftermath~

A week of Angelica and Brian’s honeymoon had passed already, up in a cabin in the mountains of a national park two states away. The first day had been spent entirely in bed, intermittently kissing, fondling, making love, talking, and napping, only to then repeat the cycle. It wasn’t until the sun was going down that they had finally gotten themselves up to go out and find somewhere to eat.

Interestingly enough, in the days that had passed since their wedding, they had never actually brought up the events of their reception at all. After they had both finished in the janitor’s closet, Angelica had carefully removed her underwear and done a spot check of her gown while Brian saw to cleaning up the puddles on the floor. Once they had convinced themselves that nothing appeared out of the ordinary, they both bolstered their courage and invited everyone back in, pretending that nothing had happened. Despite the lack of evidence, Angelica had still felt that she was constantly blushing whenever she made eye contact with anyone. It hadn’t helped that Lily’s maid of honor toast had seemed oddly awkward as well.

Now, though, all of that was behind them. All the stress and buildup to their wedding was over, and they could relax. The mountain air was a wonderful boon in this regard.

Today, however, rather than spend time in the cabin, they had decided to go for a hike along the trails. Brian had snagged a map from a tourist center and spent a fair amount of time deciphering it, trying to find the best route for them to attempt. Eventually, they settled on a switchback trail that should take them right up to the nearest peak and afford them a breathtaking view of the valley on the other side. Armed with water bottles, snacks, and high spirits, they set out in the mid-morning, before it got too warm.

That was three hours ago. Now, having only reached the peak about thirty minutes beforehand, Angelica wondered if maybe they had pushed themselves a little too hard. She was tired and hungry, all their snacks having been eaten up between the two of them while they were still twenty minutes from the top. Her water bottle was nearly empty as well. At least the walk back was downhill, but it would still be at least another hour, optimistically.

And…she needed to pee.

She had started needing to go shortly after they’d left, but she felt too silly to bring it up, especially since she should have just gone before they set out in the first place. Of course, as they walked, it only increased more and more, and she tried to quiet her bladder’s signals by telling herself that they would reach the summit soon and then head back. She had no idea it was as far as it was.

Once they reached the top, they’d spent ten minutes or so taking in the landscape and catching their breath. It truly was beautiful, the fresh spring leaves beneath the cheery sunlight forming a vibrant verdant carpet in the vale below them. In any other case, she would have wanted to stay for much longer. Unfortunately, the pain in her abdomen was getting harder and harder to ignore, and so she tried to subtly—and then not-so-subtly—hint at wanting to head back to the cabin.

So, here they were now. At first, they held hands as they walked, but then it became too difficult to maintain over the bumpy terrain, and they gave it up. In their fatigue, neither one spoke much at all. It was just as well. It was getting increasingly difficult for Angelica to think of anything but her filling tank at this point, and she didn’t know how well she could maintain a conversation. Not to mention her stomach was growling even more now, and she needed a shower. This hike, which was supposed to have been a fun and romantic outing, was now just leaving her more and more irritable.

Another ten minutes of mindless trudging, and she had finished the last of her water. Just what I need now. It didn’t help that walking downhill made every foot land more heavily than normal on the hardened dirt, sending a shock through her body—and her bladder. She kept her head down, both to focus on where she stepped, and also to bite her lip and keep her sphincter tightly closed. One foot in front of the other. Step after jarring step.

Brian must have noticed something was off about the way she was carrying herself, because out of nowhere, he asked, “Are you okay, love?”

Angelica blinked and raised her head with a start, blushing slightly. “I, uh, yeah.” Then seeing that Brian’s face hadn’t changed, she added, “I just need to pee, is all.”

Brian’s expression flickered with a flash of amusement. “Yeah, me too. We should be back at the cabin in another forty-five minutes or so.” He put one hand on her shoulder and squeezed, then moved in and gave her a quick kiss.

As she pulled back, she tried to give a smile of reassurance to mask the annoyance—and unease—she felt inside. Forty-five minutes? That was not very soon. She heaved a sigh and responded with a limp “yeah…”

The look on Brian’s face shifted again, this time taking on an aspect of worry. His tone of voice reflected the change. “Do you have to go pretty badly?” When Angelica merely chewed her lip and didn’t answer, he continued, “Y’know, we’re all alone out here. We could just go behind a tree.”

Angelica bristled somewhat at this. She knew it was petulant of her, but she wasn’t a little kid, unable to control herself. Even despite her grumpiness, the thought did seem like a godsend. Nevertheless, stubbornness kept her from yielding. She could hold it. She would hold it. She couldn’t be desperate for a toilet in front of her newlywed husband just a week after having an accident in front of him. Squaring her shoulders, she mustered up more confidence than she felt and replied, “No, I’ll be fine. Let’s just keep going.”

A change passed over Brian’s countenance as she said this, one which she did not expect. A certain darkness flitted through his eyes, a kind of craving, like a predator hunting its prey. It looked, if she really thought about it, very much like the expression he had had when she’d peed herself during their reception. Even just remembering that day made her bladder tighten, and she needed to momentarily stop and clench tightly. She could wait until they got back. She’d be fine, of course she would be. Mainly, she wanted to prove to herself that she could make it, and also show Brian that not every time she needed a bathroom was an emergency.

Just as quickly as the expression appeared on Brian’s face, though, it vanished, leaving behind only his usual innocuously buoyant look. He seemed to think for a moment, then flashed a smile and said, “Okay, we can keep walking.”

@@The two of them resumed their trek in wordless monotony. Unfortunately, now that she’d refused Brian’s suggestion, Angelica felt more self-conscious about giving off any signs of desperation. It had been her idea, after all, to wait to relieve herself. She had to act as though she didn’t need a toilet as badly as she did—and that was getting harder and harder to do. Already the pee inside her was pushing against the waistband of her jeans like a stone growing inside her abdomen. She took a deep breath and told herself that maybe if things got really bad, she could always take Brian up on his offer. Still, she couldn’t see how to do that without looking foolish. If she changed her mind right away, it would be a sign that she really did have to go badly, in which case, why did she refuse the first time? And if she waited longer, well, they’d just be that much closer to the cabin, in which case, couldn’t she just make it all the way there? Either way, she would end up eating crow. She inwardly berated herself for being too proud to accept his offer. Now she would have to deal with it. Hopefully she would actually be okay until they got back.

Close to ten minutes passed, during which she couldn’t help but notice that Brian seemed to be watching her more closely than usual. Was he looking for signs of how badly she needed to go? Mildly irked, she said nothing, determined to endure. She didn’t want to have to admit her plight to him. By now, though, her urine was throbbing painfully inside her, and she wished she could stop to cross her legs.

Suddenly, though, Brian stopped, cleared his throat, and announced, “Well, I think I’m just going to go here.” He stepped slightly off the path and unzipped his pants. Turning his head back toward Angelica, he offered, “Feel free to join me.”

Internally, Angelica wanted to say yes. Brian was right: it was just the two of them, after all. And he was the one who initiated it—what reason could she have for turning it down? Nevertheless, her pride was still in the way, and she still felt crabby. She wanted not only to hold it until getting to the cabin, but to act as though it was easy. Giving her head an artificially nonchalant shake, she replied breezily, “No, thanks, I’m fine.” She then looked away, afraid that Brian’s stare would break down her façade.

He watched her for a few seconds, then shrugged as if to say “suit yourself.” Returning to his business, he pulled his built-in hose out and let loose with his spray. It arced out over the desultory groundcover and began splashing in it with a distinct splattering sound.

As soon as she heard the telltale dribbling, Angelica had to bite down on her lip again and squeeze her eyes shut. The clear sound of relief right next to her made it so much worse. Squeezing her thighs together, the option of swallowing her pride and just dropping her pants to join in screamed for attention in her head once more. Once more, she stifled it. She hadn’t come this far just to give up. Instead, under the pretense of disinterest, she turned away, her back now to Brian’s golden stream, trying to block it out.

But then, without warning, she felt a strange drumming on the seat of her pants. Before she even had time to react to what it could be, a peculiar warmth began to penetrate through to her skin, a hot, wet moistness across her rear end. Her hands immediately shot to her bottom in reaction, where they were instantaneously doused in a sizzling spray of liquid. At the same time, she noticed she couldn’t hear Brian’s dribbling anymore, and it clicked in her brain.

Brian was peeing...on her butt.

@@She gasped and lurched forward, trying to evade his sprinkler. As she did, his urine briefly splashed lower, over her thighs and calves. She let out a yelp and spun around, facing him where he stood, weapon still in hand, watering the path, and a look on impish mischief on his face. She could tell her face was red, both with anger and embarrassment. But her entire butt was now soaked, and before she could even say anything, her own bladder seized up, and she had to shove one hand between her legs. She stood there, mouth agape, one hand holding herself tightly in her crotch, the other still on her dampened derriere, and slightly bent over. She wanted to yell at him, but she was about to pee her pants, and she couldn’t get her voice to work. And Brian was still standing there, jauntily draining out the last of his own liquid load. As his urine splattered in the dirt at her feet, the sound of it, the wetness of her panties, and her own internal pressure merged into a tidal wave that was bigger than her ability to resist it.

As she stared at him in shock, Angelica let out a grunt and began wetting herself. Within seconds, the dark patch on her crotch expanded around the impotent dam of her hand and started extending down her thighs. She stood there, completely powerless to hold back, and felt her pee faucet flood her underwear, heating it all over her groin and now across her butt as well, finishing the job that Brian had started. She didn’t move or make any attempt to stop it. She merely stood there, rooted to the spot, as she emptied her bladder into her clothes and had yet another pee accident in front of Brian.

Her urine was streaming down her calves by now, and she could feel it reach the cuff of her jeans and begin pouring out, soaking her sock and pooling in the dirt around her shoe. Brian, meanwhile, only watched her loss of control with a look of lascivious delight, and she could feel anger bubbling up inside her. This was his doing. He had made her pee herself. She could have held it until they got back. She really could have! She wanted to be mad at him, but at the same time, the blissful relief was sending shockwaves of euphoria through her, and she let out a satisfied moan in spite of herself. It wasn’t fair. How could Brian simultaneously embarrass her and make her feel so good?

Her pee continued to flow uninhibited, trickling down the inside of both legs and creating a puddle around both feet which now merged into one larger one. The wetness on her pants was clearly visible from the front and back, and on her right leg it wrapped all the way around to meet on the outside of her calf also. Brian, meanwhile, had finished peeing, and merely stared with rapt fascination at her accident. His penis was still in his hand, and as her bladder squeezed out the last of its contents into her thoroughly drenched panties with a shudder, Angelica saw, to her amazement, that it had grown.

Brian had an erection from watching her wet her pants.

Even beyond the abundance of liquid already expelled into her underwear, Angelica could feel herself growing wet again. Dang it! Why did peeing herself in front of Brian turn her on so much? Especially now, when she wanted to be annoyed at him. Why was the humiliation of it making her both angry and horny all at once? Even now, a flush was creeping its way up into her face, and she felt that she needed to be touched, caressed, and fondled.

Not wanting to break just yet, she put her hands on her hips and fixed him with the sincerest glower she could muster. “You enjoyed that, didn’t you?” I don’t want to admit it, but I did, too. You’ve got some nerve, Brian Parrish. I’m not happy with you right now, but I need you inside me.

Brian turned slightly red, only now seeming to notice his own excitement. As he fumbled to stuff his magic wand back into his pants, he stammered, “Well, I mean…I guess I thought, since no one else is around…I thought…”

Angelica flipped her hair out of her eyes, still maintaining her attitude of affected nobility. “Well, I’m not walking the rest of the way in these wet clothes. So you’re just going to have to carry me.” Stepping out of her puddle, she pulled off her shoes and socks, squeezing each one out over the underbrush, then unbuttoned and peeled off her jeans, the wet fabric clinging to her skin and making it difficult to pull off. Finally, standing there with only her wet panties covering her lower half, she bent down and slid them off too, now naked below the waist. The cool air was making her shiver, and she could see Brian’s pants bulging out even more, but she pretended not to notice. Teasing him like this was part of her retribution for him making her pee herself.

Gathering her wet things under her arm, she strode around behind him and hopped up onto his back. After briefly adjusting position to where both of them were comfortable, Brian began dutifully trudging back, carrying his wet wife. Holding his hands under her naked thighs so close to her butt and knowing that her naked vagina was rubbing on his shirt would no doubt be driving him wild, but he couldn’t do anything about it until they got back to the cabin, and he’d probably be hot and sweaty and out of breath from carrying her all that way. She smiled deviously to herself. It was fun to tantalize him like this. Maybe if she needed to pee again along the way, she could just do it where she was, over the back of Brian’s shirt. Wouldn’t that make him crazy? As they continued, her hips bouncing against him, she mused that they couldn’t get back soon enough. The sex was bound to be especially good.

