Holding Contest [Gilmore Girls NSFW Omorashi]

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-08-14 21:53

“Already? Now that’s embarrassing for you Rory, hardly even held it, what...two hours maximum?” Rory’s legs were shaking, knees pushing together, trembling as she tried with all her might to push them apart and stand normally. This was all caused by that blonde girl, amusement clear in her voice when she spoke. The brunette’s body was begging for a way to hold it that didn’t involve holding herself like an embarrassing fucking toddler! She knew how to use the toilet! She just...wasn’t allowed to right now, said door locked. Both keys around the necks of her tormentors.

“You! Bitch...Bitches! If I- Didn’t ne-need to, I wouldn’t be in front of the bathroom!” Rory’s eyes were locked on the key not even caring that she stuttered. Blue eyes wide, wet with emotion, could barely focus on that smirk each girl wore. Rory hated the way these two girls were looking at her, as if drinking in her desperation, entertaining the idea of this girl losing what little control over her body that she had left.

“How badly do you need it? Prepared to beg? How...pitiful, needing to go so bad you can’t even speak, why doesn’t the little girl go use the potty~?” The snide giggle came from Madeline, whose back was against the bathroom door. Making sure in desperation the brunette couldn’t try to break the door down. Honestly though, this girl couldn’t even stand up straight, Rory whimpering, as her hands forced themselves between her thighs, her shorts tight against her skin. It felt like the fire in her chest was more and more intense the lower in her torso. Every movement made her body want to release a drop, anything just to get a smidgen of relief from this damn affliction.

Rory could feel the two girl’s eyes on her, their gaze like a burning touch across her thighs, that wouldn’t stop trembling. Her knees could barely stand to hold her weight, shoving themselves together as her upper half bent over her lower. The pressure not really helping the situation, but standing up was so much worse.

The desperate, defiling need was clawing its way down her body, tensing the muscles in her stomach, begging her to stop tensing her body, just let go of a small rush of the liquid she needed to get out of her body, her system. It was the ultimate temptation, only cut by the laughter of the two girls who were watching, Paris was holding something, and with a quick glance up, Rory whimpered, unable to form the words she needed.

“You know, this video will be lovely to watch if you get too uppity with me again Rory, go on, wet yourself, you’re only delaying the inevitable.”

Rory could only muster the strength to shake her head, her legs were shaking so much, her shoes kept slipping on the tile floor. Her legs wanted to lower her to the ground. But, any contact with the cold floor scared her, any more sensations down there, and her body would give out. Paris stepped forward with a click of her shoes, a finger jabbing Rory in the lower stomach, dragging a keen from the brunette, eliciting a sneer from the blonde.

“Hgn! Ngh...ha-...Fuck! What...the fuck i-is your problem!” The quick panting breaths that came from Rory in that moment were all she could focus on, barely hearing the jeers from her supposed ‘friends’ embarrassment creeping up her spine like a near disease. Their words blurred together, as she felt the first step in her body’s next plan.

A droplet had sneaked out, followed by another, and another, soaking into the pale pink fabric of her panties. The liquid was warm, only making it worse on her lower half, her breaths were getting shorter, and her legs stopped shaking, from just how hard she was tensing her poor abused lower half.

Rory’s hand slammed into the wall beside her with such force, Paris let out a gasp, but that wasn’t the only reason why. Madeline snickering behind her hand as she hadn’t noticed yet, fingers playing with the chain around her neck, the two girls nearing the end of their prank, planning on letting the girl off the hook.

“Oh my fucking god- Mady she’s pissing herself, holy shit!” Paris’ voice was mixed with amusement and disgust, and Rory felt her eyes finally have too many tears to hold, the liquid leaking down her flushed cheeks.

Then the warmth wasn’t just a handful of rebellious drops that wanted to release pressure. Liquid was brushing it’s warmth across the fabric of her shorts, soaking through her thin panties in only a matter of seconds. A noise of relief left her as the burst of liquid only let the floodgates break. Instead of her shorts only being blotched with liquid, instead a stream was splashing down between her legs, the sound unmistakable between the girls.

“W-Wait no I-” What little she was able to speak quickly melted into a noise that wasn’t one of desperation, wasn’t one of anything but...pleasure, from the relief of the sudden...emptiness in her bladder? The puddle on the floor spread between her shoes, flowing between the tiles underneath her. Rory knew...she should feel shame, embarrassment, but instead thrills of heat struck her. She wanted more, and instead of trying to stop, she only let it go, shivering, with a muted moan, not knowing when she pushed the back of her hand to her mouth, her other still on the wall beside her.

Even just the thought of it now made that odd little zing rush straight to Rory’s thighs, spreading it’s tingling claws up her sensitive thighs, ever closer to the area that called for attention...Recalling the memory of the two girls teasing her to the brink...and then some.

“Rory?” Lane had come back, with that bottle of wine she had promised. Rory flushed, noticing her hand on her thigh, leg bouncing, the flashback having been brought up due to her sudden need…though it wasn’t as bad as it had been that day, she wished it was.

“Oh I uhm...just thinking about what happened...The other day, the way I was forced to uhm….y-you know.” Even just mentioning it made her flush, her mind bringing up fantasies of how else that memory might have ended. Lane even seemed to be embarrassed for her, glancing away, and pouring two glasses of the drink. Rory’s eyes lingering on her friend’s pink cheeks.

“I can’t even imagine feeling that way...Embarrassed right?” Lane seemed to glance at Rory from the side of her eye, as if searching her features for something. Rory met the eyes of her friend, and nodded, though...hesitated. She felt guilty for lying but, how did you admit that it...turned you on?

“That and...other things...I...well, is it normal to feel, ways from...an incident like that?” Rory swallowed, nervous at the sudden look of surprise on Lane’s face, but only flushed more when her friend nodded in response to her question.

“I-It uhm, makes….me feel that way when I do that on...purpose.” Rory’s noise caught poor Lane off guard, making her down the wine in a couple of gulps, pouring herself more, Rory polishing off hers as well, to gather more courage.

“N-No! Don’t take me the wrong way! I...It...It turns me on, to piss myself.” To that Lane flushed, shuffling her knees together, her own need delicately making itself known against her lower stomach. She had been holding it, planning on secretly wetting after Rory was gone.

“I-I uhm, feel the same...The squirming, it...it makes me... Do you...well, I mean if it’s both of us, we could...enjoy it in company?” Lane’s suggestion snapped Rory’s eyes up to the other girl’s, her cheeks couldn’t be any pinker if they tried.

“We could have a contest, the winner...gets to enjoy themselves a little more?” Rory felt breathless, the idea of Lane’s head, bobbing between her thighs? Or...making this kinky girl moan. Her hand balled into her blue shorts, the Nike logo crinkling with the fabric.

“S-Sure! But...I hope you’ll enjoy getting me off in soaked pink shorts Lane.” Rory flushed at her own boldness, loving the way Lane crossed her legs, pushing her hands down the legs of those gym shorts, to grip the hem. It was so clear that Lane had put herself at a disadvantage, it turned Rory on so much, feeling herself grow wet at such a simple discovery.

Rory loved that cute look on her face, her body tensing, and untensing, trying to save energy. Already her need was pressing against her lower half, sending her knees together, she knew her body was still recovering from giving out only a couple of days prior.

Yet the idea of….pissing herself in front of someone, made her take another drink, the buzz of alcohol filling her limbs, her legs, making that soaking heat gathering between her thighs all the more noticeable.

“Ngh! R-Rory, your legs are already shaking, should you really drink more? Are you trying to lose?” Lane’s amused voice didn’t match her body, hunched over, hands between her legs, Rory felt her thighs tense, knowing she had almost...barely escaped from wetting herself, losing so quickly.

“Maybe I just wanna hear you moan like t-that again~” Rory’s confidence was all too real, but her legs were betraying the fact that her body was giving out. Knees shaking, ankles far apart, she didn’t dare put her hand against herself. She wouldn’t be able to not touch herself, soaking wet as her pussy was.

“Hehe...so much c-confidence for a loser.” Rory grinned, assuming it was more sexy trash talk, until she felt her leg jerk from sudden pleasure, and not a single person had touched her.

“O-Oh! Fuck I...Ngh~!” Her body, with its recent shutdown, was sensitive, too sensitive for the mix of booze and pressure, she was doomed to lose from the very start, something Lane looked thrilled about. Her shorts, a soft pale blue, with pink trim stood no chance. The burst of urine that came from Rory soaked the inner thighs of her shorts within seconds. The warmth of the liquid pooling between her legs, leaking down the front of the leather couch, staining the shorts as Rory moaned, her eyes fluttering closed, as her head tilted back against the couch.

The feeling it sent up her body made her shiver, peaking her eyes open to watch Lane. The sight almost made her cum right then and there, Lane was shaking, pink-faced, hands between her legs, bent over a bit...All while fixated on the pee that was on her couch, across Rory’s body.

“I….it was so sudden...h-how much did we drink?” Rory was fearful for a second that Lane was going to betray her, pulling out a camera to expose her to the would-be bullys of before. However she didn’t, instead, crossing her legs the other way, her breathing giving away the way her full bladder was making her feel. Brown eyes taking in the sight, hands shaking with need.

“I won Rory...my...r-reward. I need it...” Rory flushed watching her companion as those legs trembled with the effort it took to hold back her need. Slowly inched apart at the knees, showing a pair of shorts that wasn’t good at hiding her shame at all. A neon pink pair, that right in front of Rory’s eyes had a few sporadic droplets soaking into it, the dark color so very obvious.

“Can...you handle your reward?” Rory’s voice was a purr of lust, now that her need was gone, her bladder empty in such a hot way, soaked all the way through her shorts, she was ready to make Lane’s body beg for release, in more ways than one.

Leaning over, Rory loved how Lane’s breath hitched. Her hand moving across the couch to hold her knee, pushing her legs apart knowing her body wasn’t ready for such a sudden movement.

Her body lasted about two seconds before a small stream just barely managed to wet her crotch, those pink shorts clinging to the girl. Lane’s gasp was so pleasure filled Rory couldn’t help but sneak a glance up at the girl in front of her, legs shaking more now from the simple pleasure of releasing some pressure rather than the strain of holding back her needs.

Rory pressed her lips to the inner side of Lane’s thigh, letting her breath fog over the sensitive skin as Lane’s fingers dug into the fabric of the couch. The winner’s own breath hitching at the sensations that hadn’t even begun to pleasure her yet. All Rory responded with was the sound of soft laughter, her tongue moving over the upper part of her inner thigh, drawing a smiley with the tip of her tongue through the pink shorts. Lane groaned softly, under her breath, trying to keep the sound in check.

“T-Tease...get to it...I won, didn’t I-I? Ngh!” That cute stutter in her voice was cut off when the air was exposed to her soaked panties, pastel green with a blotch of yellow, no puddle yet. Her bladder bumped through her tank top, showing how much she still had left.

“And miss these sounds you’re making?” The teasing in Rory’s voice was unmistakable, as she dropped the shorts to the ground, crumpled and wet, Rory hooked her fingers on the sides of her panties, pulling them down, to relish how wet Lane was.

Rory was eager, and so was Lane, who’s legs spread, allowing a little bit of urine to drip onto the couch, the girl’s hands, gripping the couch behind her head, as Rory kept her legs apart.

Leaning her head down, Rory slowly dragged her tongue over the lips of her flower. Gentle and slow, loving how the steady breathing from before was anything but with just a simple movement.

“Ohfuckme...such a tease.” Her voice was breathless after only one little touch of the tip of her tongue, yet Rory wasn’t one to keep her winner waiting. Her tongue gently explored a hair deeper, loving the way Lane’s thighs squeezed either side of her head. Flicking the tip she barely brushed her bud of pleasure, loving the near-shout Lane made at such a simple pleasure.

“Oh god! Oh...please...don’t stop! More!” Every couple of seconds begs fell from the smaller woman’s mouth, urging her to continue, eyes closed, and mouth open, her panting was all Rory needed as encouragement. Only a small movement of her tongue was needed to draw her clit into her mouth, sucking on it only sent poor Lane into heaven, and Rory felt it, her body giving out.

“Ngh! Fuck! Rory!” Her calls were only getting louder, as Rory’s fingers dug into the flesh of her friend, feeling her muscles tighten more and more, her head moving between the pale legs of the winner, whose body wasn’t giving her much of a choice. Her body loosened just a hair, urine splashing between the two, soaking into the couch and leaking down the front of the couch, getting on Rory’s shirt as she continued her task, smiling against the needy puss, that was trying to ride her mouth in the cutest way.

“O-Oh fuck- I can’t keep i-it...it in! I-'' What passed through her lips next was nothing more than moans, her back arching from the couch as her piss soaked into the carpet, though that wasn’t the only liquid coming out of her, drool shining on the edge of her lips, as her eyes closed. Rory loved how loud her little winner was, pulling back with a smirk, licking her lips.

“Congratulations~”

“Mmm….I” Madeline glanced at Paris as her friend leaned down beside her, though much slower than she usually did. Cutting herself off, Madeline coughed to cover it up, though tensed as she did...What was wrong with her?

It was like her body was slowly heating up, as if it couldn’t focus on anything else other than her bladder. Heating up her lower half, making every brush of clothing, every glance her way so much more...intense, shouldn’t she just go...pee? Nono...not in the middle of gym class.

The only weird thing was that she had barely drank any of the water Rory had given her. The water Rory had given to both her, and...Paris...that made her have to pee very suddenly.

“W- Fuck...What is it?” Paris whispered under her breath, fingers reaching for her ankles and grabbing them, holding the yoga pose the class was all following. Though it felt like her body was screaming for her to just leave, go to the bathroom. She was fine though, it wasn’t that bad, right? She had half a bottle of water, she shouldn’t need to go this badly! Though...she didn’t want to go take care of it, not yet.

“Are...you okay? it’s….I feel weird.” Madeline swallowed hard, squeezing her eyes shut, as she assumed the same position, feeling her stomach bend over her bladder just a bit, the pressure was immense. Her face flushed with the feeling of need that buzzed up her spine, mixing with the warmth that was pressing on her lower half, dragging it’s seductive fingers across places she really didn’t need to have to...satisfy, in the middle of the day.

“Same, I...doubt she drugged us.” Paris huffed, more annoyed with her bladder than her friend, who seemed to have a similar problem. The two on the same page about what was...wrong.

“Y-Yeah, I barely even have to...anyway.” Madeline murmured, avoiding the sharp eye of their instructor, focusing on her gym sneakers, glancing to Paris one last time.

If she was faring badly, then poor Paris was doing much worse, even from the two feet away she was, she could see easily that Paris’ hands weren’t steady, as the rest of the class moved to spread their legs apart. Paris’ were shaking like a leaf, the girl panting though this class was low-exertion.

Everyone in the class besides the two were chatting, giggling, and Paris’ face flushed, blonde hair held out of her face in a ponytail. Were they talking about her? No...no, Mady was fine and so was she.

That fire in Paris’ stomach was only clawing lower, matching with Madeline as she tried to ignore it, sinking to one knee, she whimpered, a sting of pain shooting up her spine. Her hands balled into fists, a small bit of confusion passing her face as she….felt herself grow wet, but...in more ways than one.

Peeing, Paris was peeing herself in the middle of gym class.

But that was impossible wasn’t it?! It wasn’t like she had to go that badly! Madeline whimpered quietly, as she couldn’t tear her eyes away from her friend, who was frozen in place, shaking as urine splashed down her thigh, soaking into her mat as people in the classroom fell silent.

“M-Mady...” Paris’ voice, next to her, shaking, steeped in desperation that only made Mady acutely aware of how far apart her legs were spread, eyes unable to look away.

“Yea- Oh god.” Mady had looked up to her friend, expecting her to need help out of her position, not for Paris to be staring at her legs, only to realize what was happening amongst the whispers of their classmates.

Madeline’s legs were slowly darkening with rivulets of yellow leaking down the navy blue shorts. Dripping off the edge of the hem, down her pale legs to the yoga mat underneath her, knees were shaking, barely able to support her, and both girls were too terrified to move. The entire class was silent, except for the occasional giggle, and both girls knew who the culprit was.

Paris was staring straight at Mady’s accident, and she knew what was happening. Paris could feel the warmth soaking her shorts, her underwear, the warmth of it making her aching needy pussy only that much more desperate. She was losing control, she loved it, she was so fucking horny, and all she had done was...piss herself, in front of everyone, right...next to Madeline.

“What happened?! I’ve never...done that before.” Madeline was biting her nails, legs on the bench beside her as Paris paced, the two girls in their undergarments, while their clothes washed in the gym’s attached laundry room. The rest of the class finishing outside.

Madeline couldn’t take her eyes from Paris’ panties, stained a little yellow from her accident, she jerked her eyes away whenever Paris’ eyes fell on her own, embarrassed, but...enjoying the way her friend looked.

“Didn’t feel nice, did it now, girls?” Rory’s voice, from behind a row of lockers, stepping into view, she was in her own gym clothes, and Paris had to rip her eyes away from Mady’s wet panties, flushing pink.

“What on earth are you-” Paris stopped as Rory came closer, eyes raking over their wet, stained clothes, with a sneer.

“Didn’t feel the need to change out of those...garments?” Rory knew it, the shifty looks, the way they were covering themselves, as if worried she could see how horny they were.

”You liked it, didn’t you...pissing yourselves?” Rory as she spoke stepped closer to Paris, a forefinger playing across the wet, see-through slit in her garments. Paris’ yelp turned into a moan, before she could stop herself. Hands covering her mouth as she looked away. Madeline’s legs unintentionally pushed apart, wanting it so badly, her body betrayed her lust, hoping to be touched too.

Rory moved to give her what she wanted, a thumb pressing through the wet fabric to play against the tip of her clit. Mady’s reaction was immediate, a stifled groan into her palm, eyes shutting from the surge of pleasure.

“It’s too easy...stop messing with me...both of you...and we can help each other out...If you’re that needy, that horny, from peeing yourself...” Rory trailed off, Paris looking on with near jealous eyes at the touches she wasn’t getting, moving closer to straddle the bench, her own hand on her own thigh, as if trying to tempt the brunette.

“And if I did like it? What are you going to do?” Paris spoke, while Madeline nearly rutted on Rory’s thumb. Paris felt her nipples harden, poking through her shirt, as Rory glanced down, taking in Paris’ obviously wet underclothes.

“I’ll let you get off on me....I’ll pleasure both of you...since it was so easy to get you both to piss yourselves, embarrassed that you liked it?” Mady and Paris felt like they’d burn alive if they didn’t take this girl’s offer, frantic nodding meeting the offer made.

Rory took her thumb away, Madeline covering her mouth to keep from moaning, eyes half lidded in pure lust, Paris trying to fight hers back and failing, especially with the diuretics still in her system, the bench she sat on was slowly wetting with what little liquid had reentered her bladder.

Rory undressed in front of them, dropping her shirt to the floor, her shorts to the ground, as she pushed Paris’ legs apart, straddling the blonde, their wet panties, stained slightly yellow pressed together, Paris whimpering in need as Rory’s lips locked with hers, their hips rutting together, their clits only getting mild friction from the inside of their soaking wet pussies and their silk panties, their shorts hanging off their legs, soaked with urine from both girls.

“R-Rory, what about me? I...I want it too, I’ll piss myself again...anything please?” She was desperate, and Rory couldn’t speak with the moaning she was doing into the lips of the prissy blonde she had tamed. Moving to push Paris down onto the bench, she kept riding her, fingers fumbling to push silk out of the way to scissor the girl, the scent of urine turning all the girls on even more.

Paris was moaning, her head tilted back as she saw Madeline take the hint, wet panties pushed down, she moved to kneel on the bench, aching puss only an inch away from Paris’ mouth.

“So horny just from a little bit of peeing?” Rory teased, unable to help herself, getting even more turned on from how her own body bounced against Paris’, how Paris’ hands went to Madeline’s hips and dragged her pussy onto her lips, eating Mady out as the girls’ legs gave out, sitting fully on Paris' face.

Rory didn’t waste time, leaning forward to grab Madeline’s face, she kissed her, their lips locking and unlocking to breathe, moans muffled into each other, as Rory’s own body responded to the lust. Her urine leaked down Paris’ bare stomach, soaking the under edge of her bra, and leaking to the side, down to the floor, into a small puddle.

