A Ghost Story - Pt.2

Author: Gothes

*000*2020-02-01 01:28

She took her underpants off and kept pressing harder agains the bare skin of her genitals. Hands, legs and clothes got wetter and wetter, she saw the urine overflowing out of her shoes. It just wouldn't stop. Sofie knew immediately that this wasn't normal. At some point she stopped holding back the flood and just let everything out like a fountain of liquid gold hoping that it would stop soon. She held her skirt up as much as possible in order to not ruin it and spread her legs for the stream to pour down on the ground in a straight line.

Underneath her there wasn't a puddle but a tiny river of yellow, foamy urine that flowed all the way down the path. Panic was written all over Sofie's face since she had no idea what was happening to her. Suddenly the stream got stronger ... and stronger ... and stronger. Sofie started to feel a sense of relief which became more intense after each second that passed. An overwhelming sense of pleasure overcame her unexpectedly. Her senses went crazy and the first moans broke the silence around her.

The stream got out of control and the girl was spraying urine all over the place, Sofie was shaking, but everything in that moment, the sense of relief, felt so good, so heavenly good that an orgasmic wave of pleasure hit her, so intense that she couldn't hold the skirt up anymore and it fell back into place while getting sprayed on by the strongest gush of pee she had ever experienced. In that moment the young woman reached the pinnacle of pleasure and moaned as loud as never before.

A few moments later everything stopped. The endless stream of urine reached it's end, the excitement within Sofie was gone and she felt weak, very weak. She got dizzy, her eyesight was blurry but she saw the sillhouette on the hill who started to run in abnormal speed towards her. In that moment the girl broke down and lost consciousness.

CHAPTER TWO: THE STRANGER'S GAMES

Sofie slowly started to regain her senses again. She heard her body slowly moving on the grass and felt the softest evening breeze tickling her skin as her eyes slowly opened. Something appeared in front of her as her eyesight got stronger. It was a face, a beautiful pale face of another young woman that looked at her with a cute little smile and the most beautiful emerald eyes Sofie had ever seen. The pale woman gently stroke Sofie's cheek as she was waking up. But the girl's relaxed mood changed quickly as she realized the pale woman wasn't wearing any clothes. Shocked she sat back up and crawled away from her. In that moment Sofie realized that she was naked as well. The girl instinctively tried to cover her precious breasts and tender genitals from the stranger in front of her. In doing so she felt the wetness from before on her thighs, feet and between her legs. The pale woman kept staring at her without blinking once, her cute smile got creepier the more she looked at Sofie.

"Where are my clothes?!", Sofie asked suspicious.

"Don't worry, we're all alone here. Noone will see us", the pale woman said with the softest of voices.

Sofie started to look around while the fear began to show on her face. The girl found herself in the middle of a vast meadow far away from everything and everybody, she was still near home since she recognized the mountains all around her, but somehow the place felt foreign to her.

The stranger stood up and slowly walked towards her.

"Who are you?!", said Sofie panicky without letting the woman in front of her out of sight.

"My name is Dana", she said while walking around Sofie, gently touching the girl's soft skin with her pale fingers "...and I think I fell in love with you."

As soon as she said that Sofie jumped up and moved away from Dana while still trying her best to cover her body parts. Dana started laughing gracefully and with a calming tone she said: "Don't be afraid, dear. I am nude as well ... and I already looked at your splendid body with admiration while you were resting in the grass."

"Why don't you have clothes on?", asked Sofie careful and confused as never before.

"Because I don't want to hide my beauty."

Sofie was speechless. She had no clue what was happening and was frightened by the woman in front of her. Tears started to roll down her cheeks: "Tell me who you are ... Dana."

"I wander around forests and villages, at dusk and at dawn, to pick out certain people to satisfy my needs and stimulate my lust whenever I feel the urge to."

"You rape people?", asked Sofie frightened.

"I do not, my dear ... My heart craves for those who share the same passion as I. When I play my games I want them to play along, I want them to enjoy what they are doing and feel the same heat as I do because only a mutual predilection creates the most sublime experience ... and that's not how rape works."

"You did that to me earlier", signs of anger shaped Sofie's voice.

"I must admit I lost control of myself for a moment then, as I saw your lovely face along that path I let my strongest desires take over my actions and I couldn't help but admire the beauty of your struggles in that one moment."

Sofie was lost of words, so much was going on in her head right now that she couldn't organize her thoughts.

"I'm not a human, Sofie, I'm a ghost, a spirit if you want, I've been dancing with the strangers of this valley for hundreds of years", whispered Dana careful. Sofie made a few steps back, the fear returned: "Why do you know my name?"

Dana began to explain, slowly and thoughtful: "I know you mother, child. We met before in the past years. I've been waiting to meet you since you were a child."

Sofie was freaking out inside but tried to remain calm and listen what the woman had to say.

"I don't mean any harm, Sofie", Dana carefully tried to aproach the girl "I just want you to join me on my games, same as your mother did ... She enjoys it and I know you do aswell, because I have been observing you your whole life."

Those words were to much for Sofie, she couldn't bear the tension inside her and fled from Dana. She ran across the meadow as fast as she could in the direction of the village but she wasn't far away as she felt a pressure in her groin that grew quickly. It was her bladder filling with urine. Sofie got slower and slower until the urge to relieve herself made her unable to run. She didn't want to give Dana the satisfaction of seeing her pee, she didn't want to acknowledge the fact that maybe she gains pleasure by peeing as well and so she held it in. One hand pressed against her crotch while her thighs were squeezed together. Sofie didn't stop she kept on walking trying to get her naked body back into the village, still out of sight, even though the need was growing fast.

Bended over and now both hands between her legs she tried to move forward but Dana was following her and the closer she got the more Sofie struggled. At some point it was to much, and the young woman couldn't move anymore. She stood there in the middle of the meadow, sweating and desperate to empty her bladder. Her legs were crossed and Sofie was bouncing up and down trying to hold her pee in. She was dying for relief but she was scared of Dana, who was already behind her. The pale woman reached Sofie and embraced her from behind. She delicately began to touch Sofie's upper body. Dana's hands stroked her shoulders, moved down the back and then glided to the front over Sofie's tummy and breasts. She felt the girl's goosebumps on her trembling body. Sofie was gasping for air but she didn't want to let go of the pressure.

Dana got even closer to the girl and Sofie felt her cold body pressing against her back.

She calmy began to whisper into her ear: "Relax, Sofie."

"No", Sofie said with a dying voice.

Danas hands where slowly moving down Sofie's crotch as she felt her big bulge underneath her fingertips.

"Sofie, I can feel your need." Dana's voice in her ear made the girl's senses tingle.

"Please ...", Sofie whispered.

"Your bladder, Sofie, she's screaming."

Sofie groaned. The desire of letting go was strong but she was afraid to give Dana the satisfaction she wanted even though the softness of her embrace felt wonderful. She still tried to escape but Dana pulled Sofie back to her and continued to whisper close into her ear: "Please Sofie, don't leave me. Let me stay by your side until the end and touch you."

Dana looked over Sofie's shoulder and enjoyed watching how she pressed her hands against her crotch doing their best to hold back the liquids. The pale woman smiled as she noticed some drops of urine sliding down Sofie's thighs. She knew that it was about to happen and so she began to tease Sofie by sensually whispering into her ear: "psssssss"

Sofie gasped.

Dana's hands once again moved down Sofie's bladder until she reached the girl's hands and softly tried to move them away from between her legs.

"No, nonono ... No", Sofie whispered desperately.

"Psssssss ... aaaah, oh the relief, Sofie."

"Please, Dana ... Your hands ... argh!"

"Pssssssssssss"

In that moment it happened, exhausted and aroused by Dana's voice, Sofie couldn't fight the urge anymore. A new, powerful stream of the warmest and purest urine once again shot out of her with force.

"Aaaaaaah ... Lord!", Sofie moaned.

"Oh Sofie, my sweet Sofie, I've been waiting for this moment for so many years!", said Dana aroused while holding Sofie tight like a good friend.

"You like it, don't you?" she whispered once again.

In that moment Sofie got rid of her stubbornes and out of breath she nodded and then answered with a quick but passionate "yes".

Dana began to move her hands back down the girl's sweating body again and started to fill them with Sofie's urine over and over again in order to rub the girl in with it. She started from Sofie's genitals and moved her way up to the breasts and from there further up until the neck. Stroking finally, with a gentle touch with her wet finger, the girl's lips.

The warmth on her body calmed Sofie's soul and the excitement made her body shake.

Urine kept splashing onto the ground and Dana felt Sofie's puddle gliding underneath her feet.

"Pee ...", the girl whisperer extatic.

"Yes, Sofie you're peeing ... and I love you for that", gasped Dana passionate.

"Aaaaah my pee .. it feels so good!"

"I know, let everything out, don't waste it."

"So good ... Lord, it's sooo good!

Pee on me, Dana!"

"What?"

"I feel your need, Dana. I know you're desperate aswell."

"I've been holding it in the whole time, Sofie! I am bursting!"

"Wait untill I finish."

"No I can't! I desperately need it!

"Wait!"

"No."

Dana quickly moved in front of Sofie and dragged her down to the ground while she was still emptying her bladder. The moment Sofie layed her head down on the ground Dana sat down on the her stomach and began to cover Sofie once again with a thick layer of urine. The girl lifted her head as much as she could to watch Dana's pee shooting out of her vagina. The pale woman moaned with excitement and joy and savoured the greatest sensation somebody could ever experience.

"Let it all out, Dana."

"I will"

"Please, enjoy it!"

End of part two.

*002*2020-02-01 09:26

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that chapter it was fantasmic

}}

Haha thanks!

