Despairing and Wetting Stories Darjeeling

Author: GupFan

*000*2020-04-03 09:33

Darjeeling was known in "Saint Glorian academy" not only due to her mind and knowledge, but also possessed, as she believed, an unbreakable bladder. She considered this a unique ability. In addition, she often saw her friends retire to the bathroom, and she calmly drinking the seventh cup of tea continues to hold urine for at least all day. She trained this ability with her senpai Earl Gray. And as a result, she learned to resist desire for a very long time.

But long does not always mean. From time to time, even Darjeeling falls into despair. This did not happen so often. Usually this is due to situations when the standard schedule of the girl changed. In those cases, Darjeeling sometimes even leaked. But she always found the strength to keep urine in herself. But at a certain point in Darjeeling's life, a whole series of accidents began. After which she began to enjoy wetting. And perhaps the time has come to tell about the first case in her adult life.

The girl sat at a meeting of all the noble sisters of Gloriana(Best tank crew). Such a meeting takes place every Friday and must be attended by the commander of the school’s tank club. Assam talked about the results of intelligence in other schools and recent battles. This meeting could be ordinary, as always, and after it everyone could disperse into rooms. But this time it was not so. Darjeeling felt the pressure between her legs. And this time it was stronger than the previous ones. While Assam was explaining how they could defeat Oarai again, Dargeeling nodded approvingly, but fought in battle with her bladder. She cursed herself that she had drunk more tea today.

As a result, Darjeeling developed a small plan for her to leave earlier. And even if it leaks, then at least not here. But the hands on the watch went slowly. She gripped her hips tightly and then said

- Okay, I personally think that everything is clear. It's time to diverge.

- No. Need to finish the briefing. - Answered Assam.

After fifteen painful minutes, Darjeeling realized that even she had a limit. And she is steadily approaching it. In less than a minute, the first couple of drops of yellow urine fell into her panties. For a moment, a clear fright appeared in the girl's eyes. Darjeeling began to squeeze her hips as hard as she could, but that was not enough. She cursed all the tea she drank. But she also knew that only herself was to blame for what was happening.

Soon after another ten minutes passed and the girl leaked. The jerk lasted a few seconds. Then the blonde pressed her hands between her legs. By that time, Rosehip began to speak. In many ways, this meant that it was all ending. A pink-haired girl ran near the board and said something. But Darjeeling could not understand what. No matter how she tried to focus on something else, but thoughts about the restroom did not leave the girl's mind. She began to cross her legs and dance slightly with them under table, but this did not help.

Time passed very slowly. Every minute turned into agony and Darjeeling painfully tried to bear it. It became almost impossible to restrain oneself and short streams flowed from the girl. One was powerful enough to push beyond the already not white panties and lightly wet the pillow on the chair. Never before in training or elsewhere was Darjeeling so desperate. But everything was still to come. At some point, her sphincters weakened and she released a stream. Only using all her willpower she could hold this and somehow she succeeded.

- Well, now it’s time to end our meeting. Till tomorrow. - said Assam and left.

For Darjeeling, these words were salvation. Finally, it ended and lo and behold, she still holds on. Soon, all the girls left the room, and Darjeeling said she wanted to study the plans herself. But in fact, it’s clear that she simply hadnt the opportunity to get up without starting to urinate. Well...When everyone left, she made a couple of attempts, but they ended in failure and small releases of fluid. She squeezed wet fingers and used one like a cork. But that did not help. Then the girl decided that she did not have a chance and releasing her hands she let go. Of course, she lifted her skirt and jumped off the chair so as not to wet the chair too.

A cry of relief burst from her and soon the stream, amplifying at full capacity, began to create a huge puddle. And so it ended. Tears flowed down the girl’s eyes. And the droplets continued to flow down the legs. Barely on her feet, the girl nearly collapsed into a puddle of her urine. But Darjeeling quickly figured out what to do. After a few moments everything was cleaned and she went to her room. Locked at her room, the girl went to the bathroom, where she began to masturbate, but in the depths of herself she was still worried. She wondered if she had at least the smallest chance of holding on and what would have happened if the others had seen her urinate.

In fact, the girl did not suspect that this was only the beginning of that streak of failure and that this incident was far from the last.

