Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - FighterZ Story; C21's Urgent Piss

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2018-02-05 06:52

After the Awakening & Activation of Android 21, another of Dr. Gero's creations, has come up with a plan to chow down on Strong Fighters to increase her powers & satisfy her hunger but before going into plan she had to care of an urgent business first...

Android 21: Wow can't believe waking up in 10 years has build up this big bladder, eh no matter I think I can still hold it--- Nope it's urgent alright.

(C21's Evil Half Mind): Oh your a strong android don't let your bladder slow you down we have important business to take care of than this...

Android 21: But I can't move how can I attempt to work if I am in this situation?

(C21's Evil Half Mind): Ah please just don't think about it at all it's that simple.

Android 21: If you think it's that easy then why won't you take control huh!?

(C21's Evil Half Mind): Fine then I will...

[Switches to her True Form]

Majin Evil C21: Ah see calm as a---What the!? *grabs her bladder in pain*

(C21's Good Half Mind): Told yea!

Majin Evil C21: No matter I know how to take care of this *puts her hand in her pants & plays with herself*

Majin Evil C21: Oh yes now this is the right way to pee I'm already getting wet but my urine hasn't squirted out yet, *continues to moan in excitement*

(C21's Good Half Mind): How improper!

Majin Evil C21: Ah shut it, you love it. Mmm, hmm, ah, ah, I'm about--- I'm about to pee, yes, more, more. *Insanely Screams in Excitement* *Pee Splashs & Hisses throughout her white pants*

Majin Evil C21: *Continues to Play with herself while her Pee still hisses out* Oh my god this feels great, so moist, so wet, such orga---

(C21's Good Half Mind): Don't you dare finish that sentence!

Majin Evil C21: I was gonna say "Organism" *giggles* *still wetting herself by her drench urine*

(C21's Good Half Mind): Yeah right

[C21's peeing sensation has been emptied]

Majin Evil C21: Now I'll let both our minds take over...

(Majin) Android 21: Oh crap what a mess I made well first I'll get everything cleaned then head off to New Namek.

(Majin) Android 21: But before heading to New Namek I must activate Android 16 Model 2.0 & install his old memories.

(Majin) Android 21: Then everything will be according to plan.

[This sets at the very beginning of the Android 21 Perspective Arc]

