Lapis and Peridot: House Sitting

Author: gdubs

*000*2021-11-13 11:38

When Steven mentioned that he was “going on vacation” with the Crystal Gems, Connie, and his dad, Lapis and Peridot were eager to do anything they could to help. Eventually he said that they could do some “house-sitting,” whatever that meant, while he was gone. They weren’t sure at first, but when he explained that they could live where he lived and “make themselves at home” they were overjoyed. They had never lived in a real house before and wanted to try out everything Steven did while he was at home. They slept in a bed, played video games, relaxed on the beach, swept the floors, and tried to make food in the kitchen. When they couldn’t figure out how to cook anything, they looked in the fridge and found it full of soda cans. Once they tried the soda, they found it quite pleasing to drink, and they each made a point of having at least one can a day.

This came with an unexpected consequence: the need to urinate. Since they didn’t need water to survive like humans did, they each only drank enough to warrant one trip to the bathroom per day. Like with most things, Peridot was very regular; she would always enter and exit the bathroom at the same time every day, down to the minute. Lapis simply went whenever the urge to go hit her.

It was a few days into the stay when Lapis felt one of those urges. The clock on the microwave read 5:47 as she walked casually into the bathroom under the stairs. Just as she was about to pull down her knee-length skirt and sit down on the toilet, a thought struck her. Wait, isn’t this around the time Peridot usually goes to the bathroom too? She had an idea.

Instead of emptying her bladder right away, she turned on the faucets and took off her skirt and top. I’ll only make her wait a little bit, just to see how she reacts, and to see the look on her face. I don’t want her to pee herself in Steven’s house or anything. She stepped into the bathtub and sat down. I’ll just relax in here for a little while, and then after she hears that I’m done I’ll pee. That’ll really make her squirm. The rush of water into the bathtub reminded Lapis of her own need to go, but it wasn’t anything urgent.

As the water level rose around her, Lapis realized just how relaxing taking a bath could be. It wasn’t anything like Earth’s oceans, which were cold and constantly moving. This water was warm, it was still, and there was no scent of salt in the air. She slumped further back until her head was completely submerged, and instantly she didn’t want to come back up. The water was like a warm weighted blanket all around her, telling her that she could just relax all by herself. Man, this is nice. I’m all alone…no one can hurt me…no one can see me…and I…can’t…hear…

Oh shit, Peridot! She was pulled back to her senses by a dull thumping sound, and she jolted upright as soon as she figured out what it was. She hopped out of the tub and frantically began putting her clothes back on, not even bothering to dry herself off. Oh god how long was I in there? She must be about to explode out there! This isn’t what I meant to happen!

###

To say that Peridot was uncomfortable was an understatement. She stood, or rather, danced in front of the bathroom door with one hand clutching the area between her legs. She was hopping from one foot to the other, and her hips wiggled back and forth with each move. She was clearly not trying to hide how desperate she was. I-It’s 7:43. I’ve been holding it in for 103 minutes past my scheduled trip to the bathroom! My knocks are surely of adequate volume, Lapis will answer me soon, r-right? I don’t know what the hold-up is, but my bladder is about to experience catastrophic failure! This is an emergency! I’m about to burst!

Without any warning, a couple of loud sloshes of water came from inside the bathroom, not what Peridot needed to hear right now. When Lapis finally, finally opened the door, she was still sopping wet and letting water drip all over the floor, not what Peridot needed to see right now either. Even then, Peridot barely acknowledged her. “Out…o-out of the way, Lapis!” she peeped before scampering past the blue gem and slamming the door shut.

The next task was taking off her one-piece jumpsuit. Peridot’s arm trembled as she tried to get it through the shoulder straps. It had never been this hard to get undressed before, but then, Peridot had never had to pee this badly before either. Indeed, she still had one hand wedged into her crotch and was rapidly crossing and uncrossing her legs. Her hips now bounced uncontrollably back and forth, clearly more agitated by the sight of the toilet right in front of her. All this jiggling and dancing made it that much harder for Peridot to get her arms out, and added that much more time before the ocean she was holding back would be released. After two or three tries she finally got the first shoulder strap off. She then had to switch the hand holding her bladder, and tried not to think about the dampness she thought she felt.

She got the other strap off, but now came the really hard part. She had to use both hands to pull the jumpsuit over her breasts and down to her waist. Now she started squirming even more, bending forward and backward at the waist. With her feet planted firmly next to one another and her thighs pressed together as tight as she could manage, she stretched her leggings over her butt and down to her knees. But squeezing her legs could only do so much, and she felt a couple of warm dribbles in between her legs; this only made her more frantic.

Now she was naked from the thighs up; there was nothing to stop her from leaking even more. All that was left was to get her feet out so she could make her way over to the toilet, but that was easier said than done. As soon as she had gotten her jumpsuit down to her knees her hand shot back between her thighs. But she was greeted by more warmth and more pee escaping her. Her lips had remained sealed during this ordeal but she had been breathing rapidly through her nose the whole time. Now, as she tried desperately to stop the coming flood with her hand, she let out a series of short moans, almost whimpers. No matter how hard she squeezed or squirmed, more and more came coursing through her fingers, down her thighs and into her half-removed jumpsuit.

Eventually it became clear that her floodgates were open and there was no stopping. She removed her hand and her whole body went completely still, and the warm stream grew in strength. Her thighs still together, the pee flowed down and between her legs and onto her feet. As she relaxed, the stream grew stronger. She moved her legs apart slightly, and the pee was directed onto the floor, making a splattering sound as it hit the tile.

Peridot stood there dazed. This had never happened to her before, and the extreme desperation followed by intense relief gave her a sense of calm and peace she didn’t know was possible; she shivered and her breathing went from a rapid panting to slow and deep, even as the last couple drops left her. Her jumpsuit hung at her knees, part of it soaking in the puddle that she stood in. She was reminded of this when she took a step, and the sock-like feet of her outfit squelched and absorbed more pee. She sat down on the toilet, now useless for its intended purpose, and caught her breath. She peeled off her leggings and let her outfit fall into a wet pile on the floor. Though she couldn’t deny the physical bliss she had just experienced, she was still greatly annoyed by everything that had just happened. She glared at the puddle and the wet footprints she had created. This is going to require some serious cleanup.

###

Lapis had heard everything. She hadn’t intended to listen in, but the frantic whimpers and the distinct hissing of liquid against tile told her that the contents of Peridot’s bladder had ended up somewhere other than the toilet. Oh god this isn’t what I wanted, I didn’t mean to do that! She walked over and slumped down on the couch. A minute ago she had never been more relaxed, but now the guilt for what she had done made her whole body feel heavy. I just wanted to have a little fun, but no matter what I do I end up hurting people! She thought about the last time she had had fun hurting someone, as Malachite. Maybe I really am a monster.

The sound of the shower running, and the distinct lack of the toilet flushing, dispelled any doubts about Peridot’s accident. A bit later she emerged from the bathroom wrapped in a towel. As Peridot walked past her Lapis thought, See, she probably hates me! I was so cold to her when I first moved in, and now she just peed herself and it’s all my fault! But the look in Peridot’s eyes wasn’t exactly angry, more...focused, determined perhaps. Peridot’s matter-of-fact voice cut through her thoughts, “Lapis, I’m going to do a deep-clean of the bathroom. Its cleanliness has become…substandard.” Lapis didn’t reply. “Is that okay with you?”

In reality, this was less than okay. Between the time she spent the bath and the time since Peridot’s accident, Lapis had already been holding her pee two hours longer than she intended. The sounds of the shower hadn’t exactly helped ease her nerves either. “Yeah it’s okay,” she said, not making eye contact. She probably doesn’t want my help. I can wait for her, it’s the least I can do. At least the bathroom wasn’t too big, cleaning it wouldn’t take that long, right?

###

It had been at least three hours since Peridot had sealed off the bathroom for cleaning. It’s fine. I can wait, Lapis kept telling herself. She had been sitting on the floor in front of Steven’s bed watching TV trying to pass the time, and to not think about pee, hers or anyone else’s. Fortunately, sitting made holding it easier. She could cross her legs comfortably, and not moving around at all meant that her bladder wouldn’t burst due to an unexpected jolt.

Is she really still cleaning? It’s like 11:00. Lapis had thought about asking if Peridot was almost done, but she didn’t want to bother her. Peridot had actually left the bathroom a few times over the course of the cleaning, probably to get more supplies from who knows where; Lapis probably could have gone during the time Peridot was out, but she didn’t want to risk interrupting her. She’s probably just embarrassed. I’ll just wait until I’m sure she’s done.

She looked back at the clock. Oh man, I already had to pee at like 6:00, and I still haven’t gotten to go. Lapis’ hand migrated under the waistband of her skirt and rested on the bare skin between her legs. This only made her more aware of how desperate she really was. The more she thought the more her bladder ached, as if it was being stretched beyond its limits. She then felt another pang of guilt. This must be how Peridot felt. This is probably her way of getting back at me, making me hold it now, guess I deserve it.

As if on cue, the bathroom door finally, finally opened and Peridot emerged for the final time. “Okay! The bathroom is done!” she announced. Lapis was a little startled and didn’t know what to say, so she said nothing. Peridot walked up the stairs, stopped next to Lapis, and repeated, “Okay! The bathroom is done!” in the exact same tone of voice. As Peridot got near her, Lapis quickly moved her hand out from her crotch and back to her side; she still didn’t want to be seen desperate to pee. As she did this however, the urge to pee suddenly got much stronger, like she was about to burst. She squeezed her legs together under her skirt and started moving her foot restlessly. Peridot didn’t seem to notice any of this. Lapis was still beating herself up about the trouble she caused, and felt small as Peridot stood next to her. “Oh, okay,” she said shyly.

Lapis waited until Peridot wasn’t looking to get up and begin her trek to the bathroom. As she stood up, she instantly felt more pain coming from her abdomen and froze in place. Oh…this might be harder than I thought. She took small steps, keeping her bare thighs pressed together, and trying to shift her weight as little as possible. Every step felt like a balancing act, like any sudden move could cause her to let it all out. She didn’t dare hold herself, not when Peridot might see her. She thought she felt herself leak a few times during the agonizingly slow walk, but she convinced herself to ignore it. After what felt like an eternity Lapis reached the bathroom, which looked exactly as clean as it had earlier that day, and gently closed the door.

###

Instantly Lapis’ demeanor completely changed. She let out a huge sigh, leaned against the door, and slid her hand back under her skirt and squeezed between her thighs. As she rested her butt against the door she leaned forward and crossed her legs tightly, with one foot up in the air bouncing up and down. It was a good thing she hadn’t been holding herself earlier, otherwise she may have had a conspicuous dark patch on the front of her dress.

All she had to do was slip out of her skirt and sit down on the toilet. God, this must’ve been torture for Peridot, her outfit must be a nightmare to get off when you really have to pee. With her free hand, Lapis slid her skirt down over her hips and onto her feet. She uncrossed her legs and kicked the skirt out in front of her. Clenching her teeth, she could barely focus on making it to the toilet. She jammed her other hand into her crotch, and she could feel another leak or two slip between her fingers. But that didn’t matter, now she could just rush over there and let loose. Her bare thighs slid past one another as she took one step, two…

She never made it. As she dashed towards relief, Lapis didn’t notice her skirt on the floor right in her path. Her foot caught it at just the wrong angle and it caused her to slip, throwing her completely off balance. She instinctively put her hands out to break her fall, but she still landed hard on her butt, only a few feet away from being able to let everything out into the toilet. With her legs spread in front of her, the impact of the fall, and her hands no longer clamped down on her bladder, there was nothing to hold back the tide. A small spurt appeared between her legs, and then everything came out in full force.

When she realized what was happening Lapis gave up; she was peeing on the floor and there was nothing she could do about it. She relaxed her entire body as she let out the torrent of pee she was holding in. It hit the floor in front of her and pooled around where she was sitting. With the hiss of the stream hitting the bathroom floor at point-blank range, the immediate feeling of emptiness in her abdomen, and the warmth of the liquid all over her legs and butt, Lapis actually felt herself enjoying this situation quite a bit, in spite of the knowledge that she was peeing all over herself. For a moment, she forgot all about her gloominess and about Peridot; she was back in the warm bath and didn’t have to think about anyone or anything. She let out a deep breath she didn’t know she was holding, and a shiver ran through her entire body.

After the stream slowed to a trickle, Lapis sat there motionless, taking in the warmth of the puddle she was sitting in, and everything else that had just happened. She had never felt relief quite as satisfying as this in her life, but she also felt humbled and ashamed. This was probably exactly what had happened to Peridot, and now Lapis had brought it on herself too. “Hah...hahaha...” she started to laugh at herself. Yep! This is it, this is what I get! You got me back, Peridot! We’re even! She still didn’t get up from the puddle of pee and sighed again, What am I doing?

Still smiling at herself she finally stood up and started to clean up the mess she had made. It was a good thing Peridot had left behind some cleaning product on the counter, and a good thing she was a gem with water powers. She turned on the shower and quickly brought over a surge of soap and water to wash the floor, before swirling it around and directing it all back into the shower and down the drain. Time for another shower, maybe a shorter one this time.

###

The next time Lapis saw Peridot was the next morning, after Lapis had gotten some sleep and cooled her head. Lapis stood in the kitchen and aimlessly opened the fridge. She looked the remaining soda cans in the fridge, there were plenty left. They could keep on drinking them, but they had lost their appeal. Avoiding flooding the floor was more important than some dumb tradition she had with Peridot.

Apparently Peridot agreed; she walked up to Lapis’ side and said, “You know, this ‘soda’ has lost its appeal. The aluminum cans may have some utility but the liquid inside is actually completely useless.” Peridot lowered her voice slightly, “You probably don’t know this, but ingesting this substance can have some...unintended side effects.”

Okay you can drop the act, Lapis thought. You don’t have to pretend you don’t know. “Peridot,” she said out loud, “I’m sorry.” I peed myself too, I learned my—

“For what?”

Oh come on, now you’re just—wait, does she really not know? About anything? About me making her wait, or when I…there’s no way. The look Peridot gave was genuine. The sparkle in her eyes was back, or maybe it had never left. Peridot had never been mad at her, and she certainly hadn’t planned for Lapis to have an accident of her own, if she even knew about that at all. Lapis stayed silent for a second and then fumbled for a response, “For uh...not...realizing that sooner! I mean come on, I really thought that this stuff was good for you?! And you believed me?!”

They both laughed. Lapis had been getting used to hearing Peridot laugh at the dumbest things, and it was certainly a welcome sound right now. Neither one of them touched the soda cans again, and the bathroom sat unused, and perfectly clean, for the rest of their stay.

