The Heartwarming Flood - Part 1: Theory of a Wet Boy

Author: Guest AromaticPee

*000*2022-05-16 19:09

Warning: This story is pretty graphic. If you didn't read the tags, well, let me clarify: Theory of a Wet Boy contains plenty of sexual content, especially fetishes. I'm also pretty sure it's not for those less than 18 years of age. If you're offended by one or more parts of this, I suggest clicking off the story. Anyway, let's get on with it, because it's not gonna read itself!

Characters: Tracy, George

Act 1: Locked In

Narrative: "One day, after school, a young girl named Tracy and her shy male friend George walked the halls aimlessly. They were locked inside with no one else in the building. She was quite horny and wanted to toy with George for as long as possible."

Tracy: "Wow... this place is huge! Not gonna lie, I'm kinda glad we're all alone here. I mean, who better to walk with than you, George?"

George: "Heh heh. Yeah, I guess it's relaxing for me after all I've gone through before we first met here." (He sticks his hand under his pants, trying feebly to hide the fact that he seriously needed to go to the bathroom.)

T: (She notices George's actions.) "George, why are you touching yourself? Is this turning you on? Do you want me to rub your wee-wee and make you feel better?" (She turns and notes the camera on ceiling.) "Well, it's gonna hafta wait until we get somewhere more... ideal. "

G: (He blushes at Tracy's brash speech.) "Uhhh, what are you saying, Tracy? I'm n-not aroused b-b-b-by any means! I just-"

T: " *sigh* Look, I know you're touching yourself, George. You should seriously stop it unless we're to get in trouble for jizzing in our pants."

N: "George was shocked. How did his best friend know of his mortifying plight? How could she say such things? Was she all right in the head? Why did she assume the security cams were on at this time of day, with no one to monitor them? And for the love of God, since when did she become so nosy?! She always respected his privacy!"

G: "T-t-t-t-that's not what's happening at all! I just have to pee really bad!"

T: "OMG... you don't know the difference between pee and cum?"

Both: "What?!"

G: "Tracy, w-w-what are you talking about?! What do you think I'm touching myself for?!"

T: "*sigh* *to herself* Some things never change... *to George* Listen to me. When I first became sensually aroused, it was weird and scary for me, too. The thing is, you need to realize when it happens and resist the urge to grope the nearest member of the opposite sex. Sensual arousement can happen to anyone. *deep breath* I'll let you in on a little secret, George. I still get aroused from time to time, and I always know where to alleviate the feeling."

G: "I already told you, I'm not aroused!"

T: "Oh, is that so, George? Then I'll have to ask you a question. Please answer it calmly so I can affirm the feels you have at the moment."

G: "*deep breathing* Okay. What's the question?"

T: "...Are you trying to hide a bulge down there?"

G: (He shakes his head.)

T: "Is your penis hard and extending like a lightsaber?"

G: (Again, he shakes his head.) "No... mmmmmmfffffmmmmm!" (He jumps up and down in desperation.)

T: " Ohhhhh. I see now. You were telling the truth. Well, now that you say that, I kinda hafta pee, too... but not so bad I'd hop like a bunny to convey it." (She considers her options: "If I make him pee here, he'll just cry like a big baby over it. And the school's doors are locked up tight, so I can't access the school's plants and trees. Welp, I guess there's only one way to make him open his floodgates and not cry...") "I honestly don't know where the nearest bathroom is, but I'll try to navigate us there as fast as possible. So come on, George! Pretend that you're a rabbit and hop-follow me!"

G: "O-o-o-o-o-okay, T-tracy. Lead the way! And hurry!"

T: "Oh! I almost forgot about something!"

G: "W-w-w-what might that b-b-b-be?"

T: "It's a homemade treatment for men's desperation! This is guaranteed to work, no matter what! Just one thing, though: what do you want to feast your eyes on? Upstairs where a pervert's eyes dart to? Or downstairs where the holes are?"

G: "Uh... I... don't really care..."

T: " Okay. I'll take off my downstairs clothing... and yours, too. Is that okay?"

G: "No... just take off y-y-your pants."

T: (She takes off her socks and shoes and opens her backpack to put clothes in it. She begins unbuttoning her shorts and unzipping her fly.) "Heeeeeere goes! I hope you like whatcha see! " (And just like magic, her shorts fall down to reveal a naked vulva with sparse pubic hair.)

G: (He now has an erection.) "SHEEEEEEEEESH, Tracy! That's hot!"

T: (She laughs in an embarrassed yet playful manner upon seeing George's bulge. Her now-exposed vulva is seeping with love syrup.) "I knew you'd get hard seeing my peach fuzz! And now you should feel less desperate, right?!"

G: "Mm hmm."

T: "Great!" (She turns around, then puts her shorts, socks, and shoes into her backpack, bending over so George can see more of her butt.)

G: "Whoa! You sure this is what you had in mind?"

T: "Yup! Now come on, before you get flaccid and desperate again!"

Act 2: Out of Order, Into Chaos

N: "The two made a mad dash down the hall. After a few moments, they finally arrived at the bathrooms."

G: "*to himself* Okay... calm down, George. This is it."

T: "And here we are! The public restrooms! *sniffs the scent of pee* This smells ironically amazing!"

G: "Tracy! This is not the time for gross observations! The men's room is dirtier than my room at home! So, can we please use the ladies' room and try not to stink up the place?"

T: "Hmmmm... let me check the door to the ladies' room..." (She looks at the door. "Out of order, huh? I wonder how George would react to this... ") "George, I don't know how to say it, but the ladies' room is... well... put bluntly, it's out of order."

G: "We can't use the girls' room?! What are they doing in there?!"

T: " I dunno. There's no one else here, so maybe they saved it for tomorrow."

G: "So?! Let me see!" (He charges into the door, only to bruise his shoulder and lose his erection.) "It's locked!"

T: "(She notices that George's penis went limp.) Oh. No. *to herself* You've got to be... fingering me in the bum... Anyway... *to George* Let's just go to the men's room, okay? I don't mind the smell there. And I could see your wee-wee if you got your pants off!"

G: "Uhhhhhhhhh.......uhhhhhh!" (He's doubled over right now.)

T: "OH MY GOSH! Just try to hold it in a bit longer, okay?! The urinals are just through this door!" (She notices... a padlock, right then and there!) "*Gasp* This one's locked too! Hang on, George! I've got a lockpick!"

*lock-picking noises*

N: "After two minutes of trial and error, Tracy picked the lock. The door squeaked open. And George could finally relieve his pulsating bladder!"

T: "George! Get up! We're almost there!" (She starts squirming as well.) "GRAB MY HAND, GEORGE!" (She pulls George up, not noticing the leak on his pants.)

G: "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!" (He leaks a bit more. He shuffles his feet, inch by inch, and leaks more, drop by drop. Eventually, his urine formed a trail marking his path.) "I... can't hold it in! Uhhhhhh! Uwaaaaa!"

T: (She smiles and starts dancing the Macarena with her legs crossed in a humorous attempt to hold in her urine.) "Speak for yourself, pretty boy! I'm just starting to make my own little puddle of pee after thinking about the weather near my house! It's pouring freezing rain and hail! Uhhh! With high windchills and wind speeds up to 69 MPH, it must feel like 253.15 Kelvin! Agh! And there's thunderstorms raging across the city!"

G: "I don't care about what's going on outside OR your scientific descriptions! ALL. I. WANT. IS. TO. PEEEEEE!"

T: "Well calm down there, you worrywuss of a buddy! 'Cuz there's one thing that's not going to happen..." (She stops dancing the Macarena and uncrosses her legs.) "I'm not going to pee in the urinals..."

G: "...You're not...?"

T: (She gets her shorts and socks back from her backpack onto her butt and feet, then buttons up her shorts and zips her fly.) "Because I'm too lazy to do so."

G: "...You're just gonna give up?! ... No. I won't stand for this. We're at the goal!" (He pulls down his pants, revealing his boxers briefs.)

T: (She closes her eyes.) "That's not what I meant, George..."

G: "I'm going to pee in the urinals, whether you like it or not!" (He pulls down his boxer briefs. Beneath them, his slightly-smaller-than-average penis shows on top of two freshly shaved testicles.)

T: (She looks down, opens her eyes, and notices George's pants are off.) "Wait a minute... did you just strip down?!" (She moves in a bit closer to George's exposed penis.) " Awwwww! That's an immaculately cute wee-wee you got there, George! And look at that nutsack! It's so small, nearly devoid of semen!" (She removes her shirt, and two breasts emerge, each tattooed with a sun a la this

.) "Well, time to break the seals on these two sinners! " (she pulls off George's pants and boxer briefs, gets them with her shirt, and puts the combined load of laundry on a pile between her legs.) " *sing-song voice* Heeeeeere it coooooooomes!"

And then...

...

T: (She turns George to face towards her and playfully pushes him down.)

G: "UWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!! Ow..."

*pssssssssssshhhhhhhhhh* The duo's bladders empty. George's stream is slow and lands on himself, and Tracy embraced the warmth of hers as she hyper-wets her shorts above the other clothes.

Both: "Haaaaaaa... sweet relief is ours this day... "

T: (She moves herself to position George's groin between her legs after satisfied with the state of their drenched clothes. Now the two are peeing on each other's crotch!) "Sorry for pushing you, George. Are you okay?"

G: "I couldn't be feeling better right now... Thanks, Tracy... "

T: "Hee hee hee hee hee! It is none other than my pleasure to help you out, George. You're such a cute lil' devil... especially when peeing!"

Both: (They laugh heartily as their pee streams alternatively collide and hit the other's genitalia.)

G: "Haaaaaaaaaaaa... haaaaaaa... haaaaaa... haaaa. "

T: "Oh my! I'm getting incredibly turned on by this! ... Hey, since we're in the bathroom, where the cameras can't catch us in the act, why don't we just go ahead and have sex?! I mean, we're not done peeing and all, but..." (She pulls down her pants, exposing her vulva and freeing her pee stream while at the same time stopping George's stream from getting past said pants. Then, she gets one pant leg off and puts her pants to the side, which exposes both her and George's genitalia to the other's pee stream!)

G: "Ohhh... "

T: "What a wholesome way for a kitty like mine to greet a chicken like yours!"

Gradual black out as they laugh heartily.

N: "Then, they laughed... and they [redacted] all night... for this night was the start of their new lives, which they both lived... uh... happily ever after. ... Sorry for the clichéd ending. I just wanted to say all that in front of an audience."

*cue laughter and applause.*

*002*2022-05-17 13:35

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

It's a great first chapter! I think it's interesting that you wrote it in play style with a narrator and audience. I prefer traditional style of writing, but I still enjoyed this and it did make it easier to determine who is speaking. I'm not a fan of the emojis though, it makes it seem like they are texts.

}}

Okay, I'll try to drop them.

