Girls und Panzer story

Author: GupFan

*000*2020-03-21 20:35

This story contain scat

I know what you say. My work again and I again trying to write fan fiction on Gup (Girls und panzer). But I paid attention to English and found the best translator.

Ok. I read one fanfiction on gup in this style and decided to take it as a basis.

Katyusha, as always asked Nonna to sleep near, of course, she could not refuse. Both girls lay down and covered themselves with a blanket. Katyusha went to the bathroom and then could not calm down. And only when Nonna began to sing a lullaby Katyusha began to slowly fall asleep. “Spi mladyenets, moi prekrasny. Bayushki bayu…” As she sang, Katyusha nestled into her chest, and they held each other close as they faded to sleep. The last thought on Nonna’s mind was that she forget to use the bathroom herself before bed, too busy with Katyusha to remember to do it…

This happened at "04.10". Eyes bolting wide open, Katyusha still in her arms, Nonna’s body gave her a good reminder of that need to use the bathroom. Nonna felt that this was serious, but she did not want to bother Katyusha. A look at the clock revealed it was very early in the morning, even for herself, and one of her arms was pinned under Katyusha, who she definitely didn’t want to wake up for something this minor. Thinking, Nonna realized that she could wake Katyusha if she went to the toilet, so she began to endure.

The clock read "04:18", almost three hours before Katyusha’s usual wake-up time, meaning Nonna had some time to wait. She didn’t have much to entertain herself in such a position, so her main focus rested on holding. After what felt like at least half an hour, Nonna noticed the need getting much, much worse. She looked at the clock hanging on the wall. Time turned to "04.36" and she exhaled. Nonna believed that she had every chance to hold it until the morning. But her urine...This is not all. Her ass was in a similar situation. Her poop just awaiting the moment to erupt of out her. It was starting to hurt now, but Nonna endured it as well as she could, hoping she could last at least another hour or so until it was a better time to wake Katyusha up.

Nonna put all her concentration to hold it. When another 10 minutes passed, the water ball inside Nonna was at the limit. She pee a little in her panty. These drops so frightened Nonna and she was no longer able to hug Katyusha. She urgently needed to squeeze her crotch. Alas, her anus also required retention and the pain there was already unbearable. Suddenly a short jerk came out in Nonna's panties. And only strong pressure on the crotch allowed girl to hold her urine. Steadying her breathing, Nonna put almost all her concentration on keeping it all in, taking a moment to glance at the clock once more, which just turned to "4.57". Nonna could no longer hold it.

A loud, wet fart signaled the beginning of the end, as semi-solid waste filled Nonna’s panties, making a disgusting squelching noise as more and more just kept plopping into it. She could feel the more liquid side of it slide down her lower side to join the torrent of piss pouring out of her. While she soiled and wet both herself and the bed, it was pretty surprising to her that Katyusha hadn’t woken up yet, the small girl still sleeping quietly, even drooling a little, which Nonna did her best to wipe up in the midst of her incident.

With her mess clinging to her butt, Nonna’s stream finally trickled down to nothing, and another look at the clock revealed only another few minutes had passed, when Nonna still had to wait a fair while longer, doomed to lay in her shame, holding Katyusha tight while regretting not using the bathroom, until her little commander decided to wake up or the alarm went off.

The next morning, Katyusha immediately realized what had happened. And of course she decided to mock above Nonna.

- Nonna, have you really done it like a little girl !? And you called me a child!

- Katyusha, I'm very sorry. I didn’t decide to wake you up and just waited for you to wake up.

- You did the right thing! Nothing should interfere with my sleep. Now go take a shower and get dressed, and then make me breakfast.

Nonna went to the bathroom. She was extremely ashamed to clean her clothes, and then take a bath. Tears rolled into her eyes. She cried softly. When Nonna returned, Katyusha had already removed the blanket and Nonna's gaze was fixed on a huge stain on the sheets. Suddenly Katyusha exclaimed.

- Nonna. Where my breakfast?

Nonna nodded and started making breakfast, and at that moment Katyusha said again.

- Frankly, when I heard your heavy breathing, I realized that you were not sleeping. Pretty quickly, I realized what you want in the toilet. And yes, I heard and even felt how you could not stand it. I will not tell anyone. If you do something for me.

Nonna was very surprised. I wonder what Katya will do. Will she begin to mock the most faithful friend?

If you want to continue, then I am waiting for comments. I want to repeat again that my English is bad from the ideal. And if anyone is interested in my homeland, then I will say. I'm from Russi

*002*2020-03-30 14:48

{{On 3/23/2020 at 11:53 PM, DsGSilver said:

Your translator actually worked pretty well, especially if it's going from Russian to English.

Good story! Katyusha and Nonna were two of the best parts of Girls Und Panzer, for sure.

}}

Thank you. I want to know who and in what situation would you like to see characters from Girls und Panzer. There are so many interesting characters. Maybe Darjeeling. She always drinks so much tea. Surely this reflects badly on her bladder.

*003*2020-04-05 13:47

{{23 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

Hmm. I always really like Erwin. I'd like to see her wind up having an accident in her team's tank.

}}

Okay I wrote something about her.

Girls und panzer story 2

