Candaces’s mistake

Author: Guest Uwu3423

*000*2020-06-30 07:19

Candace woke up to another day of Phineas and Ferb building something.Mom had already left.And Candace sat there on her bed noticing she needed to pee, but she didn’t care. She went over to her bathroom, and started doing her makeup. An hour later she was done, “ughhh!!! Why does makeup take so long” Candace yelled throwing the brush at the floor. Which then hi her in the bladder and she went from 3/10 to 4.5/10. And she then realized it was time to play a game.... how much can I hold.... She smirked and started drinking water. She got a call from Stacy and She said “Aren’t you visiting Jeremy today?~” And Candace said “yes that’s why I’m getting all dolled up!” Then Stacy said “ just reminding you!” And left the call.

An hour later she was ready to go to his house.Candace left noting her brothers building a roller coaster. Candace Drove to Jeremy’s house, then her bladder spiked! 6.5/10 she whimpered as she drove up.She got in his house, and they talked for a while.Then Jeremy kissed her, her brain which was shocked let go of all muscles. She leaked, but got it under control. 8.5/10 she had to leave at 4:00 and it was 3:55. She drove home slowly, then she saw that Phineas and Ferb were still working on the roller coaster. She immediately drove to the store where her mom was. And she got to an astounding 9,5/10 and squirmed in and yelled “MOM MOM MOM!!! PHINEAS AND FERB ARE-“ And then she stopped in the crowded supermarket and started spurting. In front of her mom and everyone. She Moaned and looked down. And saw the biggest stomach bulge ever! She fell to her knee’s and just gave up. Maybe being a snitch isn’t that good after all....

