Teacher Please - Page 3

Author: Guest cherry65

*053*2019-04-28 01:51

Page 13

Scarlett pulled out a skirt from her bag and began to undo her pants. Mr Bradley looked toward the front of the bus before his eyes darted quickly back to the girl unchanging infront of him “Scarlett!” He whispered rashly. She unpeeled her wet jeans onto the floor and stood to pull up her skirt. Mr Bradley quickly turning away to avoid being caught but still sees her slip off her thong from the corner of his eye. Practically twitching in his seat at the thought of her wet pussy so closely exposed... soon they finally came to a rest stop where he darted off the get changed. Scarlett stood outside alone. She smirked seeing him vanish into the washroom, but then caught a glance of Grace. 

“You okay?” She asked softly. Scarlett nodded and blushed “did everyone see?” Scarlett asked quietly. Grace shook her head “no I think just Mr Bradley saw.. that must have been embarrassing..” saying this made Grace blush. Scarlett shook her head “honestly i’m not embarrassed in front of him.” She stopped herself before saying too much. “I won’t tell anyone.” Grace smiled. Scarlett froze “about what..?”. Grace blushed again “You’re... accident.” . “Oh right.. thank you.” Scarlett giggled.

Mr Bradley emerging from the gas station washroom can see Grace and Scarlett standing outside the bus. Scarlett with her back to the window reached out to hug Grace, accompanied by the slight breeze the motion would reveal her perky bare ass cheeks. Mr Bradley bites his lip quickly at the sight and heads for the door. He couldn’t wait to have her to himself at the hotel, if they could manage to get some time alone. He approaches the girls awkwardly “Scarlett-“ he couldn’t help but stutter “I think you’re violating the dress code..” he spoke quietly, her skirt still hiked up her thigh. “Right.” She picked up her bag and headed inside to change.

When they finally arrive at the hotel Mr Bradley sets down his bags and flops onto the bed. He rubs his eyes and brushed back his dark brown hair. He never travel much and it had tired him out, so much so that he could fall asleep right there. He rests and stares at the ceiling for a moment before squirming slightly and readjusting himself. He felt the dry padding still secured into place from the bus ride. Mr Bradley lets out a yawn and stretched out his arms out on the bed. His strong arms flexing as he did so. He felt another twinge from his bladder and he glances over to the bathroom but did not move from where he laid.

His eyes barely open blinking towards the bathroom light. He grabs his crotch and feels the diaper which makes him pause to think. If he was already diapered no sense in wasting it... besides he was so exhausted he wouldn’t have to get up this way.. he let out a breath and spread his legs unclenching his thighs. He closes his eyes and relaxes his abdomen. After a few moments he let out a sigh of relief as he feel a spurt of pee escape, then another, and another. Soon he can feel the warms soaking up between his legs and spreading up the back side of the diaper. He keeps his eyes closed as he feels relief and the warmth. Soon his bladder is emptied and he begins to doze off to sleep, comforted by the warm wet padding swollen over his crotch.

Grace had been in the hotel bathroom quite awhile so Scarlett decided this would be her time to sneak off. She took the stairs to the floor above hers and quickly found the suite Mr Bradley had texted her he was in. She looked cautiously down the hall and the coast was clear. She knocked on the door twice and waited. Mr Bradley shot up out of a dead sleep and rose from the bed cautiously. He looked through the peep hole and was relieved to see his beautiful Scarlett standing there. He opened the door and she headed in quickly. “You know I could get in a lot of trouble for this.” He said looking her up and down. She wore black leggings and a cropped hoodie which left her belly ring to shine in his sight. He put his hands around her waist and ran his thumb along the gold chain which hung delicately around her waist from it. 

He pulled one of her red curls behind her ear and she beamed up at him before looking down. She pulled his waist band open to see the soaked diaper he had fallen asleep in. He blushed but she tilted his chin down to for him to kiss her. He wrapped his arms around Scarlett and kissed her, then pulling her in closer. She ran her hands up the back of his shirt untucking it from his around his waist. He gently ran his fingers through her hair and held her face as he kissed her slowly. She undid the button and zipper on his pants and started pushing him slowly towards the bed. He followed not breaking apart from her embrace. They climbed onto the bed and she laid on top of him. He pulled off her shirt and she unclipped her bra revealing her breasts to him. His eyes sparkled as he reached up to squeeze them, large and firm. He loved feeling her soft skin and her hard nipples atop those beautiful boobs. She smiled down at him topless with nothing but a skirt draped around her waist.

Scarlett glanced down at the yellow tinged diaper creeping out where the zipper was undone. “Would you like me to take care of that?” She offered. He smiled still holding onto her breasts “on one condition.” He propositioned. “And what would that be.” She giggled. He rolled her underneath him and held himself just inches above her “You shower with me?” He asked. She nodded and they headed to the washroom. He started the taps and she pulled down her skirt. She stood naked infront of him and pulled down his pants and he removed his shirt. She ran her fingertips along his muscular chest down the the tapes of the diaper. Steam from the shower quickly filling the air, he smiles looking down at the girl changing his diaper. 

She removes the wet padding and they climb into the shower together. The hot water running down her beautiful body sparkling in the steamy room. Mr Bradley running his hands gently down her back to firmly grab her ass below. She pulls herself in closer pushing her naked body against his. His erection growing larger between their wet bodies. He kisses her forehead the hot water rushing down his bare back. Scarlett reaches for the soap and begins lathering her breasts for him. He watches in awe “you’re just breathtaking, I never thought id be able to see you like this.” He spoke softly. She smiled “Thank you, you’re so sweet to me.” He pulled her in and started kissing her passionately before shutting off the water.

They made their way toward the bed and toppled onto it together. They kissed and moaned softly rolling under the covers. She sucks on his neck which makes him let out a moan. Mr Bradley runs his fingers up her thigh and slides two fingers into her soft wet pussy. He enters her with his hard cock and begins thrusting, she whimpered with pleasure. He pushed himself into her fully and feels her thighs quiver around him. He watches her pupils dilate and sees the smile spread across her lips. He looks down at her and whispered “I love you.”

$$

*059*2020-01-24 18:12

Im writing a new part now

*060*2020-01-29 16:56

Page 14

Scarlett kisses him softly but does not return those three intimate words. After, she grabs her phone off the nightstand to check the time, and its getting late. “I better get going before Grace starts to wonder where I am.” Scarlett pulls he shirt back over her head. Mr Bradley remains naked on the bed with beads of sweat dripping from his brow “wait.” He sits on the edge of the bed. “I want to make sure that no one is in the hall before you leave my room.” He starts to get dressed. “Good idea” she replies shortly. He checks the coast is clear and with a kiss Scarlett leaves and disappears down the hall.

She heads back down the stairs and into her room where grace is asleep in the big bed in the centre of the room. She crept quietly through the room and crawled into bed next to Grace who was wearing a plush pink onesie with a hood. Scarlett couldn’t really make out much in the dark so she just slid into bed. Later Grace rolled over in her sleep and wrapped her arm around Scarlett spooning her in the process. Scarlett blushed in the dark, she had never been very close with any of her female friends. Not in the cuddling type of way. 

She cuddled closer into Grace’s embrace and heard a quiet crinkle as Scarlett’s ass pressed into Grace crotch. Is she wearing..? No she couldn’t be! Could she... Scarlett blushed in the darkness and moved back slightly to hear another crinkle from Grace’s padding. She was wearing a diaper, and Scarlett bit her lip as she became slightly aroused. She didn’t move an inch because she didn’t want Grace to wake up and pull away from her. Scarlett felt calm in her embrace and she could feel her heart beat, she had never been so close to another woman.. Scarlett lie awake for awhile about to drift to sleep when she heard a soft whimper. Grace squirmed slightly and Scarlett froze.

Grace, who was still spooning her from behind, held onto Scarlett still cuddling into her as she squirmed. Scarlett blushed because she knew Grace would probably wet and it made sense now why she was so empathetic when Scarlett got off the bus earlier. Scarlett smiled she had Grace’s trust. Beautiful, fragile, Grace. Scarlett was broken from her train on thought when she felt the other girl rubbing her diapered crotch up against her. Grace grew more and more desperate as she tried to sooth her need for release. Numb from pleasure and want she held still as Grace rubbed up against her gently in the dark. “No no” Grace mumbled quietly as she fidgeted quicker. “Its okay..” Scarlett whispered to her hoping it would provoke the desired response. Which it did.

Grace relaxed her legs and quieted her whimpering. She was still spooning Scarlett when she started to dribble into her diaper as she lost control. Scarlett pressed back into her gently and Grace began wetting full force from the extra pressure on her bladder. Scarlett blushed deep red from what she had done but she figure Grace would have had an accident anyways. She felt her own panties dampen as she listened to the quiet hiss as Grace wet full force. Scarlett felt her butt and back become warmer from the diaper being soaked behind her. Grace let out a soft sigh of relief when she finished relieving herself.

Scarlett couldn’t believe she had Mr Bradley upstairs who may be diapered himself. Now Grace, pink onesie.. and a full, warm, wet diaper. Scarlett drifted off to sleep with Grace wrapped around her, spooning her.

$$

*064*2020-01-31 20:08

Page 15

Scarlett woke up to a pounding on her door. She sat up in bed still wearing her leggings and cropped hoodie from the night before. The room was empty no sign of Grace except for her locked pink suitcase in the corner of the room. Scarlett rubbed her mascara stained eyes and tossed her hair up into a bun. When she opened the door she was surprised to see Mr Bradley standing there along with Mr Godfrey her art teacher. “Did we disturb you Miss Williams?” Mr Godfrey raised a bushy brow. 

“What?” Scarlett asked still half asleep. “We leave in 15 minutes Scar.” Mr Bradley chimed in. Scarletts eyes widened slightly at the nickname and Mr Bradley started to sweat when he realized his slip up. Thankfully Mr Godfrey never noticed “Better get dressed and get on the bus young lady.” He looked her up and down belly hanging out and her belly ring dangling gently above her waist band. “y-yes sir.” She stammered before she closed the door to get ready. Mr Bradley and Mr Godfrey started walking back down the hall towards the lobby “I think they try to lure us in with their young bodies but we gotta keep our heads on Jim.” He gave Mr Bradley a firm pat on the back. Mr Bradley blushed “Good idea.”

Scarlett arrived in the lobby a few moments later with a polaroid camera strung around her neck and she had changed into some light blue ripped jeans and a baggy Nirvana T-shirt. She came and stood next to Grace who was standing off from the rest of the group. “Now that sleeping beauty has decided to join us everyone on the bus!” Mr Godfrey instructed. The students pilled on and Scarlett came up to Grace’s seat. “Do you mind if I sit with you?” She asked politely. She sat right at the front near the teachers. Mr Bradley sitting in the seat across from them. Grace nodded, and Scarlett slid into the seat next to her. Grace was wearing jeans as well so Scarlett knew she was wearing at protection during the day, maybe she only had problems at night? 

Mr Bradley whoever wore baggy clothing and carried a backpack and Scarlett knew what was inside she smiled at him and him her. He wanted to reach over and kiss her but he just pulled out his phone and began scrolling and the engine of the bus roared to life. Scarlett turned to Grace now “Thanks for the wake up call.” She teased. “S-sorry. I thought you had an alarm set.” She said shyly. “Well when I came in last night I didn’t want to wake you so I just got into bed.” Scarlett explained. Grace changes the subject “Are you excited to see the art gallery?” She asked. “Very.” Scarlett smiled, she had always wanted to go but her wretched mother never took any interest in art because “it wasn’t a real job”.

At the art gallery Scarlett walked around with Grace who was starting to warm up to her. “So you said you started at our school in September? Did you just move over the summer?” She asked “No I just changed schools, I was bullied a lot..” she trailed off. “I’m sorry.. I don’t know why anyone would bully someone as beautiful as you.” Scarlett blushed. Grace smiled “Actually what happened to you on the bus yesterday used to happen to me sometimes.” She said quietly. “It’s okay, it happens.. I would never judge you for anything like that.” Scarlett could feel her heart beating. “Thank you.” Grace smiled and they walked along admiring the art. “Do you think my art could ever be in a place like this?” She asked. Grace paused for a moment and nodded. “I think your art is beautiful.” Scarlett smiled. “Thanks.” Grace glanced towards the washrooms but they kept walking.

As the day went on Scarlett and Grace had fun looking at the art and their class was going to meet up soon. Scarlett noticed Grace looking a bit uncomfortable and she shuffled a bit when she walked, the way Mr Bradley did towards the end of class. “Would you come to the washroom with me? I hate going in alone.” Scarlett lied to see if she needed to go. Grace nodded quickly and she followed her towards the restrooms. There was a small line and Scarlett noticed Grace become slightly desperate behind her. “You can go ahead of me.” Scarlett offered. “Are you sure?”

“Yeah go ahead.” Grace was practically bouncing up and down now. Scarlett watched carefully as the small blonde girl squirmed. She loved watching her potty dance so vulnerably in front of her. Grace ran toward the first stall that became available nearly breaking the door down. Scarlett smiled to herself, why would she hold it so long... maybe Grace liked to play games too?

$$

