Ainsley’s swim team wetting

Author: Guest

*000*2020-09-24 00:24

Ainsley put the last strap of her swim suit over her shoulders. She opened the door and walked out of the locker room onto the pool deck and got ready to swim.

As she did the usual warm up stretch she felt a slight twinge in her bladder.

“Oh crap I gotta pee maybe I can go before practice starts” . Ainsley thought to herself while holding her crotch.

”Alright everyone get in the pool for laps”

“Shit I can’t hold it I should ask to go” Ainsley said to herself.

”Ms.Derrickson (the swim team coach) can I use the bathroom really quick please I don’t think I can hold it” Ainsley said bopping you and down trying to hold it in.

”No Ainsley you’ll have to wait till the end of practice, you know the rules” Ms.D said.

Ainsely sighed and hopped in the pool still desperate. She didn’t want to pee in the pool because the last time that someone did that a blue mist appeared around them. So that was out of the question.

A few minutes after warmup was over she was holding her crotch and crossing her legs trying not to break.

As time passed Ainsley grew more and more desperate to pee

Finally after a painfully long practice, it was over.

“Finally its over” Ainsley said holding her crotch tightly.

Everyone got out of the pool. The boys went to their locker rooms and the girls got their things.

Ainsely without hesitating ran to the girls locker room. As she approached the door she began to think that it was over and she could be relived.

But...

She went to push the door open and it was locked

Then she remembered, the girls Locker rooms are locked during practice for reasons of previous problems.

She held her crotch

”Fuck,Fuck,Fuck” Ainsely said as a few small dribbles of pee escaped.

She held her crotch tighter and crossed her legs tighter. To prevent further embarrassment from an accident, without thinking, ran into the boys locker room which was unlocked.

She ran over towards the stalls, as voices exchanged around the boys locker room

“Yo what are you doing in here”

”Wrong locker room”

“What the hell get out”

She ignores all of them as she runs to a stall, it’s locked she knocks and bangs at the hope the open.

“Please open, please I’m gonna p-pe-pee” Ainsley stutters and moans

Another spurt of pee escapes

”Ahhhh open open open please I’m go-nn-gonna pee” she moans again.

Ainsley couldn’t take it anymore as the flood gates open

Just then a stall opens, she pulls off her straps as a stream of pee comes out, she runs but stops

”Ahhhhhhhhh” Ainsley moans

As her swimsuit turns dark and streams of pee go down her legs and a puddle forms around her.

“Fuck” Ainsley said As her face turns red as she cries

As if things couldn’t be worse, as she stands up forgetting that the straps of her swimsuit are still off, her swimsuit falls to the ground exposing her whole body in front of a group of boys.

”Ahhhhhh!!! Stop looking you pervs” Ainsley screams as she covers herself

She runs out of the locker room and back onto the pool deck leaving her swimsuit behind.

She covers herself in embarrassment once more and runs into the girls locker room.

Just then she remembered her bag of clothes are still out on the pool deck.

”Shit” Ainsley said tears rolling down her face that’s as red as a tomato

