Alchemy and wetting

Author: gianki007

*000*2020-04-30 01:57

Chapter 1

So, this afternoon I went into town to post a flyer for an assistant. With my latest breakthrough, I'll need her. I also got some rations in the market. I passed by Doc’s house, and it's overflowing, but hopefully, it won’t stay that way for long.

Stupid snowcough. Luckily, Windfell won’t have to wait long before I have the cure.

Anyway, I put my poster up at a message board, asking for a female assistant to help out with experiments at my house on the outskirts.

When I headed back to my cabin, the stew cooking in my kitchen had finished, so I took it out and served myself.

Later that night I had planned to spend an hour working in the lab, but I heard a knock on my door. In case it was a bandit, you can never be too careful, I made sure to have a concealed sheathed knife on my waistband. However, it was a young woman with simple clothes, carrying a small trunk next to her. Her red hair was tied up, and she looked beyond me into the cabin.

"Are you the alchemist looking for an assistant?" She stuck her hand out eagerly, her smile a little too sweet. "I'm Liv."

"Pill." I brought her in, closing the door behind her. "I have a guest room you can stay in. It's down the hall, second door on the right."

“You’re working this late?”

I was in my lab, sitting down and monitoring a beaker over an open flame. It was a few hours before midnight.

“Yes, just getting some stuff in order now that you’re here.” I gestured to my tidy and organized beakers and research. Then I grabbed a small glass cup and gave it to her.

“What’s this for?”

“For my latest experiment, I need some urine.”

“Piss. Who would've known it would be so important. Weird.” She has no idea.

Later, she came back and handed me the cup, now warm and full. “Thanks.”

“What are you even going to use that for anyway?” She asked.

I didn’t answer and instead poured the pee into the boiling beaker. It was already filled with pulverized mice bones, a small gem, and mercury. It began to boil, and after a few minutes, I took out the gem with a pair of tongs.

“So, Liv, you want to know what this gem can do?” Luckily, I managed to resist smiling mischievously.

“Well, sure.”

Now, I couldn’t resist smirking. Holding the gem, I said, “Walk to the guest room” Without saying anything, she did what I said, and I followed her. I made sure to seal the now cool beaker before I left.

Once there, I told her to wait there. Then, I grabbed a chamber pot and set it down in the room. Now, I needed to see how much control Liv had.

First, I thought. Lay on the bed, and take off all your clothes. She did so immaculately, and I’ll admit I hardened at seeing her. I ran a few more tests.

Masturbate. Sue me, I was indulging myself. She began to rub her bare clit, slowly at first, but soon she sped up, until she climaxed, moaning and flopping down, tired.

Forget all that happened from when you entered my lab, to now. Her eyes, which had been looking at the ceiling, unfocused and glossed over.

Now fall into a deep sleep until tomorrow. In ten seconds, she was out cold. I tried rocking her, lifting her, nothing woke her up. After dressing her and tucking her in, I thought about all this.

Now that I had created mind control through alchemy, I could finally stage my heist and cure snowcough.

*002*2020-04-30 15:23

{{12 hours ago, Bedwettingchik12 said:

I like where this is going. Seems REALLY rushed though

}}

True enough. Just kind of running with it, but to be fair, this will steadily improve, and I do know where the story is going.

*003*2020-05-01 01:09

{{9 hours ago, gianki007 said:

True enough. Just kind of running with it, but to be fair, this will steadily improve, and I do know where the story is going.

}}

Correction: I originally wrote the first chapter to make it look like Pill's journal. From now on, I'll write in first person.

*005*2020-05-05 00:42

I appreciate everyone who's read up until now, but due to other responsibilities and a lack of interest on my part, I'm abdicating from writing this story.

I want to know if there are any writers here interested in continuing the story, and if they are, I'll send them what I've done of future stories and creator notes.

Thanks for understanding.

