Potionomics Wetting

Author: GlassesNPanty

*000*2022-11-24 10:04

A wetting story about Luna, the moth girl from Potionomics.

###

Luna slowly managed to wake herself up, as she had forgotten to set an alarm the day before. She sat up and rubbed her eyes. Last night had her beat, as she slept off the entirety of her 90% stress from the day before. Suddenly, the moth girl would feel a twitch from her bladder, as two of her hands shot to answer it. She had drank so much coffee last night in order to keep herself awake for work, that the moment all the caffeine wore off, she fell onto her bed and passed out. It seems that all that coffee went straight to her bladder as she tightly pressed against her light blue pajama shorts. They were soft, and had little moons on them that matched her shirt, which was fitting for a moth. She stood up from her bed, still keeping two hands pressed against her shorts. 'I-I really need to pee this bad? I just woke up... I guess I drank too much last night.' she thought to herself.

Her bladder sent a wave of desperation as she was now waking up, which made her panic for a moment. She crossed her legs, and now started to realize just how badly she needed to go. She quickly grabbed the most important item, her phone, leaving her glasses on the bedside desk, and moved over to the bathroom. She shuffled about, constantly crossing and bouncing her legs as she walked. Once she reached the bathroom, she opened it and quickly moved over to the toilet. She struggled to get her shorts and panties down, and just barely managed to get them off while she sat down, relieving herself just moments away from having released into her clothes.

Now with that need out of the way, the moth began to look at her phone, the place where all of her marketing magic happened. The town had a large social connection, so influencing the market through online posts was her main way of changing up the market. As she scrolled and scrolled, she stopped to see that many townsfolk were really enjoying the potions that Sylvia, a good friend of hers, was selling. She remembered Sylvia as the potion seller that gifted her a bunch of sweet berries that she loved, and immediately investigated. Turns out, Sylvia was selling potions that could end up helping her with work! Something like a work-faster potion, or a work-forever potion would be more efficient than coffee.

The moth wiped herself, and then stood up, almost forgetting to pull her clothes back up due to her excitement. 'If I could get a good potion that can make me work faster, perhaps I can get successful enough to where my parents consider my boutique to be a good investment!' she thought to herself. She slid up her clothes, and moved to her bedroom. She grabbed her glasses and adjusted them onto her eyes, as she then got dressed in a blue sweater and yellow skirt, with a soft pair of brown fluffy boots. She grabbed her morning coffee and ran out the door.

"Hey! Watch where you're going!", shouted a commoner who was somewhat rudely bumped into by a small moth girl. "S-Sorry!", the girl shouted in response with a wave of the one of four hands that was not occupied, not looking back or stopping her rush. Her other three limbs were busy, as her focus was stuck typing away on her phone, while the third hand held her half empty cup of coffee. Luna was not just any moth girl, but a marketing moth girl, which required her to stay up-to-date with the town's interests at all times. Luna's influence over the market is quite strong despite her shop still not at its peak of success, and being the only one working at her marketing shop requires her to do everything. This often left Luna to being constantly distracted by the town's social circles from her phone.

Today, Luna was going to be under a heavy amount of work, as she was preparing a marketing plan fit for a princess, and to Luna, coffee was not going to keep her busy enough. She often persisted through long nights of planning despite the stress that came with it. In fact, Luna often weaponized her own stress. This, however, was not a resource she could obtain just on her own business strategies, but through a 'magical' substance called caffeine. Well, at least to her it was magical. Her first morning coffee would be enough to get through the first part of her day. Luna had met a very good friend who happened to be a potion seller known as Sylvia, who today would be selling a few different kinds of potions that may be able to assist her in preparing the marketing plan she was readying. As magical as caffeine is, nothing seems to beat what Sylvia can brew.

Luna speed-walked through the town, still keeping an eye on her phone, reading about how the town felt today, and replying with a couple of cute messages to some of the towns post in order to widen her presence. Still being a start up shop, not everyone knew about her marketing boutique, so she always responded to every action that the town would discuss, advertising her business. Now arriving at Sylvia's shop, Luna would finish the last bit of the large coffee she had ordered, and threw away its plastic container before entering the store.

Due to how early it was, Luna would be Sylvia's first customer. Which to her, was a pleasant surprise. "Good morning Sylvia! I'll be needing a certain potion to help me get through today's work.", Luna exclaimed with a happy greeting of a wave, to which Sylvia waved back with her wand. "I've got a few potions that could help with that, go ahead and see what I brewed overnight." With greetings out of the way, Luna drew her attention towards the nice looking tables. As she browsed, she took note of a few potions that may be of assistance to her. Her focus was split between her phone and the available stock, but she managed to find a greater speed and stamina potion with good craftsmanship, which seemed like they would do the trick. She took both up to the counter with a smile, finally looking away from her phone for just a moment.

"These two will help me severeeely, marketing can get exhausting. Oh-are they on sale?", she would open with. While adventurer's would fight with weapons and armor, shopkeepers fought with words and marketing strategies. Sylvia happened to be an expert at raising the customers interest in her brews. "While it may not be on sale, these two will both help you work faster, and work longer. Time is money, afterall." Sylvia was right, to Luna, any price would be worth it to speed up her work.

Though she was interested and enjoyed Sylvia's company, she was in a bit of a hurry. Sylvia's marketing tactics were music to Luna's ears, and affirmed her of the decision on both potions. However, her patience was running a bit low, as she was starting to feel a bit of a need for a restroom. Coffee has its magical ups, but also its effect on the body. Though she did not want to share her growing need with Sylvia, she did want to get started on her marketing plan right away. "Alright Sylvia, I'm buying, but I've got my plan to work on. Time is money as you said, so sell them to me!" And with that, the potions were hers. As a trade, Luna would quickly swipe up the two potions from the table and take a selfie with them in her arms and a delighted smile. "I'll make sure to post that and point the good customers your direction! Thanks a bunch, Sylvia!" The moth shouted, turning away and walking out of the store with a cute smile.

With the first of today's business out of the way, Luna had begun her walk back to her marketing boutique, sipping on the speed potion while her fingers got to work posting the selfie. She put a lot more effort into anything that was related to Sylvia, and often got distracted by her, so she did everything she could to make the post as beneficial to her as possible. Just as she finished her posts, she arrived home. Thankfully too, as her growing need for a bathroom was becoming more apparent, as she felt a twinge down below. She crossed her legs for a second, and bounced on inside. However, despite the sips of the speed potion, she still made it back late. Just like Sylvia, she had a shop to run, and it was supposed to be opened minutes ago. She got so distracted about her online posts, that she ended up making a few circles around town rather than walking straight home. Once she saw the time, she began to feel a bit stressed.

Luna's profits were important, as her livelihood here required her to make money so she could avoid being sent back home unsuccessful. Her trip to a bathroom would have to wait, as her doors needed to be open. She switched the closed sign to an open one, set her two potions down next to her, and readied up her available marketing plans. Within just one minute, her first customer would come in, and work would begin.

During her last customer's presentation, halfway through Luna's explanation of one of her plans to her customer, her need would become more apparent. Her bladder twitched as it was getting full, causing Luna to need to cross her legs while she stood posing with her plans. As her bladder was filling, so was her stress. 'I can hold it, just one last plan, then I'll be free to use the little moth's room!', she thought to herself. Her stress was weaponized, and she quickly made an excellent closer to the customer, who happily took the plan.

Once the customer left, it was now up to her to get started on it. She sat down at her desk, and began typing away, but her focus was constantly pulled down below. She used two hands to keep typing, and the other to hold herself. Luna desperately wanted to finish the plan and finally go and let her bladder loose, but with her focus being half on her bladder and the other half on work, it only slowed her down. Seeing as she would need to be faster, she grabbed her half-full speed potion and finished it. While it would end up filling her bladder more later, it would let her finish the plan before increasing her need. A perfect, efficient plan.

Finally, she finished the last one, and stood up from her seat. Her legs were now free from their work, though she kept one hand pressed down onto her skirt. "Work is done, now for me to go and relieve myself! Thanks to Sylvia's potions, I got that done sooner despite being late. Ooh they work so well!", she said, as her bladder gave her a reminder of its urgency that made her squeak and cross her legs.

"Eep! Almost too well." Just as the moth started to move towards the bathroom, Sylvia made a sudden appearance on her broom, causing Luna to throw her phone into the air in shock. Seeing as she couldn't lose her one way of keeping up with town news, she quickly moved her hands that were busy keeping her flood from coming out into the air to catch the device. Now without the help of her hands, Luna froze in place as she focused entirely on preventing herself from leaking. Her legs folded, and her expression seemed worried as the stress was now really building up. 'Why now, Sylvia!' She thought to herself.

"Good afternoon, Luna! I've and a variety of potions that I'm brewing, and I need your help to make sure they sell!" Sylvia exclaimed from atop her broom, waving towards her favorite moth girl. "H-Hey...! Sylvia. I-I've got just the r-right plan for you, b-but it will have to w-" Luna struggled to keep herself composed and managed to prevent herself from leaking into her underwear, but she really needed to pee, and it didn't help that Sylvia cut her off. "Great! I need one for tonics, go ahead and show me how it'll work, my adventurer's are waiting for me to come back to them!" Sylvia said, not noticing Luna's predicament. The moth girl shook in place, and huffed. She reached for her large board that held each of her plans. She used two arms to hold it up to Sylvia, and the other two to secretly hold herself while she stood behind it.

'I've got to pee, I can't hold it, come on Sylvia... I'll make a sale fast so that way I can go to the bathroom!' Luna thought to herself, as she struggled. The board was large, and needed two hands to hold up, so she let go of one hand from the front of her skirt and used it to point at the third option. "T-This one is a plan f-for... fire t-tonics! The s-summer is heating up, a-and this fire tonic plan will be j-just what you need!" The poor moth kept her legs tightly crossed, and her hand pressed against her. A blush started to form on her face, which made Sylvia seem more interested. "It is a good tonic plan... but I need one for all tonics. I've got more than just fire. You have anything for that, even if its extra cost?"

Luna was desperate. She needed to pee very badly, and normally she would explain the price differences and re-evaluate the entire plan to the customer, but right now she needed relief at any cost, because if this went on for any longer, Luna was going to be selling her marketing plan with a wet skirt. "Y-yes I can do that, no extra cost I-I'll settle it f-for all tonics, sold!", she said in desperation, moving her hand back to the front of her skirt, as her first leak managed to escape into her underwear, causing the moth girls face to blush a deep red. Sylvia had noticed that, and thought Luna was not increasing the price just for her. She smiled, and nodded. setting the bag of coins down onto Luna's desk.

"Deal! Thanks a bunch for doing that for me, I'll have to repay you sometime on a date!" Sylvia responded, taking Luna's blush as a form of romantic interest and offered a date to the moth. Sylvia then took off with a smile and a wave, delighted with her purchase. Luna, on the other hand, was stuck in place. Another leak found its way into her panties, which caused a noticeable discolor of her underwear. She stayed frozen with the board in her two hands and the other two stuck underneath her skirt pressing down onto herself.

"I-I've really got to pee... a d-date? Did she say a date? I-I can't hold it anymore... I'll th-think on it later!" She said to herself, dropping the board as she now used all four arms to prevent herself from exploding. She shuffled her feet slowly towards the bathroom, and stood in front of the door. Her body was shaking as she pried one hand away from her crotch to open the door, but her legs refused to move. 'I really can't hold it in any longer... I-I need to pee...! I-I can't... its going to...' she thought to herself, as she managed to take one step further. The motion caused another leak, which made her stressed. She stepped again, and again, moving into the bathroom with the toilet in sight. But each step caused another leak that would be larger than the last. Her hands pressing down onto her skirt would now cause the leaks to form a wet patch on the front of her yellow skirt.

'N-No! I can't... I'm going to... its coming out... I can't hold it anymore! I-I'm g-going to... w-wet my... skirt...' She said, now only a few steps away from the toilet, as her body shook and her legs froze. The leaks turned into spurts, and the spurts into streams. She tried as much as she could, but any more movement would cause the dam to break, so she simply stood there, slowly wetting herself as it couldn't be contained any longer. The patch on her panties would grow, until it started to drip off and fall between her legs, just as the wet spot on her skirt grew larger and larger. 

She embarrassed girl couldn't hold back, as the final push of her bladder caused her to start wetting herself moments away from clean release. She stood stressed out, as the river escaped her, covering the entire front part of her skirt and her panties as it all flowed down her thin legs and onto her boots. The stream slowly came to a stop, and she moved her hands away from her crotch, letting her skirt be released from the wet mess that happened between her legs.

'U-Ugh... I couldn't... I-I peed my skirt... and boots...' She said, defeated. 'A-And I've still got a lot of work to do... engh, Sylvia... I'll get my revenge on that date of yours!' she thought in frustration, as the moth walked out of the bathroom to find another pair of clothes to change into. She dropped her wet skirt and blushed, as she noticed how drenched her panties were. She slowly dropped them down and stepped out of them, wiping herself down. After taking off her shoes, she slid up a new pair of underwear and another yellow skirt over it, and cleaned the rest of herself off. "Now to work on my major marketing plan for the princess, and figure out how to give Sylvia the same torture on our date... good thing I've still got a stamina potion to help me with that."

