Changing rooms

Author: Guest Skyde

*000*2017-08-30 12:52

This is an idea that popped into my head when I went shopping with my mum and I saw these changing rooms with quite big gaps at the bottom so legs were clearly visible (maybe 1 foot or a bit more) . Anyway, this is just a short made up story. Hope you enjoy.

I walked into a shop with my mum. It was quite boring. Then I saw the changing rooms in the shop. They had quite big gaps underneath, much more than usual and as I saw a pair of jeans slide down I was slightly aroused. Nothing could have prepared me for the site that I beheld next. I was still looking down at the legs as the jeans were picked up and suddenly a very small stream of golden liquid came down, without much noise at all. Any noise was covered up by the loud music in the store. I saw some more trickles and small streams. After a minute or two of looking while trying not to seem perverted there were no more streams.

A few seconds later a girl came out if the changing room as if nothing had happened. I grabbed a random pair of jeans and stepped inside the same changing room locking the door behind me. There was a darker patch on the carpet of the floor. I felt it, it was thoroughly wet. At this point I was very aroused. I took my clothes and decided to finish myself off. Came on the same place as the pee was and walked. My mum asked what took so long so I told her I couldn't get the jeans off and no further questions were asked.

That was my short story. Hope y'all liked it. If u have anything I can improve on comment down below. I didn't include too much about the masturbating part because I don't know if you guys wanted it. Do you want me to talk about in more detail next time or leave it out completely?Tell me so I know what to do next time.

Thanks!

*003*2017-08-30 20:39

{{4 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Hmm, the concept was great. But the writing certainly could still be improved.

}}

Thanks, for the feedback. I'll keep it in mind.

