Nidley: A Night At The Theatre

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2020-03-04 02:10

This story was up before, or rather two parts of it were. While I was finishing the third part I decided instead to remove it and release it as a full story once the third was finished. So enjoy!

Did I also mention I have a thing if you feel like supporting me? https://ko-fi.com/callumdoesathing

Nidley: A Night At The Theatre

Standing before the small pocket mirror, which to the small forest Kniv, was enough for her, Nidley huffed a grouchy sigh. Beside her, hanging from a small hook, was a long white gown that her Master had procured for the evening.

Balkanan Knivs were strange creatures when it comes to vanity. They did not care for clothes, nor did they have any shame in displaying their bodies, but sadly humans did not see it the same way.

“Why can’t I just go without anything on?” She huffed, slouching in front of the mirror, a moody sour glare as she pulled down the dress from its peg.

“Because if you’re going to mingle among the Capital, you need to show some decency. We’re not in Guilden, we’re in the city of Kings!” Sidmere declared proudly, clenching his fist. “Now enough with the huffing and get your gown on.”

She had tried to protest, but her Master would have none of it. Before long, Nidley was throwing the white gown over herself and struggling to find a hole to pop her head out of. “But I’m not a human! I shouldn’t have to wear these fancy-pants clothes! Kniv’s don’t wear clothes!”

Though they resemble humans in appearance, Kniv’s have long impish tails and bright colourful wings like a butterfly. In looks, Nidley did not look much different than an average girl; Her wide hazelnut eyes shone in the light and she often made a habit of wrinkling her small, button nose. But other than her wings and her tail, she did not draw much attention to herself.

She was no taller than a glass, no wider than a bottle, and she was a colourful pink. Her assets were small and did nothing to draw a leering gaze toward her. Her breasts were small, her backside ample and perfectly rounded and her legs were slender, but the more personal features of her body were concealed by a small dark patch that many Knivs were born with.

Nature’s loin-cloth, as many of her tribe would jokingly call it - a little patch of black that covered her Knivhood, as well as her chest, not that Nidley had much to cover there. She'd always been a little lacking in her maidenly assets.

With the turn of summer, her hair had turned a dark, burning red. All Knivs, being so intertwined with nature, underwent this change; their colours moved with the seasons, much like a tree. During winter, she’d go pale and her hair would be ice blue. Now, after the passing of spring, her skin was lightly tanned.

Tonight was a special night, one that Nidley’s master had been eagerly counting down the days to. He had been lucky to acquire tickets for a show that was playing in the Capital, and Nidley, who was curious to see a play, had begged her Master to take her along with him. And he agreed.

Nidley slipped into her shoes and brushed her hair until it was long and straight. A curtain of red covered her face and Nidley grinned, her fangs on show. “Master look, just like you showed me!” She swept her hair back and with her magic, wove a clip that would hold her hair.

Looking ready, she flew up above her changing area, spinning around and watching the bottom of her white gown twirl. “How do I look, Master?”

“Like you’re ready for a night at the theatre.” He chuckled to himself and straightened out his own jacket, fiddling with the ruffles of his sleeves. “How are you enjoying that gown? It was hard to find a tailor who could make a dress to fit a Kniv.”

“I don’t like it.” She proclaimed bluntly, though proudly displaying her fangs over a grin. “Being naked and free is much more comfortable! But I’ll tolerate it for one night because Master got it for me!” She smiled warmly, until she felt the fabric of her knickers nestling between her buttcheeks. “Gah! No wonder you humans are always so crabby.” She lifted her dress and span around, revealing her butt to Sidmere. “Why on earth do you wear these horrible things!?”

Sidmere leant forward and straightened his black hair in the mirror. “They’re not so bad, you’re just not used to wearing them.” He replied.

That was not a sufficient answer for Nidley. She wiggled her backside, trying her hardest to get the wrap of cloth unstuck from between her cheeks. When that didn’t work she cried out, hissed, and buried her hands down her knickers, clawing at them until she could wedge them out from between her butt. “It feels like my butt is eating them!” She yelped. “Ooh~” Her yelps became a pleasant sigh as she again relieved herself of the tight feeling between her cheeks.

“That’s it, get all your frustrations out now.” Sidmere jested as he fastened the buttons of his cummerbund.

The pair bickered, as they often did, for a short while longer while Sidmere got himself ready. Once he was dressed in his evening jacket, his hair was straightened and brushed back, and the fragrance of foreign perfume practically dripped from his figure, they were ready to head out.

“A spritz before we leave, Nidley?” He bent down, holding the perfume up to the Kniv.

“Sure!” She accepted with a jubilant grin, her tail wafting side-to-side.

She hopped from the table onto Sidmere’s shoulder and before she could settle down, was squirted by the bottle. The heavy cloud of thick, sweet spray caused the little Kniv to sneeze, her senses overwhelmed by the foreign fragrance.

“Okay then.” Sidmere turned to admire himself one last time in the mirror. “Let us be on our way.”

It was a warm summer evening in Eserith. Nidley rode atop Sidmere’s as they ventured out into the Capital. The tall buildings and long streets, populated by all manners of people were easy grounds for a Kniv to get lost. Though she preferred to spread her own wings and fly, in the cities, she did well not to stray far from her Master, always atop his shoulder and never venturing off on her own.

Human life was strange for the little Kniv, though she had lived among them for a few months she didn’t understand their desire for large grandiose buildings or long streets of finely polished stone that ran for miles. She was used to nature, to trees, her pathways being branches and her shelter being leaves, but she found amazement in their unnatural design. As well as the strange technology they had harnessed.

As they walked along the path, the street lights came to life with a quiet hum, lighting the way as night loomed.

They walked out into the main streets and gathered among a crowd of people. Nidley watched all around her as people passed, all dressed in their exquisite attire just like her Master; black evening jackets, ruffled sleeves and the distinct reek of fancy perfume.

Amidst all the excitement of the crowd, Nidley noticed something out of the corner of her eye. “Master! Look!” She yelled, clambering over his shoulders and hanging from his sleeve. “Look over there!” She pointed to two girls in a side-alley, perched down with their dresses hiked up, revealing their bare backsides. “Those two girls over there are doing dirty things!”

“Nidley!” Sidmere hissed, picking the Kniv up by her tail and sitting her back on his shoulder. “It’s impolite to stare. Especially when...” His cheeks started to glow as he cleared his throat. “Do not stare. Understood?”

The Kniv grinned, baring her fangs. “But I thought we weren’t allowed to do dirty deeds outside!”

They ventured along the streets, chattering, chasing, and conversing as they made their way to the large white building at the top of the hill.

“Is that the theatre, Master?” Nidley directed her tail toward the building.

“Indeed it is.” Said Sidmere. “The King’s Hall - The finest theatre in all of Eserith.”

The large white building on the hill stood as high as the sky, atop it a white dome made of polished glass. The grandest sight in an already beautiful city. The whole building was illuminated with lights and illusions glimmering from the stone, drawing all eyes to its majesty against the starry night sky. For Nidley, it conjured thoughts of the moon, a large beacon of light that blotted out any and all darkness. “It’s so pretty~” She said with starry eyes. “That’s where we’re going, right?”

With a proud grin, Sidmere nodded. He did not bother to ruin the magic with words.

They journeyed through the gates, and only from there did the Kniv’s interest grow. In the cold night, illusions danced in the air above; a large dragon flew overhead, it’s wings wafting could be felt as if it was there, then two knights exchanging fighting blows with their swords, purple sparks of magical energy raining down with each clash. It was magical, as if the very air was a theatrical performance itself.

She had been captivated by the illusions above; so much so that she had not noticed they were already at the entrance to the theatre.

The crowd had grown, the courtyard bulged with the city’s aristocracy and many had taken interest in Nidley. Conversations were dropped and eyes were cast to the Kniv riding among one man’s shoulders. Though, Nidley had not noticed, her attention was still on the glowing lights surrounding the hall. She had to lean back to see them, and beneath this large building, Nidley truly felt small.

“Now, Nidley, I know this is your first time attending a show. I must make it clear that once we are in the show, you are to remain quiet. It is frowned upon to disturb a performance so once we are in there - a vow of silence, understood?”

“Understood, Master!” Nidley, using her illusionary magic, created a zipper over her mouth and pretended to zip it shut, throwing away the key. It vanished in a puff of purple smoke.

Her Master smiled and gave her an accepting nod. “Excellent. With that said, what do you say to dinner before the show?”

The Kniv leapt up, tail swaying with excitement. She had not eaten since breakfast, deliberately waiting until tonight to sample the finest of human food. “Absolutely!”

After handing over their tickets, and receiving a queer stare from the boy taking them, the pair proceeded into the hall. Sidmere strolled past the young man in the booth, who continued to stare at the little oddity perched on his shoulder. As they passed, Nidley looked the boy dead in his eyes and hissed, baring her sharp fangs.

The young man turned pale as he witnessed the sight of her tiny plum-chompers. They were only good for chewing through soft food, but his pale visage made it obvious he did not know that. “That’ll teach you to stare~” Nidley giggled and waved goodbye to the young man.

He said nothing, standing still, as pale as snow, grasping his apron.

Inside the hall, the air was thick with the smell of tobacco. Nidley recognized it - the smell of sophistication as she’d heard many say. Though to her it was nothing more than the smell of vile smoke. The thick, fog-like air was too much for the little Kniv and she sneezed, but that did not stifle her curiosity. She watched from Sidmere’s shoulder, eyes gleaming, rushing to take everything in.

They pushed their way through the crowds, through the cloud of smoke and booming echoes of conversation. Nidley noticed that no person was without a glass, or two of wine or without a smoking pipe. A jolly old man dressed in a long black dress jacket told a joke and slapped his knee, conjuring up rousing laughter from his friends.

On the other side of the crowd, the overwhelming smell of tobacco faded and in its stead Nidley could smell the scrumptious aroma of an evening banquet. Meat, vegetables, something sweet that she could not tell the taste but it was on the tip of her tongue. It was all there. The Kniv licked her lips and after a rumble from her stomach, spurred her Master on toward the delightful aroma.

The dining hall proved to be sanctuary from the festivities occurring in the main hall. Families and friends sat, sipping soup and indulging in some pre-show refreshments. “Ooh, I see it!” Nidley sniffed at the air and pointed over to a large wooden table at the rear of the room, where a large delightful spread had been set.

Nidley quickly found herself the centre of attention once again; scores of people looked up from their bowls to examine the strange little creature. She found their glances curious; was it so interesting that a Kniv was sat upon a mans shoulder? “Master,” Nidley whispered, tugging on Sidmere’s shoulder, “everybody is looking at us again.”

“Of course they are. Kniv’s are a rare sight in Eserith.” He calmly replied.

“So they all just want to look at me?” She huffed. “That seems kind of boring.” And then an idea. Nidley stood up and spread her wings. “Then I better give them a reason to stare!” She cackled and leapt from her Master’s shoulder.

Spreading her wings, Nidley took flight and sped off toward the buffet, soaring through the smokey air, whizzing past the heads of the people who’d stopped to stare at her. “Come on, Master!” She turned over, flying backwards, and cheered to Sidmere. “Last one to the buffet is a BIG STINKY LOSER!” She blared, pointing her tail to the large table behind them.

She flew over the buffet table, looking down at the treats on display with wide, hungry eyes. The smell was wondrous, a true feast for the senses. From above, Nidley spied roast ox, lightly seared, spiced pork with a small ring of fruit, buttered roast potatoes and a silver tray of steamed vegetables stewing in a juice of herbs and spices.

It was all too much, the little Kniv couldn’t contain herself. Using her own illusionary magic, she wove a plate from magical energy, dived down into the banquet and began eagerly picking at the potatoes and vegetables with a skewer wrapped around her tail.

Sidmere approached through the people gathered around the banquet table, in part for the feast and part to watch Nidley pick her food. He looked less than amused, his hands behind his back and his eyes wide, nostrils flaring.

“Oh hi, Master!” Nidley smiled like nothing was amiss, clutching a plate of vegetables and a skewer of meat wrapped around her tail.

Her Master sighed, rubbed the bridge of his nose and reluctantly wove a plate for himself with his own magic. “You love to make an introduction, don’t you?” He said with words that had lost all meaning.

“Isn’t this what Theatre is all about?” Nidley giggled as she pierced a carrot with a skewer.

He didn’t answer. The pair filled their plates in silence. Though Sidmere kept some dignity about himself and prepared only a small dinner, Nidley had skewered as much of the veg as she could. They found a table, away from the gawking crowds and settled for dinner.

After they had finished eating, Sidmere pushed his empty plate away and rose to his feet, dabbing his chin with a napkin. “I’m going to get a glass of wine. Would you care for one, Nidley?”

“Wine?” The Kniv tilted her head. “Oh! That’s the dizzy juice, right?” The words were more than enough for her to stick out her tongue and grimace. “Ugh, no! It tastes like butt and makes me go all fuzzy!” She flew up and glanced over his shoulder toward the bar. “Ooh! It’s one of those places! Like a fancy tavern! See if they have juice! The tasty kind, the one with all the berries!”

“Of course.” Sidmere nodded. He removed his long black coat and wandered over toward the bar, leaving Nidley to sit and pick the debris from her teeth with the point of her tail. “I made sure to get the smallest glass.” He told her upon returning, a tiny glass of dark purple juice in his hand. In the other he carried a glass of white sparkling wine.

“Ooh~ Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!” Whether it was all that horrid tobacco smoke, or the well salted meat Nidley couldn’t tell, but she had conjured a raging thirst. “I’m parched~”

Her Master sat the glass down beside her, and desperate to soothe that raging first, Nidley flew up to the rim of the glass, eager for that first cool sip. “Now, Nidley, make sure not to drink too much.” Sidmere warned her.

But it was too late. Already the little Kniv had clapped her hands together, woven a straw, and was slurping down the glass of juice as if it was the nectar of life. It was delicious, ice-cold, and just what she needed for her parched lips.

Her loud slurps rang rudely around the hall as she sucked away at the straw, gulping down everything until there was not a single drop left. “Pwah!” The Kniv sighed, following it up with a loud belch. “That hit the spot!”

Sidmere could only look at the empty glass in disbelief. It was half of Nidley’s height, and she had downed the drink like it was nothing. “You are finished then?” He asked, knowing her answer, but being polite.

“Yep!” She replied, wiping the juice from her lips. “What do we do now, Master!?” She leapt up, hopping on her feet with excitement.

Sidmere finished his wine, sat the glass atop the table and gestured for the Kniv to sit atop his shoulder. “I suppose we should get to our seats. The show will be starting soon.” As Nidley sat down, he looked over his shoulder, and quietly asked. “You remember what I mentioned outside of the Theatre, correct?”

“Uh-huh!” Again Nidley wove a zipper over her mouth and pretended to throw away the key. “Not a peep!”

“Excellent.” Sidmere returned a proud smile. “Then let us be on our way.”

The theatre was enormous, the ceiling reaching up so high she could hardly see all the way up. On both sides of the chamber were balconies, decorated by columns and curtains. She could only imagine the view from them.

“Oh wow!” Nidley crooned, rolling onto her back and hanging from her Master’s shoulder, looking up like she could see the very heavens above.

The whole room was bright red and trimmed with gold, and at the front of it all stood a tall wooden stage. She couldn’t see much, a large curtain covered most of it, but beneath Nidley could see feet rushing around behind it.

Sidmere walked to their seats with the Kniv perched on his shoulder. The whole time Nidley scurried on his shoulders rushing to take in everything of the majestic hall.

As they took their seats, Nidley looked around as the other people too took their seats. Suddenly, she felt a cold shiver, and a mild discomfort between her legs. “Master? Is there…” Before she could say another word, Nidley watched a swarm of people entering the hall. She grew nervous seeing a crowd of people that she could easily get lost among. “You know what - nevermind.”

“Is something troubling you?” Sidmere raised an eyebrow. “If there is best you say it now.”

“It’s fine.” She waved it off and sat down atop his shoulder. “It’s not too bad.” She whispered to herself.

The crowds entered and the theatre filled up fast. Before long every seat was taken and the roars of conversation echoed to the high ceilings. There were discussions and speculations among people around her - who would be the stand out actor? Would this be as good as the performance they saw the week before? - things of that nature.

That all changed shortly after, as the theatre lights dimmed and the conversations became nought more than murmurs. The only light left burning was right above the stage, drawing everybody’s attention to it.

“GOOD EVENING, ONE AND ALL!” A tremendous voice boomed through the chamber. “I HOPE YOU ARE ALL SITTING COMFORTABLY FOR TONIGHT’S PERFORMANCE.”

Finally, this was it - The moment Nidley had been waiting for. Her first live performance.

For the first twenty minutes, as the pompous men on the stage introduced themselves and the story that they would be telling, Nidley sat as quiet as a mouse atop her Master’s shoulder. Every word, every half-witted joke that conjured a chuckle or two, and every gag, she listened to, her legs crossed and her head resting in her hands.

Everything was fine, but as the play went on, her thoughts slowly began to stir and by the twentieth minute, the little Kniv had lost any focus she previously had on watching the antics on the stage. Instead, she was whisked away by thoughts of water stirring inside her, rocking her stomach and finally calling out with a quivering between her legs.

Her mind had wandered down to her bladder, now that all the juice that she had slurped down before the show was settling in her lower tummy, finding a comfortable place between her thighs. A small-sized cup for a human was still a fair-sized cup for her, and Nidley could quickly feel herself filling.

I shouldn’t have drunk all that juice! She thought to herself regretfully. As they say in the Knivish tongue, the young Kniv was feeling the urge to “Water the plants!”

The crowd erupted in audible laughter as a rotund maiden’s skirt split, much to the dismay of the two actors beside her. Nidley paid it no mind as she was drawn to her own embarrassing issue; one that if she couldn’t relieve herself of would be much more humiliating than a tear down her dress. For now, she had no choice but to endure it.

She could wait until intermission. For now she just had to make herself comfortable and avoid drawing any attention to herself. She wiggled herself along Sidmere’s shoulder and cozied up beside his ear. She wrapped her legs together, tightening them, the feeling of moving her muscles stirring her bladder and shaking her, making the Kniv grimace as each jiggle of her thighs brought the desires of her bladder to the front of her mind.

From all of her wiggling, her bladder retaliated, rocking her with a wave of desperation and sending a wave of sudden discomfort shooting through her body.

I must endure it, at least until the intermission. She told herself, reinforcing her will.

A few more minutes had passed, but for Nidley it felt like a whole hour had passed. She could only ignore the blistering pain welling between her legs for so long. She hunched up, closing her legs and crossing them, pressing her heels beneath her dress and up against her Knivhood. There was a tickle of soft cotton against her lips, and in shame, Nidley found it quite pleasurable. It brought some relief from the cumbersome urges, but she could feel them growing with a burning intensity with each passing second.

I can’t hold it for much longer! She huddled up, her whole body quivering.

Soon, the desires, the waning strength, the bulging in her lower tummy, it got to be too much. Not even the weight of her heels pressing against her Knivhood could quell her bladders desire for watery relief any longer. Nidley huffed a grouchy sigh. She had grown desperate enough to ponder tugging on her Master’s collar and asking, no, begging, if she could be excused to relieve herself, but to see Sidmere so enthralled in the play deflated that idea in an instant.

Instead, Nidley whimpered, rocking back and forth to ease herself. She buried her head in her knees, seething with frustration as her bladder swelled, persisting with its desire for relief, refusing to hold back the flood with sheer will alone. Her Knivhood, winced, protesting her refusal to pester Sidmere during his show.

It’s just a little longer! Five minutes at the most! I can hold it for five more minutes! Once intermission comes, I’ll ask Master if we can go to the lavatory. Nidley pushed her hands into her heels and resumed watching the play unhindered with a moody glare.

“Perhaps thou shalt look more appealing to our lady with some make-up!” A man in a wig with a pompous accent jested, his voice booming over the chuckling audience.

The audience erupted in laughter as he produced a pie and slammed his friends face into it, covering the poor lad in cream. The laughter grew; Sidmere too, chuckled at the antics of the on-stage duo, which did Nidley no pleasure as the Kniv was jostled up and down on his shoulder like a ship in a storm.

She groaned, the contents of her little bladder sloshing and swirling wildly like a drunks tankard. It caused her great discomfort, an agony unlike any she had known that left her whimpering. She bit down on her lips and hissed, tightening her hold on her Knivhood. With her tail, she wrapped herself around a strand of Sidmere’s hair and steadied herself until the comedic antics had ceased.

Five more minutes, five agonizing minutes that felt as if they had no end, and finally, like a single drop of teetering dew atop a leaf had fallen, Nidley felt her resolve slowly trickle away under the weight of her bladder. The discomfort was too much, the pain that sent shivers throughout her body made it feel as if she was carrying the weight of the ocean in her tiny bladder.

Nidley could only bite down on her lip, pressing her fangs against her lips and whimpering. She squeezed her heels deeper against herself, grabbing at herself with her fingers too. It was all hands on deck, anything to ensure that she would not flood her gown.

Right now, the Kniv knew she wouldn’t make it to intermission, that one brief moment of weakness where it felt as if an accident was inevitable had undone her. It was all she needed to muster the courage to call for her Master’s attention.

With his dark hair, and expressionless visage, Sidmere looked a truly fearful beast in the shadow of the halls.

Like a shy child quivering at the hands of an intimidating beast, Nidley struggled to take the first step for his attention. She slowly got to her feet, her legs quivering. They felt heavy, like she would collapse. After a deep breath, Nidley raised her tail slowly and with a gentle tap, signalled for Sidmere’s attention. “M-Master?” She squeaked, tapping his cheek again. “Master?”

He swatted away her tail as if it were a fly. That was not enough to deter Nidley, who persisted in begging for his attention. Finally, he looked over his shoulder and with a merciless glare, placed a finger over his lips and gestured for the Kniv to be quiet.

“It’s important.” She whispered, tugging on his ear. “R-Really important.”

Sidmere sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose, as he often did when frustrated. “Your vow of silence Nidley - Honour it.” He whispered and returned to watching the play.

Nidley huffed, crossed her arms and bore her fangs in a childish protest. Being scolded, especially when she desperately needed his attention frustrated the Kniv to no end. She sat back down, legs crossed and glared at nothing, grasping herself, fingers deep between her knickers, to keep her bladder at bay.

Out of spite, she pondered squatting down, pulling her knickers aside and relieving herself on his shoulder. That would’ve made her point well enough - having a stream of hot pee dripping down his precious dress jacket.

She knew that her Master was not one to be easily distracted during a performance, but right now, as she felt her faucet slowly turning, tightening around her belly, the Kniv knew she had no choice.

Courtesy of her contract with Sidmere, Nidley was to obey anything she was told. Right now, she was to honour the vow of silence she had promised her Master. That meant there was not to be a peep from her. If she was to get her Master’s attention, she would need to do it without uttering a word.

Then, a moment of inspiration struck. It may have been the best idea the Kniv ever had. If she could not speak, then she would simply draw out what she was trying to say. Her Master may have prohibited her from speaking, but there was no rule to say she could not use her illusions and manifesting magic to draw out what she so desperately needed him to know.

As the old adage goes: True words are spoken from the heart. And right now Nidley’s heart wanted nothing more than to pee.

She climbed up to her feet, only to be caught off-guard by a surge of desperation that shook her whole body and caused her to tremble at the knees. She grimaced, teeth grinding and squeezed her thighs together until it subsided. Ignoring it, that was all she had to do for now. Channelling a faint trace of magical energy, her tail began to glow a lowly purple.

As magical energy took a users body and their strength to channel it, that meant Nidley was not fully committed to holding herself, and she began to feel it fast. She could feel herself growing weak. Through the flaring of her magic rushing through her veins, there again was the burden of her bladder bulging between her legs, calling her, begging her, urging her to pee. Nidley thought nothing of it, and through the shakes and unending pain, gritted her teeth and focused solely on her magic.

Like an artist painting on a canvas, Nidley flicked her tail against the air, the tip leaving a line of glowing magical energy. It hung in the air, glowing a dim purple. She drew a glass first, followed by a large pitcher of water above it that filled the tiny glass. She painted quickly, spurred on by desperation. The glass overflowed as she painted the water spilling from the pitcher into it, pouring endlessly.

Again, She pulled on her Master’s ear fiercely, and when he glanced down, Nidley pointed frantically to the image she had drawn hanging in the air. Please get it! She begged, but alas, Sidmere scowled and brushed away the image with a wave of his hand. It dissolved in the air, particles of magical energy slowly raining over the Kniv and fading away. “Now is not the time for games, Nidley.” He whispered.

She scowled, tail lashing in anger. She conjured more magical energy against the protest of her bladder, and tried again. This time she created a small bush and hovering above it was a mighty rain cloud, drenching the poor little bush in a mighty shower.

The drawing, much like her first was, was tantalising, the faint glowing picture was enough to tease her bladder to the point of bursting. A bush being watered by a stream of water. What she wouldn’t give to be the one doing the watering.

Tapping Sidmere on the shoulder, Nidley began frantically pointing at her picture. “Hmm…” She muttered, unable to speak.

Again, her Master shook his head and waved away the image. “We can discuss the weather during the intermission.”

Nidley shook her head, steaming from her ears. Neither picture had worked, and for the third try she knew she would just have to be blunt. So much for subtlety. A commode, she’d just have to draw it, one of those strange bowls humans sat on to do their dirty deeds. Again, her tail swished through the air, painting with magical energy.

As she tried to draw the toilet, a striking twinge from her bladder struck Nidley with a fierce burning that welled up between her thighs. “Umm…” She hissed, biting down on her lip and crossed her legs, again squeezing her thighs and hobbling up and down desperately. Her thoughts now lingered on how desperately she needed to pee, it clouded her mind, completely dominating her thoughts, but she finished.

For the final time, she pressed her tail against Sidmere’s cheek and poked at him for his attention. This time he ignored her, and steaming at the ears, Nidley started stamping on his shoulder and pulling at his collar. “Hmmmm!” She muttered angrily. “Hmmmmm!”

He glanced out of the corner of his eye, and leaping on that chance, Nidley began frantically pointing at her painting. “What is it?” He furrowed his brows in angry curiosity.

“Hmmm!” Nidley turned to look at her illusion and upon seeing what she had truly drawn, leapt and fumed up, steaming with anger.

It was not a toilet, but rather a bunch of purple scribbles hanging in the air. What she thought to be an illustration for the toilet was actually just a jumbled mess of scribbles like a finger-less child had been set loose on a canvas.

But it worked. Finally, realizing this would continue until she was free to speak, Sidmere gave her permission to speak. “Make it quick. What do you have to say?” He uttered angrily.

She could speak again! And not a moment too soon. The Kniv waddled to her Master’s ear, keeping her tail tucked between her legs. “I n-need… to do a dirty thing.” She whispered like a whimpering child, hobbling on foot. “You know… w-watering the plants.” She slid down to her knees, squeezing her legs together and pushed the length of her tail against herself.

Upon hearing those words, Sidmere’s eyes shot up and finally he took some notice of why the Kniv had been desperately vying for his attention. Still, he showed little sympathy to her plight, and rather showed frustration, rubbing the bridge of his nose and exhaling.

The calm, focused stare of a man who was not just watching, but analysing every moment of a rousing theatrical performance was now the glare of a man rattled by an easily-avoided inconvenience.

The tip of his finger started to glow and Sidmere flicked it against the air, writing subtly to avoid drawing attention. “I warned you not to drink that whole glass. You should’ve gone before the play started.” He wrote out with magical energy.

More magical energy, the thought made Nidley grimace. “I didn’t have to go then.” She replied, spelling out her own words with a swish of her tail. “Can I please be excused?” She continued frantically swishing her tail to spell out the words as quickly as she could. Each second channelling magical energy was another second she was growing weak at the knees.

“It is poor manners to get up during a performance.” Sidmere scowled as he wrote out the words. “Can you not wait until intermission?”

“No.” She replied, and as if her bladder knew, a violent twinge shook her legs, the pain was so great she bent over in pain, grasping between her legs. “P-Please, Master… I’m about to have an accident here. I’ll be quick, I promise.” This time she could not write out the words.

Sidmere gave in, but not without showing his frustration. He buried his head in his palm and took a breath deep enough to interrupt the lady beside them. He flexed his hand, his finger still glowing. “Very well, but be quick.”

“Thank you!” She out spelled out her gratitude and encased it within a large drawn heart. Seeing those words filled her with undeniable glee. Without pause, she shot up from her Master’s shoulder and let her wings carry her over the audience and back out into the corridors.

There was only one problem, and it had not occurred to her until now. Nidley stopped and looked up and down the corridors. With a whimper, she froze and remembered. “W-Where even is the lavatory?”

The corridors did nothing to help Nidley navigate. For a few minutes, the Kniv wandered hopelessly, flying through the air with her tail tucked tightly between her legs. “Where’s the lavatory?” She cursed, puffing out her cheeks.

There was only so much aimless wandering Nidley could do before she started searching every room she passed.

“Toilet?” The first room was not a toilet.

“Commode?” The second room she found was not a commode.

“Pee-Place?” The third room was not that either.

None of the rooms she peeked into were the lavatory, and after so long Nidley was struggling to even keep herself up with her wings. The strain on them was heavy, like she was being weighed down. She could only fly so far before her wings started to beat wearily and she needed to rest.

The Kniv found herself in the dining hall that she and her Master had come into for dinner before the performance. She landed on the stairwell, perching herself on the banister and pressed her butt down to stifle the twinges between her thighs. “Umm~” She sighed, shifting her cheeks across the polished wood. “I need to go~”

She surveyed the hall from her little position, scouting for the lavatories, but still she couldn’t see them. “Ooh, why are they so hard to find?” Nidley huffed.

And then, she had quite the sinful idea, one that made her little cheeks burn up. Since the dining hall was empty, Nidley pondered finding something she could use as a lavatory. A plant or maybe even an unattended bottle. She could do her dirty deeds in either and dart off before she could be seen.

Right now, she couldn’t even keep herself in the air for long and it was only going to get worse for her. “Surely I could be forgiven right?” She pondered, the tip of her tail scratching her chin. And then, she saw something gleaming in the dining hall. “Or better yet…” She grinned, baring her fangs. “I don’t have to be forgiven if nobody sees me~”

Two tall silvery glasses sat on a silver tray, and beside them a tremendously-sized bottle of that strange stuff human’s liked to drink. Nidley could never remember the name. But one of those tall glasses, with the bottle of drink to conceal her would be perfect.

It was the perfect crime. It would be just like back home in Fort Victoria - Whenever nature called and she couldn’t make it back to her chambers, she scampered into the nearest plants and slyly squatted down to do her business in the soil instead.

It wasn’t one of those strange bowls humans did their dirty business in, but Nidley didn’t care. Not that she would’ve cared; she was too small to use those bowls anyway, and the last time she had attempted to use one she had almost fallen in, having lost her footing as she squatted at the edge of the seat.

“I guess the glass will do.” She shrugged. “I just have to be zippy-quick~” She giggled mischievously.

She spun around, scouting out the hall and making sure nobody was around to witness her uncivilized use of the glass. She couldn’t see a soul in sight, though she did hear sounds coming from the kitchen; a few pans rattling and the screams of a very angry man. That didn’t matter to her, and it didn’t worry her as long as nobody came out.

She spread her wings and zipped over the tables, flying toward the silver tray. Since nobody was around, she was free to prepare herself beforehand; already Nidley had lifted her skirt and propped it up with her arms, uncovering her bare thighs and a peek of her white frilly knickers. A stray breeze caught her beneath the dress and the Kniv giggled as it tickled her thighs.

Flying down and hovering herself over the glass, Nidley snapped her fingers and vanished her knickers. With her nether-reigions exposed beneath her dress, she lowered herself and plopped down on the rim on the rim of the glass. A fang-baring grin adorned her face… until the cold frosted glass greeted her bare backside and Nidley, unsuspecting of her little rose meeting such a cold surface, hopped up and grasped her round, numbed cheeks.

“Gaah! C-C-Cold! C-Cold butt.” She yelped, her teeth chattering. She could feel just how blue her peachy little cheeks were. Her long white gown fell back down and covered her up. Angry, the little Kniv spun around and scowled at the glass, baring her fangs in an attempt to intimidate it.

The glass returned her scowl through its frosted reflection.

After a moment to prepare her butt for the freezing trial ahead, Nidley tried again. She dropped her seething scowl, sighed and again hiked up her dress. “You won’t be so cold when I’m done with you, you dumb glass.”

This time the rims icy cold welcome didn’t bother her. She rested her butt on the rim, straddling the glass between her legs to balance herself. The chill of the glass made her palms grow numb. She wiggled her butt and shimmied herself backward, giving her spout enough room so she wouldn’t dribble over the glass.

Her long white gown fluttered down and covered her up. “Okay~” She mumbled. Nidley relaxed, straddled the glass even tighter and gave her bladder a gentle push. But before the first drop could even dribble, the tray began to rattle.

Suddenly, Nidley started jiggling. Her whole body was shaking against her will, and it played havoc with her bladder. The little Kniv seethed, biting into her lower lip. The whole tray was rattling, the glasses, the bottle, the silverware, it rattled and danced, shaking around the tray.

It didn’t take her long to realize the cart was moving, but she had realized it too late and the sudden jolt as it moved into motion was enough to knock Nidley off the bottle and onto the silver tray. She landed with a heavy clank, her bare arse raised in the air. “Oww~” She moaned, rubbing her cheeks.

“So this is to go up to Lord Donnecker in the balconies?” A young girl asked.

Nobody had noticed her yet, the tall bottle had concealed her. Nidley cheered, she was free. For now. She hid herself behind the bottle of dizzy juice and peered up, sighting a young girl dressed like the servants she had seen earlier.

“Indeed it is.” An older gentleman replied. “Lord Donnecker enjoys a glass of frosted champagne during the intermission. Have these glasses been cleaned and frosted adequately?” He asked, his voice pretentious and droll, like all the fancy people she had seen tonight. “My Lord will not tolerate mediocre refreshment.”

The cart again started moving, and Nidley found herself moving through the halls. She grumbled, lashing out at the steel with her tail. This isn’t exactly what she desired and to make matters worse the rattling of the cart was shaking her bladder. Every second she winced as the stuttering silver shook her water around, making her legs quiver.

It had already dawned on the desperate Kniv that she couldn’t do it here. She couldn’t do anything while that girl was there. It had been a stroke of pure luck that they hadn’t noticed her sitting atop the glass with her bare butt dangling over it like it was a commode.

And then, inspiration struck. If Nidley could not move while the girl was there, then she’d simply need to move her instead. Again, her talent for illusions would be useful. With her hands… between her legs, she’d again rely on her tail for casting.

With a swish, she channelled a small amount of magical energy to the tip of her tail. Under the stress of the gathering magic, Nidley began to tremble, her whole body seized and she was forced to stop channelling by a violent twinge up her Knivhood. “T-This is getting harder to do…” She said with a grimace, biting her lower lip.

With a flick, the Kniv summoned the illusion of a small rat from her magical energy. The bushy little creature came to life and immediately scuttled up to her. Nidley reached out and gave her summon a kind pat on the head. “Okay, little fella, your creator has a very important task.” She paused, again seizing up. She wrapped her tail around herself and squeezed her thighs together. “Y-Your Master really needs to do d-dirty things, and I need you to jump from this cart and give that human the scare of a lifetime.”

Understanding its Master’s command, the rat squeaked and without hesitation leapt from the cart. It landed and began to scurry around the girls legs.

A loud shrill squeal that captivated pure terror sundered the corridors. “R-RAT!” The girl yelled. “R-R-RAT!” She continued to scream.

“Good job, my pet!” Nidley said gleefully, grinning. “Now go scuttling off down the hall and get that silly human to chase you.”

She heard the pitter-patter of quick feet escape along the floor. “It’s heading for the dining hall!” The girl screeched, and with it, she followed, calling for the Chef.

With the server out of the picture, Nidley could finally escape. The plant was just a few feet ahead. Nature’s commode, doing it there would just be like doing it back home. She sighed, her tail waving from side-to-side. Not long until she could relieve herself now.

With her wings spread, Nidley leapt from the cart and darted toward the plant pot. She was bursting, close to the point of going in her gown. She didn’t even have time to properly land and instead relied on the soft soil to cushion her fall. With a little yelp, the Kniv fell face first into the dirt.

She had been lucky enough to vanish her evening wear during the jump, but that came at a price. Nidley shuddered, feeling another dribble from her spigot. That small doing of removing her dress had been more magical energy than her body could bear and her Knivhood quivered. Her lower lips twitched and a spurt of hot pee shot out into the palm of her hand, soaking her fingers. “Ooooh~” She whimpered, sinking her fingers between her dripping lips.

This was her limit, she could feel it. Her lower lips were quivering feverishly. She felt like she couldn’t contain herself any longer. Thankfully for little Nidley, the Motherling was watching over her during this bout of pee-holding as the Kniv had been lucky to find herself concealed in the large thick shrubbery of a potted plant.

Peering out from the leaves, Nidley saw the grand hall where she had come in. It was deserted, and under the cover of this tree, she had finally found somewhere private she could relieve herself. “Haa~ Motherling smile upon me.” She cried with joy.

This was it, finally. She hunkered down beneath the leaves, patting the soil to flatten it out, a Knivish habit that was yet to curb since living among humans. Though she had seen the many advancements humans have made, Nidley was not one above squatting down and leaving a warm damp patch in the soil. The feeling of the soft soil between the toes, the earthy smell, the gentle dance she’d do as she squatted down, it all reminded her of home.

She closed her eyes, imagining herself home in the forest. It was just like being under the shade of a giant tree once more and Nidley never thought she would feel nostalgic for peeing beneath a tree. Again, she wiggled her backside and relaxed, letting the metaphorical spigot turn.

“IT WENT INTO THAT PLANT!” A girl screamed. “IT’S IN THE PLANT!”

Suddenly, Nidley opened her eyes, panic and confusion engulfing her. “W-What?” She panicked, hopping up to her feet and covering her nethers with her tail. "I wasn't about to pee, I swear!"

The rat she had summoned earlier had returned to her, and even worse it had brought some friends along with it. Before she could say anything, Nidley saw movement in the hall.

“WHERE IS THAT FILTHY RAT!?” A loud man with a thick accent screamed. “I’LL CRUSH IT AND SERVE IT TO THE PEASANTS!”

A large object came bearing down on the plant and without time to think, Nidley knew she had to get out of there. She could see the man was holding something long, like the handle of a broom and she didn’t wish to become a pancake.

“IT’S IN THE PLANT!” The girl continued to panic. “G-GET IT! CRUSH IT!”

The man brought down his mighty weapon atop the plant, crushing it. Nidley couldn’t quite see what he was wielding, but if it was a broom he had struck it with power. The whole plant was almost crushed, leaves and dirt raining through the air. If she had been there in the middle of that, she would’ve been more than a Kniv pancake.

She spread her wings and flew upward, toward a ledge that housed the bust of an old grouchy looking man. Her little heart was racing, sweat was dripping down her face. Somehow neither the fear or desperation had undone her, and the Kniv kept herself nice and dry.

She landed atop the ledge, wiped a bead of sweat from her forehead and took a deep breath. She may have been on the verge of soiling herself, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t appreciate that she hadn’t been flattened.

“I t-think you got it.” The girl said calmly, the first time she had been calm all night.

“Of course I got it!” The man replied proudly. “I will not have filthy rats in my kitchen or my halls! Come on! We’ve got to get another serving of Champagne ready!”

And just like that, her hopes of relief had been crushed just like the plant she so desperately wished to water. With a sombre scowl, Nidley looked down at the plant, fidgeting at the thought that it would remain dry until the end of time.

Right now, she had to make herself decent. She again snapped her fingers and re summoned her evening wear, but this time Nidley succumbed to the fatigue that came with spellcasting. Just as she had praised herself for staying dry, she felt another quiver between her legs and her bladder trembled under the weight of weakness.

A spurt of pee came gushing from her Knivhood, dampening her freshly-summoned knickers. “Aah~” Nidley whimpered, pressing her thighs together and rubbing them feverishly against one another, frowning at the feeling of a fresh spurt of pee now dribbling down her bare legs. It had been such a mighty spurt that not even her knickers could contain it.

She was teetering right on the edge of soiling herself, like she was balancing a glass of water that had been filled to the rim. It would wobble and a few dribbles would escape but for now the glass itself had not spilled. That’s what it was like for the Kniv and her poor bladder.

Under her crushing desperation, Nidley had another bout of inspiration. She snapped her fingers and grinned, showing off her fangs to the ugly stone bust. She was full of ideas tonight, almost as full of them as she was with pee, and that was quite a bit.

“I hope you don’t mind~” She said to the stone bust, which said nothing in return. “But I’m going to do something behind you… nnnothing bad, I promise.” She smiled and petted the bust’s nose.

Again, the bust said nothing.

Nidley rushed around the back of the bust, hands fiddling with the hem of her dress until she could get it hiked up. “Ooh~ Have to pee~ Have to pee~” She was just about to squat down and pull her knickers aside when the ledge began to quake. There was a loud bang that trembled the walls and ledges violently.

“W-Woah!” Nidley yelled, letting go of her dress and tumbling forward. The tremors kept quaking beneath her little feet and she couldn’t stop herself. Nidley fell forward, toward the edge of the ledge, nearly going over it.

Before she could fall, the Kniv managed to wrap her tail around one of the railings holding the ledge up. “O-Ow!” She cried, her whole body jostled by the shock of grasping to the railing. “Uhh~” She continued to whimper, feeling the content of her bladder slosh around as she rocked in the air. “What on earth was th- eep!”

People. A whole crowd of them appeared as if from nowhere, travelling down the corridor toward the dining hall. The air rumbled with droll conversation and Nidley couldn’t even hear herself think.

“Gah!” Nidley puffed out her cheeks and huffed furiously. “Why do you humans always show up when I’m about to pee?”

She was too tired to lift herself up. Her bladder had such a stranglehold on her body that she couldn’t even keep her tail wrapped around the wall for too long. It was a tremendous strain, and even though the rest of her body trembled from weakness, all Nidley could focus on was her bladder, nibbling at the air as agony soared through her.

She knew she couldn’t do it up here now. Any hope of a discrete little pee beside this ugly stone bust was right out of the window. Slowly, she could feel her tail unravelling like a knot of twine. She hissed, baring her fangs at the crowd who paid her no mind, not that they even noticed she was up there, dangling by her tail.

Right now, with her tail unravelling, Nidley just had to hit and hope. Somewhere discrete, somewhere dark, somewhere where she could not be seen while doing her dirty little deed, that was all she needed. And it would start with her braving that tremendous crowd beneath her.

This was going to be it. She just needed to hold herself through this last little ordeal. Nidley sighed, took the deepest breath she possibly could and unravelled her tail, letting herself descend on the theatre-goers. “Coming through!” She yelled down to the people below her as her wings spread out and she took flight.

It was like navigating a rampaging ocean of petticoats and evening wear, the rampant waves the theatre goers who descended upon the hall like a tsunami. Her wings couldn’t lift her as well as she had expected and Nidley found herself flying as if she had a weight around her stomach, tight and constricting her, pulling her down to the ground. She bobbed up and down, struggling to lift herself any higher than the crowd.

The strain was too much and Nidley again felt herself break. With the quietest of squeaks, she braced for another leak. Only this was not just a leak; leaks were sudden, they lasted not even a second. This was a stream, a small rush of pee that lasted at least two seconds, spattering against the yellowish fabric of her undies.

“Haa~” Nidley cried, trapped between sweet relief and shame.

But that little undie-wetter was not the end of it. A second, smaller dribble escaped, leaking into her already damp knickers and embracing her quivering knivhood with a little soggy smooch.

Suddenly, while distracted by the vile feeling between her thighs, Nidley flew right into a passing gentleman. “Wah!” She screamed, throwing herself right and narrowly avoiding his thick moustache. The sudden shock caused a loss of control and again a hot spurt flooded her knickers. “I’m sorry!” She called back... only to narrowly avoid striking another passing man square in the monocle. “Ah! Apologies!” She kept calling.

The crowd seemed endless, and wherever Nidley flew to avoid somebody, she found another person inches from colliding with her. “Coming through! Excuse me! Sorry! Passing by!” She said frantically to each passing person.

With each passing gentleman spouting curses at the passing Kniv, Nidley felt another spurt. They kept coming, small, wet spurts, each growing larger than the last and with no way for the Kniv to contain them. Her knickers were beginning to feel wet and heavy, like she had already relieved herself in them. The smell too was growing, a fresh scent of pee that mixed in the air.

Suddenly, she felt a dribble creeping down her legs and dripping from the heel of her foot. “Wah!” She screamed, her cheeks growing hot at the idea that she was leaking onto those poor people.

At the back of crowds which she braved and passed, Nidley found respite - a small wooden door that had been left open. It was perfect, she could escape the crowds in there and if fate favoured her, find something to relieve herself in before it was too late. As quick as she could, she flew through the gap in the door.

She’d escaped the crowds, and with luck on her side, she’d escaped making her own knickers the commode she so desperately sought. At least not entirely, she was damp and leaking between her legs, but there was still some resolve left in her. With her wings batting weakly, Nidley hovered and landed on the floor.

“Hnnn~” She hissed, her bladder feeling heavy against her whimpering body.

She couldn’t keep her wings spread for more than a second. Even flapping them was enough to spur on her bladder, sending the urge to leak spiralling down between her thighs. Flying through that crowd had taken more out of Nidley than she’d like. All that moving and holding, the stress of navigating those crowds had left her weak. Trembling at the knees, she slid down to the floor, pushing herself against the floor.

“Uuuh~” The little Kniv whimpered, biting her lip. Her knickers were damp, soaked through with pee, as were her hands. “How did I make it through that crowd?” She looked down at herself, hands buried under her dress, the hem raised and exposing her thighs, as well as a peek of her knickers which were stained a pale yellow.

“I need to know where I am.” She said, lifting herself up to her feet. “Oooh~” She whimpered again, bending over and thrusting her hands between her legs to ease an uncomfortable quiver. She felt numb at the knees. It was difficult to walk, but she needed to continue.

With a small swish, she lit up her tail, lighting up the darkness. She was beside a large velvet curtain where a light shone through beneath it, illuminating a large room filled with all kinds of strange objects. Nidley didn’t know what they were, but they were flimsy, thin and resembled everyday items.

Behind the curtain, she heard footsteps. “Oh, and perhaps you expect me to proposition the Duke’s daughter!” A boisterous man boomed, his voice echoing through the empty air and rattling the hollow floors.

A crowd burst out in laughter, and it was that thunderous chortling that helped Nidley to realize where she was. “I must be behind the stage.” She took a few steps toward the curtain and peered behind it.

“Oh, why did I have to end up here?” She cried, wiggling her hips and pressing the tip of her tail up against her soft spot. “There’s nowhere to go back here~” A torn grimace of dimmed hope adorned her face as she spun around to take in the void backstage.

Nowhere for a sneaky Kniv to do the dirty deed. No commode, no cup, no plant. Nowhere. The lack of anything caused her lower tummy to tighten and she fell to her knees, clutching her Knivhood with all of her might. She just needed somewhere to hike up her dress and pee.

All the empty space taunted her bladder. Nidley squirmed, crossing her legs and pressing her thighs together. It had grown worse, far worse, and as she felt a terrifying twitch from her maidenly spout, a cold shudder shot up her back. She feared this may be it. “Ahh! I’m going to have to go in the corner!” She said, her voice breaking.

She had walked over to the corner, lifting the hem of her dress and thinking pleasant thoughts to cover the shame burning through her, but then out of the corner of her eye, Nidley spotted something. Something wondrous. Something that made her eyes sparkle.

Up on a table beside her, shining in the reflection of the stage light, Nidley saw a glass mug. It was just what she needed, and the sight of the small glass mug proved to be too much for Nidley. Her bladder gave out and the stray spurts that dampened her knickers became more frequent. She couldn’t contain herself any longer and with a face of horror, she knew that if she was not sat on that mug in the next few seconds it would be too late.

Without time to think, pee flooding her knickers, Nidley rushed to the mug, holding herself the entire way. “I’m leaking! I’m leaking! I’m leaking!” She kept whimpering, hoping that perhaps those words would be enough to spare her an accident.

There it was, right beneath her, a small glass mug that held all the hope she had left. Hovering over it, with her wings beating weakly, too fatigued to carry her, Nidley lifted up her dress and yanked down her knickers in a single motion. A few drops landed between her feet and stained the cloth of the table, but she didn’t care.

She landed atop the rim of the mug and plopped herself down, hovering her bare butt over it. She straddled the rim and pressed her feet against the table to keep herself steady and finally, after a night of insurmountable holding, Nidley felt the tremendous burden of her bladder relinquishing its grip on her.

The small dark space resonated with a shameful sound of splattering. Nidley gasped, her eyes widening as an oddly pleasurable numbness took her. It all happened in an instant, or that was how it felt as Nidley was whisked away by relief. Her mind had gone blank as dire pleasure numbed her, leaving only a tingling feeling.

The next few seconds melted into a single passing frame as if time had frozen. She knew nothing of anything around her. Nidley only knew a great sense of relief. “Haaa~” The quiet air grew louder, a muffled tinkling striking the side of the glass polluted the air. “Oooh~” The little Kniv moaned, wiggling her backside.

She felt warm, a blissful radiance shone through her as more and more of her pee spilled out into the mug, tinkling against the glass quite fiercely as her bladder hurried to empty itself. Nidley could not control herself, her frail quivering thighs could not stop the flood that ran from between her maidenly lips, sloshing into the glass.

She felt the hot sprinkling of pee against her bare thighs as her stream struck the side of the glass with force. The rising heat of her pee swirling around in the mug, rising up and warming her bare cheeks. Nidley giggled, feeling a naughty pleasure as her backside grew warm.

A long thirty seconds must have passed, but at last she felt her stream die to a trickle, a few stray dribbles plopped into the almost overflowing mug. Nidley spread her legs and glanced down between her thighs, admiring the ocean of steaming yellow she had produced.

The mug was almost overflowing, the pool of warm fluid must have been only an inch from her bare backside. When there was nothing left, and she was feeling gleefully empty, Nidley clicked her heels together and looked up with a gleaming expression of bliss on her face. “Haa~ I feel so much better~” She sighed, the whole ordeal had left her flustered and feeling short of breath.

“Gah! I’ve got nothing to wipe with…” She huffed and immediately remembered something. She lifted up her legs and kicked off her knickers. She held them in her hand and balled them up. The clean white cotton was now stained yellow and reeking of fresh pee. Nidley chuckled, knowing that at last she had an excuse to be rid of this invasive crotch cloth.

There was no way she could wear stained knickers back to the hall, and thankfully she had avoided getting any pee on her dress. There was only one use for them now. Nidley hopped down from the teapot and lifted the hem of her dress. She bent over and used her stained knickers to wipe herself.

“I won’t be needing you anymore.” She said gleefully as she wiped and once she was finished, she threw them away, watching them burn up in a small purple flame. “That feels great! It’s like my whole body can breathe again.”

All that was left now was for Nidley to vacate from the backstage and return to her seat. She flew out into the corridors, which were now empty again, and hurried back to the theatre.

Flying was such a joy now that she didn’t have to worry about her bladder. Nidley felt like she could fly for miles. She could fly around the great mountains and back, that was how good she was feeling, and the great mountains were no easy feat to a little Kniv.

She found her way back to the theatre with ease, flying through the dark aisles, looking up and down every seat until she found her Master. Quietly, she flew up behind him, tapping his ear with her tail and sat down atop his shoulder, grinning.

Sidmere looked down at her and with a gentle wave of his finger, began writing something out. “There you are.” He followed up his words with a disapproving tut. “You’ve been gone for a while.”

Nidley did not write out any words, but instead described where she had been to her Master, drawing a small flower being splattered by a stream of water from an unknown source, coupled with a poor drawing of herself, smiling blissfully.

The indecent image hovering before his eyes had Sidmere’s cheeks burning red. He rolled his eyes and brushed his hand through the air, dispelling the illusion before anybody else had a chance to see it. He said nothing more on the matter, considered it dealt with, and returned to watching the performance.

Nidley did too, crossing her legs and making herself comfortable. She grinned gleefully knowing she was rid of those awful knickers.

The rotund man from the start of the play walked on stage, in his hands he held a glass brimming with beer. “HERE WE ARE, THINE LORD. A BREW SERVED FROM THE FINEST TAPS IN THIS WHOLE LAND!” He offered his companion the mug, smirking brightly. “DO MAKE SURE TO SAMPLE IT ALL IN A SINGLE SIP!”

“Blegh.” Nidley stuck her tongue out. “Is he going to drink that vile stuff you humans call ale?”

“That’s what the Lord thinks.” Sidmere whispered with a sly smile. “But he is in for quite the surprise.”

And then, all the way back here, it hit Nidley as clear as a brick to the face. That glass mug - could it be?

She giggled and cozied up beside her Master, teeth showing with a devilish grin. “I think I know what’s about to happen.” She whispered.

*004*2020-03-07 03:49

{{On 3/4/2020 at 10:07 PM, Ms. Tito said:

He is about to consume the piss chalice.

}}

More like the piss flagon.

{{On 3/5/2020 at 4:32 AM, hollow32 said:

Omg this was an amazing story!

}}

Thank

*006*2020-03-07 14:44

{{10 hours ago, Ms. Tito said:

This story is amazing

}}

Thonk 3>

