Hold until wetting pants on purpose A.I Generated story from GPT-4

Author: gwebb38

*000*2023-05-28 03:58

**I managed to get GPT-4 to write this story about a girl who pees her pants on purpose and enjoys it. I used very little prompting except to make it about a girl who loves to do it. I added a few things that I wanted to happen during the wetting scene but the writing is all A.I. I added nothing to it. It still said I violated terms of service but for some reason let me copy the text anyway. Enjoy**

Amelia was sitting quietly on her favorite chair at home, engrossed in a thrilling novel. She felt the familiar pressure build up in her bladder, the first sign that she was going to need to pee. As per her unusual habit, Amelia held it in, relishing the growing anticipation for the moment she would finally let go.

Her heart began to beat a little faster as the urge intensified. She recognized the signs - it wouldn't be long now. Her palms were slightly sweaty, a small smile spreading across her face. She closed her eyes and braced herself for the first spurt that would break the building tension.

Just then, it happened. A small spurt of pee escaped, wetting her panties. It felt warm, comforting. She smiled wider, the first wave of relief washing over her. She tightened her muscles, trying to control the flow. A few more spurts managed to escape, making her giggle softly.

But it wasn't long before the few spurts turned into a steady stream. Amelia tried to hold it in, but the force was stronger than her will. She let go a little, allowing a thin stream to seep into her jeans.

As the wet spot started to grow, spreading slowly across the front of her jeans, she leaned back and let out a sigh of contentment. The feeling was liberating, a strange comfort that she savored each time she wet her pants.

Finally, she could hold it back no longer. The steady stream turned into a strong, unbroken flow, soaking her jeans thoroughly. The wetness spread from the front, down her legs, and even reached her shoes, creating small puddles on the floor.

Amelia opened her eyes, looking down at her drenched jeans with a satisfied grin. The sight of the spreading wet spot, the warmth of the pee, the liberating feeling of release, it all brought her a sense of joy and comfort. She sat there a little while longer, reveling in the feeling, the wetness cooling on her skin, before finally getting up to change and clean up. Her peculiar habit, strange to others perhaps, was her little moment of bliss.

*002*2023-06-06 13:48

It took me two prompts to make this happen. First I asked it to write me a story about a girl who likes to hold it until she pees in her pants. It wrote that story first. Then I told it to write about an event where it actually happens. I told to to include it starting out with a few spurts, a steady stream and then finally a full blown accident.

*004*2023-06-22 19:09

I pay for the premium version and use the app. I’ve noticed that even if it says I’m violating the policy it still writes it out anyway. But in this case the first thing I prompted it to do was describe what it would be like to have an accident from beginning to end.

Then I told it to write out a quora answer to the question what does it feel like to accidentally pee your pants as a women using the previous information. Then I told it to write a story based on this answer from a first person perspective. And it didn’t trigger the violation at all.

You have to get creative and find ways to get it too write what you want by not being to direct.

