Kimiko's Diaper Dare

Author: Guest Noodle

*000*2017-05-31 22:19

@@Kim sighed while flicking her long black hair out of my face. Jo, Leah and Kevin watched anticipating which paper she would pick out of the jar of embarrassment. There are only a few rules for the jar of embarrassment it involves a choice, nothing life threatening and once all of the dares are completed everyone votes for one the one which a person must do again. There were four papers one written by each person. It was a game we as a group loved to play. Kim picked first then Leah, Kevin and Joe. Leah went first. "Roll the 2 dice and you must take off the number of clothes depending on the number and walk outside. If you run out of clothes we get to take 5 pictures and you must pose the way we want you to or you have to stand in the road for an hour" she read. She rolled a 8 and sighed knowing her fate. Her jumper came off then her top and skirt. She now only had a bra and underwear, socks and shoes. That is seven she counted after stripping completely. "Choose to go outside or let us take pictures" said Kevin a smile spread across his. "Pictures" replied Leah. "Spread your legs and show your face" said Kevin and she did as she was told. After he took all the pictures he sent it to the rest of us then we moved on to Kevin. "Send pics of your boobs if you are a girl or penis picks if you are a guy to your mom or dad" read Kevin. Reluctantly Kevin stripped his lower half and took a pic and sent it to his dad. He cringed as he pressed the send button. Joe laughed as he opened his dare "Kiss pick n mix." Jo had to choose a random name and kiss that person intensely. He picked out of the jar and read Kim. "I'll get the popcorn Leah" joked Kevin. His lips slowly touched mine, his tongue entered my mouth and entwined with mine. It felt good but I pretended to feel nothing. After it was over I could feel the tips of my ears going red. Leah cheered then told me to open mine. "Wear a super XL diaper to school while wearing tight jeans or wear a diaper now and pee in it and we can all video." Kim let out a deep sigh and attempted to get out of the situation. "Guys please don't do this it is inhumane." Kevin grabbed my arms while Leah yanked down my pants and underwear. Kim heard a click above it was handcuffs. They dragged me to a chair and tied my arms to the chair. Now all Kim could do was kick her legs. "Guys please stop" Kim cried. "As you broke the rules and rebelled I might as well strip your upper half as well" said Kevin and ripped off my top and bra. Now Kim was naked, Kim felt humiliated and looked at Joe who sat there not even attempting to help her. Leah walked over with a diaper and slipped it under her bottom then strapped it around Kim. She stepped back and set up a camera and pressed record. Leah and Joe watched while Kevin did the work. He walked over with a ver large water bottle and ordered me to drink. Kim refused but Kevin held her nose and forced the water into my mouth. With no chance to breath Kim gulped down the large amount of water. After Kim had finished he whispered in my ear that he had drugged it. To finish he opened my legs and threatened to give her laxatives if she dared to close them. After few minutes Kim felt a sudden large amount of pressure on my bladder. I think Kevin could tell as a smirk was slowly spreading across his face. Kim's legs began to shake as the effort to hold it in was becoming painful. Kim felt a spurt escape into the diaper and let out another plea. Kevin whispered something into Leah's ear and she nodded before passing on the message to Joe who had no reaction. Leah wrote something on a piece of paper and held it up.

PEE IN THE NEXT FEW MINUTES OR WE WILL GIVE YOU LAXATIVES AND SEND THIS VIDEO TO EVERYONE

Kim stared at the sign in horror but the mental blocks stopped her from peeing but eventually the strain was too hard and a hissing sound filled the room. The diaper slowly expanded and the room remained silent until she was done. When she was done she lowered her head in shame she wanted to run away. Her boobs were exposed and she had wet a nappy! Now it was time for the vote. "Lets say if Kevin is chosen he must send a picture to his Mom, Leah must strip and walk around the neighbourhood, Joe must Kiss 5 random people on the lips in the street that we choose and Kim will wear go on toilet ban or wear diapers when we go camping over the weekend tomorrow but first let's get cleaned up. Leah put on her clothes and I put on my spares as my top and bra were ruined. "Who votes for Kim potty pants?" asked Kevin as we sat in the voting circle. He raised his hand along with Leah and I knew my fate was decided. Kim attempted to escape but Kevin whacked her on the head knocking her out.

Kim opened her eyes slowly and looked beside her it was the evening of Friday she hadn't packed for camping tomorrow! She also felt a strong urge to relieve her bladder. Then she realised she was naked and unable to get up. She tried to get up but the strain caused her to we the bed at that moment her mother walked in and saw the disaster. "Your friends told me you have bladder problems and that they will fix them over the weekend when you go camping I have already packed your bags"

@@"I don't have problems Mum" replied Kim but her argument was useless due to her wet sheets. Kim having no choice showered and changed her sheets before going back to bed. She woke up early that morning this time dry. Stephe checked her belongings and headed out to the van where Leah, Kevin, Joe and Joe's twin Leo were waiting. Leo had been absent the day before as he had been sick but it seemed he had been updated on the news as he laughed and mocked her. Kevin and Leah sat in the two front seats but then before Kim could react Joe yanked down her skirt and clipped her into the middle seat that had a padlock. She sat between Joe and Leo. Then the long 6 hour journey began. 5 minutes in Kevin said "Kim if you wet or mess yourself you will wear nappies 24/7".The leather seats were hot and hurt Kim's bare legs but soon no one could bare it and the AC was turned on. They had McDonald's and there was a toilet break but Kim could not get out of her seat. 4 hours in Kim felt her stomach rumbling and her bowels became restless. She begged to use the toilet but Joe handed her a complicated equation to solve that would give her the answer to the padlock. Kim knew my that should couldn't answer it and begged to be freed. As they hit the rough country roads the car leapt up and down encouraging Kim's first log to peek through. Realising this Kevin sped over the bumps. Kim let out another yelp. As the first log escaped. The firm log pressed against her but and spread. "Guys I am about to poop my pants please..." Kim let out a loud noticeable wet fart then she couldn't stop. Then the poop triggered a natural pee that soaked her wet panties. All the evidence was on show as her white panties were stained yellow at the front and Kim was sure there was a brown stain. Kevin continued to speed over the bumpy roads causing the mess she had made to slide all over her bottom. After what felt like hours they arrived at the camp site. They undid the padlock and ordered Kim to stand outside while they unpacked the trunk. Passerbys and fellow campers pointed, mocked and some even took pictures. All Kim could do was stand in her messy panties and cover her red, puffy, tear stained face. After finding their part of the campsite they set up Kim still walking around awkwardly to avoid the mess slipping down her legs. A storm started so the helpers and runners of the campsite gave them a dorm with a kitchen bathroom and many rooms. They also made sure that the bathroom had a changing table. The team arrived and finally dealt with Kim.

"You lost the bet take of your pants and take a shower" ordered Kevin. Kim did as she was told and when she had finished she walked into the room naked and ashamed. She lay on the ground legs open for everyone to see and they strapped the diaper on her. "As punishment you will not get any pants" said Leah after pulling a top over her head. They had dinner and Joe put laxatives in her drink Kim drank it and found herself messing the diaper at the table. "Well done baby Kim" they all said giving her a pat to help her burp.

Hi I am new here and this is my first story I don't think it is very good so I am not going to continue.

