Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Origin Story; Gine & Fasha's Peeing Contest

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-28 17:40

Before Goku ever existed there was a time his Parents fought together in a Squad. Bardock's Squad were out during training in a deserted area to come up with new Tactics & Strategies for their next mission....

Bardock: Okay then everyone we need to come up with a plan for our next mission so any ideas.

Tora: Maybe we can try use a Surprise Attack on both sides of the enemy. You know 3 Saiyans on the Left and the other 3 Saiyans on the Right.

Bardock: Hmmm not a bad plan. Everyone what do you think?

Shugesh: I think we should try it

Toteppo: Yeah they won't see it coming. While we are at it we can give them another few punches.

Bardock: I'll think about it Toteppo. Gine what do you have a say in all this?

Gine: *Squirms* Well... I think... um... maybe we should... attack in the... eh! Air...

Fasha: Not a bad idea Gine but is there something bothering you?

Bardock: I agree with Fasha but seriously Gine are you feeling alright?

Gine: Thanks and it's just that... well... I have to go

Bardock: Oh I see...

Fasha: Come with me Gine I'll keep you company

Gine: Thank you. Please excuse us Bardock.

Bardock: Alright then just don't take too long.

Fasha: To be honest I had to go too but I have been holding it really

Gine: Really? How can you not squirm?

Fasha: I try not to think about it is all I did

Gine: Wow

Fasha: Okay we are far away enough from the squad so we can do it here

Fasha: Hey let's have a Peeing Contest

Gine: Huh!?

Fasha: Oh come on it will be fun. Let's see who pees the longest & has the strongest stream. You in?

Gine: Hmmm I don't know? Okay then let's do it since it's just us Female Saiyans

Fasha: That's the spirit

(Fasha pulls her spandex armor on her groin to the right & Gine pulls down her black leggings)

(Both Fasha & Gine stand up together to Pee in Position)

Fasha: Are you ready Gine?

Gine: *Nervously Talks) Ready

Fasha: Okay in 5, 4,

Gine: 3, 2,

Gine & Fasha: GO! *Both start peeing simultaneously*

Gine: Aaahhh yes that feels nice *sigh*

Fasha: Wooo oh yeah that feels so good

*Both of them are peeing with a straight stream with no problem*

Gine: *Continues Peeing* Woah Fasha I think your Pee looks stronger than mine!?

Fasha: *Continues Peeing* Nah I think yours look a bit more stronger

Gine: *Blushes* *still peeing* You think so?

Fasha: *still peeing* Yup *smiles* *stops peeing*

Fasha: Huh seems like you win

Gine: Yeah I'm still going *still peeing*

Fasha: (I'm thirsty)

(Fasha goes up front of Gine and squats to drink Gine's pee)

Gine: Fasha what are you doing!

Fasha: *drinking/chugging* I'm sorry I got really thirsty (continues to drink Gine's urine)

Gine: *still peeing* Fasha you're disgusting *chuckles*

(Gine's urine starts to slow down while Fasha is still drying to drink her urine every last of it)

Gine: *stops peeing* Woah I didn't know had alot in me

Fasha: *swallows* Aw that tasted bitter but actually sort of refreshing. Like I said before you won the contest.

Gine: *Laughs* Your a odd Female Saiyan you know that right?

Fasha: Well people always said that I was very odd *giggles* well let's get back to the squad I bet Bardock's mad that we took long

(Gine & Fasha walk back to their Squad)

Tora: Well you ladies took a while

Fasha: Shut it Tora

Bardock: Okay now since we are all here let's begin training of our Battle Plan for the next mission.

The Squad: Yes Sir!

Bardock & his Squad now begins training for their next mission. Gine & Fasha decided not to tell their comrades what went down with their Business.$$

*002*2017-10-08 14:06

{{9 hours ago, bibibibi said:

Hot!!!!!!

}}

I see that you enjoyed reading it

