Heavenly Desperation (Hazbin Hotel)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2024-01-26 08:11

(SPOILERS for "Hazbin Hotel S01E06 - Welcome to Heaven")

It all happened so quickly.

It's the golden rule of traveling, always use the bathroom before going on long trips.

But, Charlie threw me into the portal so quickly that I didn't get a chance to use the bathroom before we left.

And now we're in a very fancy hotel room, but I know it's all fake, just like everything else here is.

Our ensuite bathroom may look very fancy, but I know there's a fancy schmancy urine analyzer in that toilet. It will out me as a traitor the moment a single drop of my urine hits the bowl. I don't dare use it, I don't have to go that badly anyways.

To be fair, I don't really care if Heaven finds out. I'm more worried about how Charlie would react if she did...

She is so happy and excited to be here right now. I wish I could go to the zoo with her, I know that would make her extra happy, but I can't risk being noticed in public. I just told her to hug a koala for me.

###

KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK

Ugh, who could that be? Charlie didn't forget her keys again, did she?

Oh, it's Adam.

###

Oh fuck

Fuck fuck fuck fuck

FUUUUCCKKKKK!!!

Adam recognized me

And now he's threatening to tell Charlie if I don't tell her to drop her case. She'll be so devastated if she found out...

###

I can't deal with this right now, the court session is starting soon and Charlie needs me to help her win her case.

###

Oh gosh, I should've peed before I left. Judging by how all the important angels are here, this is gonna be a long court session and I already have to pee quite badly.

###

"Heavenly people, what more do you need to see?"

Ugh, it's getting hard to pay attention.

"The porn star chose a night of debauchery"

Luckily, it's easy to keep my legs crossed while I'm sitting.

"That's not a soul worthy of being in Heaven!"

But watching Angel Dust at the club and waiting for him to do something selfless is taking so fucking long.

"Um, objection!"

Aaaaaah, gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee!!! Just don't think about liquids Vaggie...

"Are you really telling me you've never had a drink with friends at the end of a hard day?"

Oooh, I just thought about liquids, ugh. Why'd you have to talk about drinking Charlie?...

"Uh, we don't have hard days. It's fucking Heaven, bitch!"

I'm having a fucking hard day right now. I couldn't help but grab my crotch.

"You seriously gonna sit there and pretend like this behaviour is okay?"

This is so embarrassing, I am holding myself like a child in this heavenly court. At least I can be subtle behind my desk.

"What do YOU think?" Adam asked me a question.

"I- uh- I- I have to go to the bathroom!" I responded like a coward, but I couldn't help it, I can't think straight right now.

I rushed out of my chair and rushed towards the exit.

"What, Vaggie? Can you hold it?!" Charlie asked.

The answer is "no" Charlie, I have to go NOW!

Nooooooooooo, all the exits are locked. Here I am, doing a potty dance in Heaven's court, trying to pull on all the doors. This is super embarrassing, I desperately need a toilet RIGHT NOW!!!

Shit, I just leaked. I jammed my hand back to my crotch and managed to stop it, but now my panties feel warm and damp...

My peehole is burning hot as hell, it really didn't like that I stopped myself from peeing.

FINALLY! An open door!

I burst through it as fast I can and hightail it to our room.

My throbbing bladder forced my jogging to turn into a hobble. I'm on the brink, I can feel my pee pushing at the edge of my hole...

Noooo, I'm leaking again! I stuff a hand back down to my crotch. This time, I can't stop it, my pee just keeps gushing out. But, at least it slowed down to a trickle.

I'm wearing a skirt, so that trickle of urine just goes straight to the floor. Hopefully, no one will notice the trail of urine I'm leaving on the floor...

Finally, I make it back to our room, my skirt is already wet, but I still have to pee badly.

I can see the streak of urine on the floor where I walked, at least it wasn't a puddle, it's harder for them to prosecute me for public urination without that evidence...

I sit down on the toilet and I let it all out, it feels sooooo good. I'm in heaven right now... Both literally and figuratively, it just feels that good to let it all out.

Then I feel the growing warm wetness on my crotch and I realize that I forgot to remove my skirt and panties...

Maybe Charlie was onto something when she packed dozens of clothes, knowing her, she probably helped pack a few of my clothes too. At least I hope she did, cause I sure didn't...

And I really need a change of clothes, my skirt and panties are drenched...

THE END

A/N: Surprise! Y'all get a bonus fic from me this week. This was just a stupid, spontaneous idea I got while watching the latest episode of Hazbin Hotel lol.

I am well aware that Vaggie saying "I have to go to the bathroom" was just a comedic way to get her to avoid answering Adam's question and that she almost certainly didn't actually have to pee. But ofc, after hearing that cute exchange between Charlie and Vaggie:

{{:

"I- uh- I- I have to go to the bathroom!"

"What, Vaggie? Can you hold it?!"

}}

The omorashi part of my brain started imagining this scenario: "What if Vaggie actually DID have to pee and couldn't hold it?" so I just had to write it down. I apologize if the quality is lower than what you're used to from my fics. Normally, I spend a lot more time fleshing out the details of my omo fic ideas, but I have a lot on my plate at the moment, so I told myself that I can't spend too much time on this so I didn't. The next chapter of All Day At Hexside will be posted as scheduled on Tuesday, I did not want this to interrupt that schedule.

*003*2024-01-29 04:14

{{14 hours ago, Kid_Omo said:

For some reason, the fact that Charlie asked "Can you hold it?" Made that so much more interesting.

}}

Good point, I think this is also the main reason why my Omo brain went crazy after watching that scene lol

{{13 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Same even though it's a short story. I think you did very well watching the episode. I was like She just threw her in there. And then when she talked about going to the bathroom I liked. It she actually need to use the bathroom. Or was it just because adam was trying to tell her secret

}}

Oh yeah, it's almost certainly because Vaggie was just trying to avoid the question and didn't actually have to pee.

But ofc, my imagination just had to imagine her being actually desperate in that scene.

