A desperate one-night stand

Author: gtg420

*000*2024-11-29 21:21

Chris’s friends may have left early, but the night wasn’t a total loss. He’d struck up a conversation with a cute redhead at the bar–and she'd started paying for all the drinks. The only hitch was the growing discomfort in Chris's bladder. He was several beers deep, and hadn’t pissed all night–but surely Ashley would have to go soon, and he could take that opportunity to relieve himself. He couldn't imagine excusing himself now, admitting to her that he couldn't wait. He was a grown man; he could handle it.

The bartender placed two more shots in front of them. Ashley gave Chris a wink.

“Think you can handle another?” she asked.

Chris laughed. “Sure, why not?”

“Two more pints, please,” said Ashley to the bartender. “Chasers, you know.”

The thought of downing another beer made Chris's bladder twinge. He was starting to realize that his body simply could not hold as much liquid as he willed it to; sooner or later, it would have to come out. He watched Ashley for signs of discomfort, but she seemed to be in no hurry. She’d been matching him drink for drink, though. Didn't women have smaller bladders? Shouldn’t she be just as desperate as him?

Ashley raised her shot glass and winked at him. Chris clinked his against hers and downed the shot. The warm liquid sliding down his throat was a painful reminder of his need. He felt the flush of liquor and his body shuddered momentarily. His bladder swelled against the waistband of his jeans, which were now far too tight, though they normally fit perfectly. He couldn't remember ever being this desperate to piss, aside from the time he got stuck in traffic on the way back from a baseball game and had to relieve himself into a Gatorade bottle. Ashley handed him his beer and put her hand on his leg, trailing her fingers to the inside of his thigh. Chris's muscles clenched. It was all he could do not to let a squirt of piss into his underwear.

“What do you say we chug these beers and get out of here?” said Ashley, her voice low and sultry. She leaned into him. Despite his urgent need, Chris felt himself growing hard. Ashley glanced down, smiled, and squeezed his leg. His dick jumped of its own accord.

“Alright, big boy,” she said. “Down it.”

Chris toasted Ashley’s raised beer and began to drink. As the liquid poured into him, he realized that there was no possibility that his body could hold it; he would have to find a way to piss before it reached his bladder, which was already pulsing with need. They would pass the toilets as they left. Surely Ashley would stop in. She'd told him she lived a half-hour subway ride away, and they'd both had several beers and a few shots besides. Any woman would need to piss by now. She must just be good at hiding it.

As soon as Chris finished, Ashley took his hand and began to lead him out of the bar. The sudden motion of standing made the weight of his bladder shift and for a moment he was sure he was going to lose it. Ashley was ahead of him, not looking back, so he reached down and pinched the tip of his dick through his jeans in a desperate bid to regain control. But, to his horror, Ashley walked quickly past the toilets and led him out the door. This couldn’t be. He was about to explode. If he didn’t piss now, it was going to happen in his pants. He thought about telling her he needed to rush back inside–but what could he say? Sorry babe, but I'm about to piss myself? A gust of wind hit them as they stepped onto the sidewalk, and Chris felt a tiny flurry of piss leak into his underwear. He shivered. Ashley put her arm around him as they walked to the subway station.

“You cold, babe?”

“Ah, yeah,” said Chris, trying to keep the panic from his voice. “Should've brought a jacket.”

“Aww, I'll keep you warm.”

They descended the stairs into the station–which was a fresh torture for Chris’s straining bladder–and stood waiting for the train. Ashley slipped her hand into his back pocket. His dick was half-hard, but he didn’t think that was enough to hold back the flood. All he could think about was the toilet at Ashley’s apartment and whether he could keep his dignity until he reached it. Thankfully, the train came after only a few minutes, and was mostly empty. They took a seat towards the back of the car. Ashley leaned against him, caressing his arm.

“You're so quiet,” she said.

“Sorry.” Chris laughed nervously. “How far's your apartment?”

“Can't wait to get there, hmm?”

“I really can’t,” said Chris. Oh, more than she knew. She slowly trailed her hand up his inner thigh towards his crotch. His muscles clenched, his bladder sending out urgent signals, his abdomen aching and tight. Another spurt fluttered into Chris's underwear. Nothing was showing on his jeans, yet, but he could feel the dampness, the fabric clinging tight to his dick.

“We'll be there soon,” she said.

All Chris could concentrate on was quelling the tides in his bladder. He’d never had to piss this bad in his life. Even when he'd used the Gatorade bottle, it hadn't been so painfully urgent–and he'd thought then that he was only moments away from pissing himself. He'd filled the entire bottle with his steaming, desperate urine, pissing endlessly as traffic inched forward around him, finally squeezing off the stream when the bottle was about to overflow. Though, to be honest, he’d had a little trouble with that. He’d let a long jet into his underwear when he tucked his dick back in, his bladder begging to fully empty itself.

At the rest stop later on, he’d blasted the urinal with the rest of it, the relief so overwhelming that it made him lightheaded. Thinking of how bad he needed that now made his bladder contract, and a hot spurt of piss escaped him–and then another, completely uncontrollable, slamming against the fabric of his briefs for a full second before he was able to stop. Chris looked down in fear, but thankfully his jeans were still dry. The subway began to slow. Ashley took his hand, and he realized how sweaty it was. So much for a good impression. At this point, he’d call it a success if sweat was the only liquid that poured involuntarily out of his body…

“This is my stop,” she said.

By some miracle, Chris managed to walk off the subway and onto the platform without another accident. His bladder sloshed and twitched and burned as he climbed the stairs, but the tides remained inside. They came out onto the street, and Ashley pointed towards a building on the opposite corner.

“I'm right there,” she said.

Relief was so close that Chris could barely stand it. He shifted from foot to foot as they waited for the traffic light to change, willing himself not to imagine the toilet. The sight of the bowl, the blissful feeling of pulling his dick out and letting go–oh, God, he hoped he could get it free of his fly before he started–no, no, it was going to come out, NOW. Chris bent at the waist, squirming as subtly as he could manage. Surely Ashley must realize something was wrong; he couldn’t stand still. But she said nothing. Finally, the walk signal came on, and Chris hurried across the street as fast as he could manage.

Ashley laughed, rushing up behind him. “Eager, aren’t we?”

Oh, God, yes. His need was so massive, but in a different way than she realized. He grinned weakly back at her. He would have to duck into the bathroom as soon as they got in, without explanation: he'd relieve himself of his awful burden, then lead her to her bedroom and lay her down, his attention finally focused on her.

“My roommate might be home,” said Ashley, as they came up to the door. Her keys were already out, no time wasted. “But don’t worry, she's cool.”

Her apartment was on the third floor, it turned out, and each step was agony. On the second-floor landing Chris squeezed his legs together as another shot of piss warmed his damp briefs. There was a dime-sized spot on his jeans, now, but he was so close to relief: surely he could hold it another few moments. Ashley unlocked her apartment door with appreciated efficiency, and led him down the hallway. All closed doors, and Chris desperately needed to know which one was the bathroom. But, instead, she pulled him into her room and started to shut the door.

“Uh,” said Chris, his hands trembling. He had to ask; there was no other way. “Do you think I could use your bathroom?”

“Oh, sure,” she said. “It's just out in the hall.”

Chris hurried out, trying the first door he came to, but it was another bedroom. His bladder contracted violently and a two-second burst of steaming piss drummed into his jeans. He took in a sharp breath. He tried the second door, but it was locked. He rapped his fist against the door, bent at the waist.

“Oh,” said Ashley, behind him. “Lauren must be in there. She likes to take baths with her headphones in–she won't hear a thing.”

Chris clenched the doorknob so hard he thought it might rip off. “Is–is this the only bathroom?”

“Do I look rich enough for two bathrooms?” Ashley giggled. “Come on back to my room while you wait.”

Helpless, Chris followed. What else could he do? Whip it out and piss in the kitchen sink? But he had to go so badly. All his nerves were on fire. His dick was moving of its own accord, twitching and jumping as spasms of pain moved through him. It was mostly soft, now–maybe he could hold better if Ashley made him hard again. He just had to wait until the bathroom was free.

Her room was thankfully dim; she didn't seem to notice the orange-sized wet spot that had formed at the crotch of his jeans. She pulled him close and ran her hands along his body. His bladder pulsed as his dick stiffened. She sat down on the bed and began to undo his jeans. His dick strained against the fabric, now rock-hard despite his need, and when she freed it it sprung forward in his wet briefs. She pulled these down, too, without commenting on the soaked front. Chris moaned softly and pressed into her hand. She giggled and gave him a quick rub before pulling her shirt up over her head and wriggling out of her skirt and panties. He took her in, her soft curved body, her perfect breasts, the small swell of her stomach above her tidy little pussy–was that her bladder, pushing out the skin? How could she not have to pee?

She pulled him down onto the bed, and as he fell onto the soft comforter he felt another hot jet escape, soaking into the bedsheets. He was fully hard, but still could not control himself. He could hear the blood rushing in his ears as he fought back the flood.

“Ashley,” he said hoarsely.

“Mmm.” She straddled his body, one knee on either side.

“Ashley–you're so hot, but I really need–”

“Mmm, I know what you need.”

“No, I… I really need the bathroom.” Saying it aloud made his whole face flush, but there was no other option. He was going to piss any second, and not just a spurt or a dribble–he was going to explode.

“You need me,” she said, rocking herself against his straining dick.

Chris moaned again. “I have to go. I can't wait.”

“Of course you can.”

“You don’t understand–”

“Shhh,” said Ashley, and bent down to kiss him. She ran her tongue along his teeth. His bladder spasmed and another trembling spurt escaped, pattering over his stomach and beading it with piss. Ashley rocked into him, harder, as his bladder screamed for relief. All the beer and whiskey stretching its limits, filling it beyond belief, torturing his failing muscles with the effort of holding. Ashley grinded against his dick, pressing it upwards until suddenly all her weight was on his rock-hard bladder, and he could not possibly hold back–a flood of sizzling urine burst from him, five seconds of uncontrolled wetting as piss sprayed out all over his chest and ran back onto Ashley’s bare pussy.

“Oh my god, oh my god,” whimpered Chris, squirming as he managed to cut off the flow. “I'm so sorry.”

Ashley kept grinding against him, though they were both covered in his piss. It seemed like so much, soaking his crotch and pooling into the bed, but his need had barely been touched. “Ohhh,” she said teasingly. “You really do have to go.”

“I do, oh my God–Ashley, please let me up–”

“It must be so hard to hold it. All that beer, and nowhere to go...”

“I can’t hold it. I’m gonna go.”

Ashley ran her hands down his body, tracing patterns with her fingertips, each slow movement causing his sphincter to flutter hopelessly, little dribbles of piss escaping. “It would feel so good to let go, wouldn’t it? To finally relax and let allllll that piss flow out....”

“Ohhhh,” moaned Chris, another spasm racking his body. Piss was seeping from his dick in meagre squirts, dribbling down his sides and onto the bedspread. He could not believe this was happening. He was completely unable to control his piss, having an accident all over himself like a child–and Ashley, some kind of sadist, was torturing him by voicing his desperation until he couldn’t stand it a second longer.

“You're gonna piss the bed, aren’t you? Look how full you are…” She lightly brushed the bulge of his swollen bladder. A two-second burst jumped from his dick and splashed against her stomach.

“Why are you doing this to me?”

“I've been watching you,” said Ashley. “Drinking beer after beer, jiggling your leg all night. You almost lost it on the train. You think I didn’t notice you were wetting yourself before we even got in the door?”

“You planned this all along?” panted Chris, and another spurt followed. His muscles were fluttering, about to fail. His bladder was a burning stone.

“Oh, yes. I love to see a man wet himself.”

Chris groaned at those words, his bladder thrashing at the thought of letting it all out. Even though she wanted it, even though he was already well humiliated, he still tried his hardest to hold–to keep some shred of dignity–but then Ashley ran a finger around the swollen perimeter of his bladder, pressing against the endless tides, and that was it. The floodgates burst. Steaming piss exploded from his dick, spraying between their bodies, its force so strong that it ricocheted off Ashley's stomach and back onto the bed, a desperate downpour soaking into the bedsheets.

Chris groaned, unable to do anything but urgently void himself of all that beer and whiskey that had stretched his bladder to its absolute limit, that couldn’t be contained a second longer. Ashley positioned her pussy against his stream, bucking and moaning as its intense force pleasured her swollen clit. Chris felt dizzy, light-headed. The pressure slowly drained, his bladder voiding a seemingly endless amount of scorching piss. He was urinating so hard that his pisshole was stretched wide, the stream nearly half an inch thick.

Ashley's movements grew quicker, more urgent. She threw her head back and moaned as her body shook in orgasm, Chris's piss thrumming against her clit, making her whole body spasm–and then, suddenly, a torrent of urine burst from her body, shooting almost straight out at first and then pouring all over Chris's stomach and still-pissing dick. She took hold of his arms and clenched tight as she relieved herself all over him, the force and intensity of her piss proof that she, too, had been full to the limit, that she must have had to piss desperately all along–but she could hold it when Chris couldn't; she could control herself until the moment of orgasm, when her body's needs finally took over. Together they pissed out the oceans inside them.

Chris felt his stream diminishing, but Ashley was still going strong, her piss pooling hot around his sides, the bed unable to absorb any more. Chris's dick was harder than it had ever been, twitching and straining and pulsing. He groaned and shut his eyes and as Ashley's piss splashed over him he helplessly came, without even being touched. His cum spurted against her stomach, hard as the piss that had just left him. Ashley wriggled above him, her stream tickling over his now unbearably sensitive dick, and he shuddered as a final burst of piss issued from him, increasing in speed as his dick softened. He and Ashley finished going at the same time.

“Oh my God,” he mumbled, shivering.

“Looks like you enjoyed yourself.”

“I’ve never felt anything like that before.”

“Want to feel it again?” said Ashley, giving his limp dick a little tap that made him dribble again. “Give me a call next time you feel a little twinge in your bladder, and I’ll take care of the rest…”

