Tied up and about to burst

Author: gtg420

*000*2024-11-17 20:03

"Please untie me," begged Leon. “I have to piss so bad."

"You're a big boy. You can hold it,” said Sarah, who was straddling him naked on the bed. She traced a finger slowly down his stomach. When it brushed over his bulging bladder, he jumped involuntarily and jerked against the restraints that held his wrists and ankles.

“We can play after I pee. Please." Sweat ran down Leon’s neck. He really, really couldn’t wait–it was going to come out, and soon. Every movement of his body sent a burning surge through his bladder, and his muscles were fluttering with exhaustion. He twisted his legs towards each other in an attempt to lessen the pressure, but he couldn’t close his legs. He loved using these restraints most of the time, but right now they were making him nearly wet himself. How had he gotten into this situation?

One minute he’d been dozing off a hangover, trying to ignore the heavy weight in his abdomen and the urgent pangs that kept pulling him from sleep–and the next he’d woken to Sarah securing his ankles to the corners of the bed, forcing his clenched legs apart. He would have been down for it, if he didn’t have to pee so bad. Why did he have to have such a full bladder the one time she wanted to play in the morning? A wave of desperation forced out a leak, a wet bulls-eye on his boxer briefs that his half-hard dick poked outward.

"I really can’t hold it. I’m not kidding."

“I’ll tell you when you're allowed to go.” Sarah giggled and ran her hands over his bare chest. “If you’re good, you’ll get this pussy after.”

He clenched his jaw as an intense wave jarred his bladder. A dribble of piss sputtered out of him. “I don’t have a choice. I’m going to go.”

“A big man like you can’t wait?” Sarah slid her hand over his bladder and pressed lightly, but even lightly was too much. Leon's body jerked as an uncontrollable burst of piss escaped it, so forceful that it shot out the front of his briefs.

"Oh, look what you’ve done.” Sarah slipped her hand down his pants and pulled out his semi-hard dick. He dribbled urine as soon as it touched the air, and she slapped his leg. "Don't pee on me!"

Another burst of piss escaped him, splattering onto her shirt. He groaned as he struggled to hold it back.

"Control yourself!"

"If you don't let me go right now, I'm going to explode."

She began to run her hand up and down his dick, which quickly grew stiff. "Maybe this'll help you hold it…"

"Oh, God, Sarah, I am going to piss." His bladder was rock-hard in his stomach, screaming out signals of distress, intense last-second warnings of the impending flood. The only thing holding him stopping him from pissing uncontrollably right now was his equally rock-hard dick, but that wouldn’t help for long. His heart thumped in his chest and his mouth was dry as paper.

"Are you really going to have an accident? At your age?" Sarah ran her finger up his dick, tantalizingly slow, then circled her finger around his pee-hole, barely brushing the surface. Leon groaned and a burst of hot piss shot out, wetting Sarah’s chest. Another, longer spurt followed, drumming against the sheets as it fell. Sarah tucked Leon's straining dick back into his underwear, brushing the wet spot as she did so.

Leon, beyond words, struggled to keep himself closed. His bladder was straining at its very limit, and he couldn’t stop squirming. Tiny dribbles of piss soaked out at irregular intervals as his muscles fluttered and burned.

"Oh, you really can’t hold it, can you?"

"No," he hissed, his voice coarse.

"Poor little Leon's pissing his pants."

A two-second surge exploded from the tent of his erection. He squirmed to contain it, panting aloud. “I am. I am.”

Sarah rubbed his dick through his underwear, and it twitched beneath her touch. A hot jet hit her hand, then another, then Leon groaned aloud as the floodgates finally failed. His weak muscles gave way, piss exploding out of him. It splattered against her hand until she pulled away, then surged upwards in an arc from his rigid cock, straight through the over-saturated fabric, streaming hard through the air and hitting Sarah square between the breasts.

“You’re pissing all over me!”

“Ohh, I can’t stop.” Leon moaned. He could do nothing to contain the flow. Squirming just made it spray back and forth, washing Sarah with piss, so he laid still as the release overtook him. There was a rapidly widening pool beneath his ass, the speed of his wetting too fast for the absorption of the sheets. He sucked his breath in but still he couldn’t control his bladder, which was determined to void all its contents.

Sarah came around the side of the bed and reached into his underwear for his streaming dick, brushing his still-swollen bladder as she did so. Leon moaned. How could he still be so full while actively wetting himself? She jerked him up and down, slowly. His piss shot straight up and nearly hit the ceiling, then fell down on his chest like heavy rain. Blessed relief and incredible pleasure flooded through him at the same time.

"Ohhh…" he moaned as his long-held bladder finally began to shrink to a tolerable level. Sarah moved faster, bringing him higher and higher. His piss arc weakened, but still he gushed uncontrollably. Only just before orgasm did the piss finally slow into a trickle–then an unbelievable build, his whole body exploding, cum spurting out of him–then another wave of piss, his whole body shaking as a high arc spattered back into the pool. It was fully out of his control. Sarah tucked his softening dick back into his briefs, which he couldn’t help but keep wetting. He poured and poured. And then, finally, he was empty. Panting, sitting in a pool of his own steaming piss, while Sarah looked down on him and shook her head.

“Look at what a mess you’ve made.”

“It’s your fault. You made me do it.”

“But you liked it, didn’t you?”

Leon’s dick was already growing hard again, thinking of her teasing him. “Well–maybe a little.”

“Looks like more than a little.”

“Did I hold out long enough for sex?”

“How about this,” said Sarah. “You stay tied up, and I serve you breakfast in bed. With lots and lots of orange juice. Then we wait a while and see what happens…”

“You mean, see if I piss myself again?”

Sarah giggled. “You’ve emptied your whole bladder. I’m sure you won’t have to go again.”

Leon’s bladder gave a weary twinge at the mention. Then, unbelievably, a weak stream of piss issued from Leon’s hard bulge, trickling down the front of his underwear, lasting a solid five seconds before sputtering out.

“Oh, dear,” said Sarah, chidingly, and gave Leon’s newly wet briefs a pat. One last dribble leaked into them. “I guess you weren’t empty after all…”

