Desperate Diversion

Author: Gemmy

*000*2019-07-06 02:16

Janey sighed as she sank into the drivers seat of her car. She had only walked across the car park from her office yet she was substantially wet from the rain that had been pouring for the better part of three days. A state that had only added to her bad mood brought on by the stressful week she had had at work. She worked for a large firm that manufactured and supplied stoneware products for building and decorative purposes. Janey worked in the IT department, she had started working there on the help desk but had since transferred across to the human resources side of the IT department dealing with the software and programs the employees used, their login details and inputting all employee details and permissions whenever new programs were introduced to the system. She much preferred this than simply been the point of call for people having trouble with their computers, at least with this role she felt like she had more of a challenge.

And boy this week had been a challenge. Somewhere in some meeting some directors had decided that the portal system used by employees was going to be changed and moved to a whole new piece of software. This meant not only had the software needed inputting and calibrating, it had meant that every employee's data had to be transferred across. Whilst not a difficult job it had proved time consuming and threw up all manner of problems. Which is why for the past week she had been working late every evening and feeling constantly stressed.

But, now it was Friday, the move over had mostly been done and she could have a relaxing, hopefully stress free weekend. She pulled off her cardigan which was quite wet and threw it in the back seat. Not much she could do about her wet blouse and skirt, she didn't fancy the idea of driving home in just her underwear, giving people a show. She pulled out of the car park and headed for home, dreaming of her pyjamas and her couch by the fire.

As she made it on the main road her dream of a relaxing evening had led to her deciding to call at the supermarket and treat herself to a bottle of wine and some chocolates, after the week she had she deserved it. She noticed that traffic on the main road was slightly busier than usual but given the pouring rain and blustering wind she wasn't too surprised.

As the traffic slowly moved along she noticed the first signs of needing to pee. Nothing unusual there, she had the same thought most days driving home work. The multiple coffees she consumed throughout the afternoon always caught up with her as she was driving home and each day she wondered to herself why she never thought to have a wee before she left. Not that it mattered. Her drive home took about 20 minutes, 30 tops if traffic was heavy so she never had much issue, sure some days she got home squirming a little but she had had much worse on nights out. That was probably why it never occurred to her to pee before she left the office.

It wasn't long before she pulled off and parked up in the supermarket's car park. Usually she would get distracted by the clothes section and the entertainment section but today Janey was on a mission. She headed straight to the wine aisle and spent a few minutes browsing the wide selection before choosing a nice French red with a fancy sounding name. If she was being honest she knew nothing about wine except it tasted nice and came in three colours. With her wine in hand she found the chocolate aisle and picked up a few treats for herself. She looked at the pile of chocolate in her hands and decided she should probably eat something somewhat proper first so went and found herself some dinner.

With everything she needed she headed off to the checkout and got in line. Whilst waiting she was aware of the guy at the next checkout over looking at her, well, more than looking at her, checking her out. Something she was used to. She wasn't egotistical by any means but she knew she was attractive to the opposite sex and often captured the male gaze. She was told her friends that she had "curves in the right places". Namely her boobs, hips and butt, which were definitely where this guy was focusing his attention. It was then she realised why. The rain had made her blouse go slightly see through and her lacy pink bra was on display. At least I have a bra on she laughed to herself and was thankful her skirt was black otherwise her matching pink thong would be visible too.

She paid for her items and gave the guy a cheeky smile before leaving and heading back to her car, once again getting rained on. When she got to her car she once again felt wet but at least it was only 15 minutes till home then she could strip off and jump in a nice warm shower.

It took a few minutes to get out of the car park and back onto the main road. The weather was really making the traffic slow she thought as she finally joined the stream of traffic heading out of town. It was only when she was looking out of the window at some people running through the rain and splashing in the puddles that she was made aware once again of her bladder. This time a lot more needy than before and she realised that in her mission to get wine she had been completely distracted from her need. Had she not been she might have considered using the bathroom at the supermarket but it was too late for that now. Still even with traffic being slow it wouldn't be long before she was home so she put the thought to the back of her mind and focused on the story the DJ was telling on the radio.

After ten minutes of slow moving traffic she realised that it couldn't just be the weather causing so much traffic, something must have happened somewhere. Sometimes if there was an accident on the motorway the traffic would come off and take the A roads through town causing congestion. Maybe with the weather being so bad an accident had occurred. Whatever it was there was nothing she could do other than steadily make her way home. A couple of miles down the road the cause of the heavy traffic became apparent. It wasn’t an accident, at least not the kind Janey was thinking of.

As she approached the river on the outskirts of town she saw that the main road bridge was closed off and that traffic was being diverted. As she got closer to the intersection, she saw a guy dressed top to toe in high vis clothing standing next to signs saying diversion. She saw him talking to people and as she approached she wound her window down. The guy informed her that the increased rainfall had caused the river to swell and rise and that the structural supports in the centre of the bridge had shown signs of weakness so the bridge had been closed until inspections could be carried out. Then he pointed out the diversion signs and apologised for any inconvenience.

Janey thanked him and cursed under her breath as she drove off. From here it was just 10 minutes to get home once she was over the bridge. Now she had a choice to make. She could turn right and follow the river towards the north side of town and cross at the bridge there, then drive through the villages and suburbs to her home, or turn left and go back on herself back into the town centre and join the motorway and come off at the next junction. She weighed up her options as she moved forward in the queue of cars. Going right and going the scenic way was just a big loop around and would probably take about 20 minutes. Going on the motorway would probably take less time but would mean fighting her way through the town centre traffic just to get there. Once at the front of the queue she decided to go right, she really could not be bothered going all the way back through town. At least going this way she was still heading in the general direction of her house.

At least now she was out of the town centre, the traffic was moving a little faster, although because of the diversion it was still pretty busy which meant hitting the roundabouts and traffic lights took more time than usual. Each time she was forced to stop Janey became aware of how much her bladder was filling up. Her estimate of it taking 20 minutes going this way was rapidly diminishing and her eta kept getting longer. The pressure was certainly starting to build and she found herself beginning to get a little squirmy. If the bridge wasn’t shut she would most likely be home now. She shook the thought and concentrated on driving, although the now constant pressure from her bladder was getting harder to ignore.

By the time she had reached the north of town and was crossing over the river there she was really needing a wee. She was glad she was over the river, now she was heading for home and hopefully it wouldn’t take too long. It was now impossible to ignore her pressing need to pee. A need which seemed to be increasing really quickly. The three coffee’s she had since her lunch break were really starting to hit her bladder and the fact that usually she would already be home and found relief wasn’t helping.

Then she remembered, not only had she had her usual three coffees in the afternoon, she had also had something else. A can of energy drink. Late in the afternoon Danny had come to her and given her a can of the new flavour for her to try and she really enjoyed it and had ended up drinking it all pretty quickly. So not only did she have her usual three coffee’s putting pressure on her bladder she also had a big can of energy drink too, no wonder she was busting for a wee. She was starting to wish she hadn’t been distracted and had gone at the supermarket. Still, hopefully it shouldn't take too long to get home she was across the river.

She soon realised that the opposite was in fact true. She was used to driving these roads, she drove down them anytime she went to visit her parents. The winding country roads and villages were usually quiet but tonight all the diverted traffic was using the roads. Cars, buses, vans, lorrys, wagons, all manner of traffic that usually avoided the country roads and narrow village roads. This resulted in traffic being just as slow here as it was in town. Getting stuck behind buses driving slow and wagon’s trying to navigate the tighter turns was making what should be a simple journey into a journey that seemed to be getting longer by the minute.

Something that wouldn’t usually bother her, except tonight she was wanting to get home as soon as possible to relieve her aching bladder. As the minutes passed her need continued to increase and soon she was bursting. Each time the traffic came to a stop she wiggled in her seat, crossing her legs and trying to ease the pressure. She was starting to worry about how badly she needed to pee. In her current state she would easily make home, she was bursting but still able to hold it. That was if she was going straight home at normal speed. This constant stopping and starting meant she had no idea how long it would take to reach home and her need was still growing.

Ten minutes later she was really starting to worry. She had gone from bursting to desperate and was now really having to hold back to keep her knickers dry. There had been a few times where she had been desperate like this coming home from nights out so she knew she was able to manage this level of desperation for a little while, hopefully long enough for her to make it home. Once out of the village at least the pace picked up a little so that was something. For ten minutes she was making slow but steady progress along the roads, the bushes and hedges and fields she was passing looked so inviting, places that she would love to just stop and pop a squat and take a much needed wee. However with the large volume of traffic there was no way and torrential rain there was no way she was stopping and putting on a show for everyone. Despite feeling like she was on the verge of wetting herself she was managing to keep control and was confident she could make it home.

At least she thought that until she got further along the road. Suddenly the traffic slowed to a stop and didn’t move. She had no idea why, all she could do was sit there squirming and squeezing her legs, trying desperately not to wet herself. It was probably psychological but the fact she wasn’t moving at all seemed to increase her desperation and for the first time in her adult life she was starting to worry she might end up wetting her knickers. No, she couldn’t do that, she was 26, she could hold it until she got home, she wasn’t a little girl who couldn’t control herself. She could do this.

After what seemed like an eternity the traffic began to slowly move again and up ahead the cause of the jam became apparent. A truck was parked on the side of the narrow road obviously stuck or broken down or something but the driver was having to direct traffic safely around it. Once past it the speed picked up again, but now her need was going past desperate if that was possible. When she had been desperate on nights out by now she had usually found relief. She didn’t think it was possible for the need to increase but it seemed to be. The pressure is getting worse. Her pussy was starting to ache with the intense need and she could actually feel her pee hole trembling with desperation.

The next time she was forced to stop she hiked her skirt up under her butt so she was able to hold herself to help give some relief to her aching muscles. She pushed her fingers against her knickers into her pussy, pushing hard to help herself stay in control. She was no longer desperate for a wee, she was absolutely frantic for a wee and was now feeling like she could wet herself any moment. Waves of desperation were hitting her hard and it was all she could do to keep her knickers dry. God she had to get home, she had to pee soon, she never knew she could need anything so badly. She could feel the pee right at the tip of her urethra ready to burst out but she couldn’t let it, no matter what she had to hold on.

Eventually she got to her little suburb and prayed she could last just a little longer. By the time she got to the end of her road she was panting and begging to keep control just a tiny bit longer. Her bladder needed relief, her pussy needed relief, her whole body needed relief, she had never needed a wee so badly in her life and even though she was on her road and her house was in sight it seemed miles away. She had made it this far, she wasn’t about to wet herself now. She pulled up outside her house and quickly pulled her skirt back down. As she got out of the car she had to grab herself to keep herself from losing control. It was still raining hard but she couldn’t run as much as she wanted to. All she could do was hobble slowly. Now she was stood up it seemed so much harder. Suddenly a wave of desperation hit her and she spurted into her knickers.

Not now, just a little more, nearly there, she said to herself. Now that she had spurted her need had increased even more if that was possible, she couldn’t believe it. Between her car and the door she had spurted a bunch more times and was actually starting to wet herself. She had to find her keys in her bag and as she did no matter how much she twisted and squirmed and pushed her hand against her throbbing pussy the spurts kept on coming. She was so desperate she couldn’t even concentrate on finding her keys. Eventually she found them but the moment she put them in the door she knew she was finished. She felt her bladder pushing hard and the spurts getting bigger, she knew that any second the inevitable flood would happen and there would be nothing she could to stop it.

She needed relief so badly she didn’t even care anymore. She let go of her keys and spread her legs. Immediately she started peeing full force and instantly soaked her knickers. The warmth ran down her legs and she sighed in blissful relief. It was the most amazing feeling and she had to grab the door as her knees went weak. She was mortified, she was fully wetting herself, a grown woman flooding her knickers out of sheer desperation. She was glad at least she hadn’t done this in her car. When she finally finished she looked down to see what damage had been done and she started laughing. In her complete focus on her desperation and need for relief she hadn’t paid attention to the rain which had completely soaked her blouse and skirt. To anyone looking she was soaked all over, not just her knickers and skirt. She was embarrassed at having had an accident but at least if her neighbours were watching they wouldn’t know.

She opened the door and threw her things inside. She went straight upstairs and got into the shower and stripped off all her soaked clothes. She had a nice warm shower and put on her pyjamas before she went and curled up on the sofa. Despite knowing nobody knew she couldn't help but think of the embarrassment if her colleagues knew she had wet herself like a little girl. At least she was the only one who knew and she made a mental note that having a wee before she left the office was probably a good idea for the future.

*006*2019-07-11 23:09

{{4 hours ago, Holdit4me said:

Great story! I'm a huge fan of your writing and it's great to see a new story from you.

}}

Thanks

I am hoping to get back to writing more stories, I have a few scenarios in mind.

