Adventures of an Ex-Princess

Author: Guest QueenDivine

*000*2017-12-24 21:07

Hi. This is my first story ever! Feel free to leave suggestions! Here we go.

The Adventures of an Ex-Princess.

Chapter One

“But I don’t want to! This is my future. Don’t I get a say?!! What about true love?”

“Princess Elixabeth, this is for your own good. You are going to marry Prince Arnold, then you will be coronated Queen. Love has nothing to do with this. This debate is over!”

“Yes, Mother. Goodnight.” I run up the marble stairs to my quarters, grab my journal, and start to write.

Dear Diary, my mother, the Queen, is such a b*tch! She’s making me marry a hoity-toity prideful prince. I hate Prince Arnold! And I don’t want to be Queen! And every time I try to talk to her, she won’t even listen to me. This is the last straw. I am going on a journey to the farthest lands away from here. The Shadowlands. They are 5 realms away, deep in the core of the earth. Because I am in the highest realm, The Airways, it will be a long journey down. I’ll be all alone. Also, what if Mom sends the troops to find me? I have to get away quickly and in stealth. I’ll have to pack light, so I will never see you again. Good luck, friend. I’ll miss you. Thank you for your companionship.

I start to pack a pack. I’ll need weapons, clothes, armor, food, and money. I decide to take my bow and arrows, along with two of my best knives, and my longsword. I pack 4 sets of warm clothes, and decide to depart wearing my most protective armor. I also pack 2 sacks of money and jewels{for selling}, a lantern, a map of the all the realms of Mythcreeg, healing stones, and toiletries. As for food, I sneak down to the pantries for some bread, meats, fruits, and 3 flasks of water. With everything ready, I tiptoe to the stables, and saddle up Ebony, my dragon. I take one last look at the palace. I might never see it again if I’m lucky.

“Go, Ebony. Hut, hut!

We start to elevate, headed south-west for first the Great Mountains, take the pass through them, which leads down to The Lower Plains, then through the Tunnels of Middle Earth. This first part of the journey will take 10 days, at best. Soon, the palace is out of view. In the dead of night, I have broken out of the prison I called home.

So sorry it's short.but every story needs an intro.

*003*2018-01-01 18:39

Chapter 2

We travelled all night. When the sun started to rise, we stopped in a tavern. The owner let Ebony stay at the back of the building, while I stayed in one of the rooms. Who knew running away was so tiring! I soon fell asleep, after drinking a flask of water. I dreamt that I was in the Palace of the Elves. I was hanging out with a cute guy, probably the Prince. We were having a good time doing artery, and then he asked me to run away with him to escape royal responsibilities. I said yes, and then I woke up to the sound of “...get your dragon out of here now!!!” I scrambled to my feet, grabbed my possessions, and went round to the back to saddle up Ebony. It was dusk, and I was starving. I apologized to the owner for Ebony setting his hair on fire, and flew away, still headed south-west over many forests. After 3 hours of flying, I was cranky, hungry, and needing a bathroom break.

“Oh Ebony, why did you have to set flames to his hair? I know his hairstyle wasn’t the greatest, but that doesn’t mean you can destroy it. Thanks to you, I missed Dinner, and a toilet break. Say, whats that down there?”

I looked and saw a fair-haired person with a dragon, pitching a tent. They looked as if they could help us, and provide dinner! I thought to myself, I wonder if they’re going the same way I am… I told Ebony to land near them, but NOT on top of their tents. It wouldn’t be nice to make enemies before meeting them. But before encountering them, I went behind a tree, took off my armor, then my pants, and finally squatted and emptied my aching bladder. Ahh, relief. I was still going when I heard a male voice.

“Who goes there? Are you friend or foe?” He sounded a tad bit afraid.

“Uhh… Friend. Or at least I hope to be your friend.” I replied

“Where are you? I see your dragon saddled, but where is the rider?”

“I’m, uh, unavailable at the moment, but I’ll come out soon. Just need a moment.”

He suddenly came into view. He was a fair-haired elf, with hair all the way down to his waist. He had a handsome face, and a thin body. He was short for an elf, but still taller than me. He then covered his eyes and exclaimed:

“Oh. I am so sorry. I didn’t know you were, uh, you know. Sorry.” My steam died down to a trickle, then stopped. I pulled up my pants, but left the armor off.

“I’m done. You can open your eyes now.” I said with a smirk. He had green eyes, like an emerald.

“Sorry. That was weird. Anyway, my name is Dain. Now, who are you, and why are you here in my camp?”

