Desperation at the Gym

Author: Guest HondaGuy

*000*2018-01-03 23:04

"Just 5 more minutes," Abby said to herself as she finished up her run on the treadmill. She had already been holding in her pee for what felt like an eternity. Her large bottle of Smartwater was completely empty now. With each step, her bladder bounced inside of her. "Oh, why did I drink so much water?" she asked herself. She clenched her bladder even tighter, as she felt a leak coming out.

Abby was wearing a black sports bra, with pink spandex shorts, a lime green lace thong, white ankle socks, and running shoes. Abby always had a small bladder, but after having her first child 2 years ago, the slim 26 year old never seemed to have the capacity she had before.

The end of her run was quickly approaching, but her tiny, mom bladder was about to burst! She looked around for the bathroom, but didn't see it. She hadn't been to this gym since they remodeled a few weeks ago, so everything seemed new to her. As the last few seconds of the timer counted down, she tightened her bladder muscles harder than she ever had before. She couldn't risk peeing her pants all over the treadmill.

"BEEP!" the timer went off. She stepped off the treadmill and immediately felt her bladder spasm, as it tried to release. A small drip of pee dampened her panties, despite her efforts to hold on. She hobbled to the front desk to find out where the bathroom was.

"Excuse me," she said to the lady at the desk. "Where's your bathroom?"

The lady working the desk couldn't have been older than 19. She was short and slightly chubby, but with large breasts. She was wearing a pink t-shirt with the gym's logo on it and black yoga pants. She wore a nametag on her chest that read "Brianna"

"You can just follow me, I was actually getting up to go too!" Brianna said. She got up from her chair, and lead the way to the back of the gym. Her butt bounced from side to side as she walked, and her pink flip-flops scraped across the floor.

Abby knew her bladder was about to give up any second, but she tried so hard to keep holding! As they approached the bathroom, Abby spotted a small, "Wet floor" sign.

"UGHHH!" Brianna cried out. "Theyre cleaning it right now!"

Abby panicked! She grabbed her vagina with both hands and starting shuffling back and forth. "Please let me in!" she begged.

"I can't let you in when they're cleaning it," Brianna explained.

"Ooohhh," Abby moaned in dire desperation! "When will they be done???"

"I don't know, probably a good 15 minutes or so!" Brianna replied as she began a very discrete pee dance.

"I cannot wait that long. I have to go so bad!" Abby pleaded. "I NEED to go right now! Im about to pee my pants!"

"Ok, I can let you use the employee bathroom, but you can't tell anyone," Brianna said. "I drank so much tea this afternoon, and I've had to pee sooo bad like every half hour, so I know how you feel!" Brianna started leading the way to the employee bathroom. They walked into a doorway and down a hall, which led to a single door.

"Oh my god, thank you!" Abby said, as she opened the door. "My bladder can't take it any more."

Abby closed the door, peeled down her shorts and panties, and sat on the toilet. Her bladder ached from holding an entire Smartwater. She sat on the toilet and pee rushed out of her bladder. It splashed all over the seat, and she even had a dribble in her panties. The flood of clear pee was so loud that Brianna could hear it outside the bathroom, as she waited for her turn.

Brianna began pee dancing and holding her crotch as she waited for her turn to use the bathroom. Then, out of nowhere, her manager walked up. "What are you doing?" he asked.

"Im waiting for the bathroom! Someone's in there and I HAVE to go!" she replied.

"Well, no one is there to answer phones!" her manager scolded and pointed at the front desk, instructing her to get back to work.

"But I gotta go pee!!!" she pleaded as she sat in the chair.

"You've had to go all afternoon! Every 30 minutes, you're in the bathroom! What's your problem?" her manager insisted.

"I drank so much tea," Brianna replied as she bounced in her chair, one hand jammed between her thighs.

The bathroom door opened, and Abby walked out the door and towards her car.

"Ok, can I PLEASE go now?" Brianna asked her manager.

"Ugh, fine!" he sternly replied. "But next time, don't drink so much! You have the bladder of a 5 year old!"

Brianna leaped out of her seat and ran into the bathroom. She could feel pee dribbles escaping with each step. She threw off her black yoga pants, and sat on the toilet. She pulled her purple to the side and released her full bladder into the toilet. The relief felt so good!

