The Dark Queen

Author: Guest FlowerMouse

*000*2019-05-29 02:34

I haven't written anything for a couple of months; this is going to be fun.

Ruby, Queen of the Valley of Shadows, and previously Pirincess of Lifesquare, did not appreciate the humorously large amount of noble knights and princes attempting to rescue her from the evil clutches of the Shadowfolk.

Valor, her Royal advisor, hurriedly clamored out of a hallway, and skidded to a hault in front of her metallic throne. The throne room was a spacious room, full of doors with winding hallways, blue-green stone, and impressive tapestries.

He took a moment to catch his breath, and informed, "There is another prince attempting a rescue."

Ruby, a broad-shouldered, muscular, redhead, ruffled her fingers through her giant mound of hair in annoyance.

"Again? This is the third time this month!" Plucking her fingers out of her tangled hair, she got up out of her throne, but felt a sharp signal in her bladder. "Those cups of tea went down quickly," she worriedly thought.

I'm going to finish this later because i need to pee lol

*002*2019-05-30 20:15

"Can I pee first?" She stated, grabbing a rugged dull piece of armor off the wall.

Exposition intervention! The Shadowfolk have mysterious origins. Skin made of shadows, with a presence that isn't quite corporeal, they aren't evil. Though, they have inner guides and thoughts that no physic can get a hold of.

Flustered, with a face that grew an embarrassed light grey, he hurriedly informed, "Well, thing is, he's two hallways down."

She grabbed a heavy sword and swung it harshly, as if hitting an invisible target.

With a sudden panic to her motion, she whipped around and asked, "Any deaths?"

"Twenty-three."

With a wild roar, she swung her sword again. "Why do these entitled brats always kill my workers?"

With a polite cough, Valor informed, "You kill people."

"Soldiers!" She defended. "I'll go deal with this kid, Valor." He gave her a worried look, but with a wave of her hand, he slunk past a door. As soon as the door was shut, her hand went straight to her crotch. As she shifted her weight from one leg to another, she silently cursed her father for sending all of these kids after her.

With a bang, the front doors blasted open, and waltzing in was a green-eyed, blond prince.

"I am Nathan Petrifi, Prince of BellAire, and I am here to-" He started to bellow, but a knife was thrown at his sholder. It bounced off his shiny, silver armor harmlessly.

"Fuck off!" She yelled.

Continuing with hurt pride, he announced, "I am here to save you from the clutches-" He was yet again interrupted by a knife, this time loudly clanging off his chest.

"I am trying to introduce myself! This is prince protocol!" He yelled. "I don't give a damn about your protocol! Fight me already!"

Continuing later ;u;

*005*2019-06-11 20:27

I am. Sorry, I've been busy ;o;

*006*2019-06-11 20:46

"Alright then, Princess, I'll break the rules just for you," He stated, unsheathing his own sword from his belt. "Is that...?" She wondered, as he proudly posed with it, knowing she was studying it. With a gold hilt, and precious stones lining the guard, that would've been a masterpiece itself were it not for the blade. It had intricate cuts and crevices that gave off a green glow, filled with power. "That thing could probably cut through anything," she thought as she bit grit her teeth into a scowl. Gripping her hilt tightly, and praying that she didn't disgrace herself in front of that vain douchebag, she dashed forward to lunge at her intruder. He smoothly guided his sword to bounce off of hers, and seamlessly attacked. His blade would've sliced her face in half, if she hadn't ducked and rolled away. Her need got worse by the second, a worrying distraction she didn't need.

