The Heartwarming Flood - Part 2: Wetting or Not, Here I Cum

Author: Guest AromaticPee

*000*2022-05-19 16:37

I apologize for interrupting the flow (no pun intended), but this comment is just to save my progress on my post. I'll post the first act as a comment later.

Also, this chapter of The Heartwarming Flood contains lesbian/yuri content and sexually explicit scenes. Viewers are advised to click off if they don't like what the tags say.

*001*2022-05-19 22:35

All right, let's begin.

###

Characters: Hailey, Riley, Tracy

###

Act 1: Besties Who Go Together

Narrative: "After George's unfortunate wetting at the art room, Hailey Enoshima was feeling... how to put it... eerily glum. She hoped to see him lose himself in relief instead of hearing his infantile cries. Not a single club member was willing to talk about it with her... except for one loyal friend: Riley the Dozer."

[The two girls talk in a whispering voice while in the library.]

Hailey: (She walks in the library and up to Riley, who is sleeping in a bean bag chair with a gray notebook on her bosom.) "Hello... Riley? I wanna talk to you about something."

Riley: "*yawns* ... huhhh? Oh. *yawning* Hi, Ms. Valentine." (She moves her notebook into her open backpack.) "What's bugging you?"

H: "It's about the club meeting. I think we should go somewhere else, lest people know my most shameful secret..."

R: "But there's only one art room."

H: "That's not what I meant, Riley! What I meant to say is..." (She squirms a fair bit.) "I wanna walk to someplace where we can talk without nosy boys like Noel eavesdropping on us."

R: (She notices Hailey's potty dance.) "Um... what does that have to do with *yawning* the movements you're making?"

H: "J-j-just trust me, kapiche?"

R: "Okay. *yawning* We should probably find a bathroom to kill two birds with one stone."

H: "M-meaning...?"

R: "We can have our conversation there and go to the bathroom together. *yawns* I know that's a habit of yours, Ms. Valentine."

H: "*laughs* Okay, you got me. I wanna go pee real bad."

R: (She presses her hands against her vulva and starts squirming alongside Hailey.) "Me too..."

N: "So, they waddle their way down to the bathroom, with their hands below each other's pants and on their aching bladders."

[Their voices return to their normal tones.]

R: "This kinda feels good... Ms. Valentine, I wanna masturbate before we break open our seals... ahhh..." (She leaks a few dozen drops of pee and some love syrup.)

H: "Yuck..." (She also leaks, but not as much.) "I think I just peed a little. *to herself* So gross..."

R: "Hey, it's nothing to be ashamed about, Ms. Valentine. *yawns* It's normal."

H: "It makes me look like a kid! Everyone knows that I'm not a kid anymore, so why would I pee my pants, even a bit?!"

R: "*yawning* Let's get to the stalls, then we can talk about what's on your mind."

Two minutes later...

H: "*sing-song voice* Laa laa dee dum! We're finally here! *normal voice* Should we pee in adjacent stalls?"

R: "Whatever floats your boat, Hailey... *yawns*"

H: "OK! Adjacent stalls it is!"

They open the doors to their respective stalls with squat toilets. Then...

*pssssssssshhhhhhhhh* They both pee in adjacent squat toilets.

H: "Aaaaahhhhhhh... this feeling of release... I don't know how to describe how glad I am!"

R: "Ohhh... I feel relieved as well... ... now then, what's concerning you about the last time art club was in session?"

H: "Um... well, I had an accident back there. It was SO gross, and the situation is SO damn complicated."

R: "Hmm. Go on... tell me more."

H: "Well, that's the thing. I can't exactly tell you more because it's against club rules!"

R: "Well, the club isn't meeting again until next week, and we're not in the art room. Therefore, it's okay to talk about those kind of things."

H: "What are you talking about?"

R: "... Hailey, half of the club members admit to wetting their pants, me included. And I even like when I pee in my bed."

H: "EWWWW! Peeing on yourself is, like, SUPER YUCKY! And besides, you're getting off topic!"

R: "Whoops. Sorry. *yawning* Anyway, I would like to know more about your accident."

H: "If I tell you more... you gotta promise not to talk about bedwetting."

R: "I'll try not to."

H: "Okay... before the meeting started, I had to pee. But Noel Johnson, the perv in the maid dress, decided to enter the girls' room. I thought he was gonna snoop on me! So I made some threats and whatnot, pin him against the wall, and what do I learn?"

...

H: "Noel was just looking for me. He wanted his ass beat from our glitter torture after all those years of spying on us. So I handcuffed him, and he offered no resistance whatsoever. And you pretty much know what happened next, right?"

R: "*yawns* Yeah. You brought him in, and the one named George tried to escape. He was desperate, too, but you didn't notice until he said 'I have to pee.' So, the glitter torture was performed on Noel's poor bum, and afterwards, George tried to escape again."

H: "Then he had an accident and cried over it. He was like, "Wahh" and stuff. Now, I've never seen a grown-up act in such a way, let alone before I [redacted] them up. But I lost control over my bladder way too quickly."

R: "... okay, now that I know what led to your accident, but how did you end up wetting yourself on the spot?"

(drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip drip) [Hailey wipes her vulva thoroughly before answering.]

H: "Well, I-"

R: "Uhhhhh, actually, can it wait for a sec? *yawning* I wanna masturbate."

H: "*to herself* Ew! Why does she always bring up 'mast berating' or whatever that yucky stuff is?! *to Riley* Okay, fine. Just make it quick." (She flushes her stall's toilet.)

R: "Thanks." (She begins to finger her vagina without TP. Moans come out of her vocal cords.) "Uhhhhh... uhhhhhhh..." (She fingers herself faster and faster, and her moans get even louder, for about twenty seconds. Then...) "AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!"

*splurt splurt*

*pssssshhhhhhh*

R: "Haaaaaaa... haaaaa..." (She starts peeing on her own hand, the same one she fingered herself with!) "*to herself* Ohhh yeaaah... oh yeah, oh yeah... oh yeah... that's the stuff, baby... yeah..."

(drip drip drip drip drip drip)

R: "*to herself* Man, that felt so good. And look at that, my hand's covered in my scent and my cream... ahh..." (She wipes her vulva, careful not to cum again, then flushes her stall's toilet.) "*to Hailey* Okay, I'm done!"

(The two girls pull their pants up and wash their hands in the sinks.)

R: "Now then, where were we?"

H: "My most shameful secret... *deep breath* When I get sad, my peehole opens up and pee comes out. Plus, I'm more likely to get to that point in a short period of time than most people."

R: "So, what you're saying is that... you have mood swings and that's what made your urethra fail? ... That's weird, but okay."

H: "Thank you for understanding me, Riley. You're the best girl to pee and converse with!"

R: "Hee hee. My pleasure, Hailey."

###

(Cue Roundabout by Yes)$$

I'm sorry... for both that and the delay.

*003*2022-05-20 13:27

{{10 hours ago, orangelion said:

You should never be sorry about a Jojo reference

}}

Uh... okay... act 2 is coming soon...

*004*2022-05-21 23:29

Now then, let's continue Part 2.

###

Act 2: A Hot-Headed Harem

N: "Meanwhile, during lunch break, Tracy decided to take a quick shower in the girls' locker room. Her armpits were getting sweaty, and something else had bothered her a bit..."

Tracy: "Hmm... nobody seems to have noticed that I'm not wearing any pants... is it because of the body paint on my downstairs? ... I should probably wash it off. Besides, I wanna show off my coochie sometime soon. It is my birthday, after all! Hee hee!"

N: "Hailey and Riley were also getting into the showers after their gym class."

H: "Ew. Riley, I think one of us got stinky during PE. We should shower up so we can get all that grime off us and come out smelling like peaches or something pleasant."

R: "*yawns* Good idea, Ms. Val- I mean, Hailey." (She sniffs her armpits.) "Especially since I overworked on my arms and my pits got smelly. ... Did you get smelly, too?"

H: "Let me check for a sec." (She sniffs her own armpits. Her BO almost makes her vomit.) "Yuck! Why did I do that?! I stink so bad, it's more so when you put your face under my shoulders!"

R: "My thoughts exactly. Now, let's just clean ourselves up."

[A few moments later...]

H: "I seriously don't know why I thought smelling my underarms was a good idea in the first place."

R: "Well, at least we can shower up."

[Hailey and Riley enter the girls' locker room.]

T: [somewhat far from Hailey and Riley] "OK, time to really expose my downstairs! I wonder if George would like seeing me like this... *sing-song voice* he's certainly seen me like this before!"

N: "When Tracy entered the girls' locker room, she saw Hailey and Riley undressing. She blushed like she got a sunburn on her cheeks."

T: (She covers her eyes in a pointless, humorous attempt to look more innocent.) "OH MY GOSH, I WALKED INTO SOMETHING I'M NOT SUPPOSED TO SEE! I'M SO SORRY I'M SO SORRY I'M SO SORRY I'M SORRY I'M SORRY I'M SORRY!!!!"

H: (She notices Hailey, who she hasn't greeted yet.) "Oh hi. Uh... we were just getting in the showers, that's all. It's okay to see us naked like this."

T: "... wait... you're not going to slap me for walking in on you?"

R: "*yawning* No, of course not. I mean, we're all girls here, right? Only girls are allowed in these premises."

T: "But am I really a girl? Or are you just assuming I'm a girl so I can cheer up?"

H: "Well..." (She looks down at Hailey's painted hips and vulva.) "You do have a ... p###, don't you?"

T: "What's a p###? Did we just swear?"

R: "The word p### is used to describe someone's genitals. Take a look at ours. You should see a slit where the penis would be on a boy."

T: (She closes her eyes in advance.) "Dare I look?! What if I get turned on by it?!"

H: "*sighs* Shut up and take a look. We might have weird... bushes... but that doesn't mean it makes you a perv for noticing that." (As she says this, she walks up to Tracy and pries her hands from her eyes, which Hailey also begins to pry open.)

T: (She tears up as Hailey pries her eyelids open and forces her hands down and to her sides.) "AAAAAAHHHH! No! No! Please! Please! Stop! Stop! Stop! STOP! ... stop... stooooooopp... stoooooooooppp... stoooooooppppppp..." (Hailey looks down at Riley's spade-shaped bush. As soon as her vision clears, her eyes widen a bit.) "*heavy breathing* ... that's not a bush you should hide under your pants... *more heavy breathing*"

R: "Well, not here at least. I mean, it is a work of art, after all... *yawning* I carefully trimmed it this way."

N: "Tracy was flabbergasted. How did this yawning lady not get caught by the security cams? And why was her friend okay with it?"

T: "*even heavier breathing, near hyperventilating* I haven't even introduced myself yet! And we're already going down this route of conversation?!"

H: "You're right. We should've started with that." (She moves away from Tracy.) "My name is Hailey Enoshima, but everyone calls me Valentine Hailey. Do you want to know why?"

T: "*returns to normal breathing* Wha... why?"

H: (She points down at her heart-shaped bush (which Tracy stares at), then turns around after a while and shows her butt, four hearts tattooed on each cheek.) "*laughs* That's why!" (She heartily (no pun intended) slaps her own butt cheek.)

T: "My, my, Hailey... what a cute butt you've got there... *to herself* all the better to ride men with, I guess."

R: "*yawning* And I'm Riley Smith. The Dozer, they call me."

T: "*embarrassed yet in a friendly tone* Well, nice to meetcha and flash ya, Hailey, Riley!" (She takes off her shirt, revealing her large bosom. Her breasts are each tattooed with the Orzhov sun.) "My full name is Tracy Olivia Prancer, but you can just call me Tracy!" (She gets closer to the other two.) "Now then, let's pucker up!"

R: "Yucky for you to say that and not shake hands... *yawning* let's do that instead."

T: "Ah ah ah ah ah! Nope! Nope! Nope! Nope-aminos! Nope-amon-jaro! Nnnope-ageddon!"

H, R: "But why, though?"

H: "Riley says that kissing spreads germs... *to herself* for whatever that's worth. Ha!"

T: "*sing-song voice* Shaking hands can spread germs faster than kissing... so a kiss is healthier, if more crass!" (She moves in for the kiss, puckering her lips.)

N: "It was all clear to Hailey. This was George's friend he mentioned after that one art club meeting! This friend of his had just now sung, word-for-word, what he had said that day!"

T: (For a minute or so, she kisses Hailey and Riley on their "oral lips." Her reasoning for this: "If I kiss their downstairs lips, it wouldn't be as pleasant for them!") [After kissing] "Well, then... let's all shower together! I promise I'll try not to jizz too much in there."

H: "Wait. Just wait. You remind me of someone I met."

T: "Who might that be?"

H: "His name is George Lee, and I swore an oath to not let-"

T: "Oh, that ABDL boy? I know him, too. George used to suckle on my boobies every so often. Heck, we even made love to each other and-"

R: "Hold up, Tracy. You're saying you and George [redacted] before?"

T: "Uh huh. We both had to pee, and the school locked us in for the night. Maybe they forgot we were there..."

H: "So he's cheating on one of us with the other?! Oh my god, I should've realized this way [redacted] sooner! I. Am. Having. A. [Redacted]. Panic. Attack. Right. Now."

T: "Calm down, Hailey... we can have a double date with him! Riley can even join on the fun and it'd be *sing-song voice* a triiiiiiple daaaaate!"

R: "Uhhh... no thanks."

T: "We could have so much fun in a big orgy pile with nothing on our hips!"

R: "Uh... I'll, uh, think about it. You're making me so uncomfortable, Tracy."

T: "*sing-song voice* Whoopsiiiiiiiiiiies! *normal voice* I apologize for my naughty, naughty imagination!"

H: "Apology accepted. I still fantasize about George... anyway, let's get showered up."

T: "May I be the little spoon?"

H: "Sure, whatever that means."

N: "Tracy adjusted the water temperature until it was warm enough for the three girls to get in, but not so warm that it would burn. Then they got in and washed up their bodies."

H: "So, what is an ABDL? Is that an acronym for something?"

T: "Yes! It is an acronym: ABDL stands for Adult Baby Diaper Lover. It's also known as 'omutsu' in Japan."

H: "Ohhhh. I get it now... 'Adult Baby' must refer to George crying, 'Waaahh' in the art club... and doing other baby stuff in some places..."

R: "Hailey doesn't feel comfortable talking about it. She blames her mood swings for a loss of bodily control."

T: "*gasps* There's a kink for making people cry?! That's so messed up, no pun intended!"

H: "I wouldn't call what happened a 'kink.' I feel like 'sudden wetting' is a more apt description."

T: "Okay..." (She washes the paint off of her hips.) "How did you know I wasn't wearing pants, that this- *points to her now bare, unpainted hips* part of me was painted, including my peach fuzz?"

R: "Because you just said and showed it... but I already suspected that you were bottomless from the moment we saw you."

H: "I admire your bravery. Seriously, just walking around with your p### and ass exposed? All the girls without pants would look up to you!"

T: "I'm an exhibitionist. I'm aware of my physical attractiveness, and when I do something that's naughty in a public environment, say, a national park, I expect to be caught in the act."

R: "Isn't there a simpler term for it... *yawns* like 'public indecency?'"

T: "That's the rude term for it."

R: "Oh... okay."

T: "*moans and fingers herself* And speaking of attractiveness! Your bodies are so very lewdly beautiful... aaahhh... eeeeeeeep... it makes me wanna jizz!"

H: "Yuck... Tracy, could you please not 'mack, stir, and hate?'"

R: "It's 'masturbate,' Hailey. And besides, her p###'s not even that clean yet... *yawns, then whispering* why don't we rinse each other off?"

H: "*whispering* Okay. We've got to be more resourceful, anyways."

[Hailey and Riley touch each other's bodies thoroughly, to make sure that every single sud was washed off. Tracy thought it was for a different reason, considering how dirty her mind is...]

T: "OH MY GOODNESS, YOU TWO! IT'S COMING OUT! IT'S GONNA COME OUT! YOUR LEWD ACTIONS ARE MAKING MY JIZZ COME OOOOOOUUUUUUUUUT!"

H: "Tracy, that's not what we're-"

*splurrrrt splurrrrrrt splurrrrrrrrrrrt*

T: "*heavy breathing* ... too late... I jizzed a bit..." (She looks at her hand, which is obviously covered in love syrup.) "Ohhhh ... shhhheesh... that's quite a lotta jizz... I jizzed a whoooole lot..." (She repeatedly licks her hand.) "Mmmm!" (She continues licking.)

H: "EWWWWW! GROSS! STOP IT!"

R: "...that is kinda yucky. I have masturbated before, but I never tasted my own cream, let alone see another girl taste hers."

T: (She stops licking her hand, smacks her lips, and places her palm under her vulva.) "Oops. Sorry, ladies... but my jizz was too delicious to just clean off!" *splurrrt* "*delightfully moans some more, then switches to a playful tone* Here! Try it!" (She playfully extends her cum-covered hand.)

*cue laughter as Tracy walks around the shower, extending her "jizzy" hand away from the water streams, while Hailey starts pushing herself and Riley away from said hand.*

H: "Ew ew ew! Nonononononononono! Riley, this girl is so gross! She might be a boy inside!"

R: "I really shouldn't taste your cream, you know? But... eh, whatevs." (She sucks on Tracy's hand, then pushes it out.) "Hmm... tastes like cherry pie... that... is deceptively yummy."

H: "Okay, Tracy. That's enough 'maps-to-raiding' for one girl." (She gets Tracy under the water streams and begins to wash Tracy's body off, similar to how she washed off Riley's body.)

T: "H-h-hey! Stop groping me!"

H: "Oh, I'm sorry, am I supposed to leave you to clean yourself up? No! We're wasting water here! So hold still, Tracy. This'll be done in no time!

N: "Tracy and Hailey struggled and argued with one another, until..."

T: ("I'm gonna jizz again. Well, time to feign surrender.") "Alright, Hailey, you win this time, but the next time I jizz, you'll hafta taste it. Deal?"

H: "Deal. Wait-"

T: "You've made the deal, Hailey. Let's smooch on it!"

H: "Okay."

[Tracy and Hailey kiss each other.]

T: "... did you put any soap on my coochie?"

H: "You mean your p**? ... 'cuz if that was what you meant, then no, I didn't."

T: "OK, then." ("Good. She's fallen for the trap! *laughs playfully*") "I'm gonna need you to lie down for a moment, face up, eyes closed."

H: "... all right." (She does as Tracy says.) "... d-did Riley miss a spot on m-m-me?"

T: (She lowers her butt, inch by inch. "*sing-song voice* Heeeeere it cooooooomes!")

...

[Tracy sits on Hailey's face, just in time for Hailey to taste Tracy's love syrup!]

*spluuuurrrrrrrrt*

T: "Haaaaaaaa... feels so good to jizz in another person's mouth..."

[Riley stood there, not knowing if she's aroused or terrified by Tracy's actions.]

H: "*muffled, terrified* Mmm! Mmmm! MMMMMMPHHH! MMMMMMMPHHH!" ("Oh god! I'm trapped! Riley! George! Noel! A-a-anyone! PLEEEEEASE! HEEEELLLLP MEEEEEEEE!!") {not a translation, but rather Hailey's thoughts...}

[Later, when Tracy squirted out the last of her love syrup]

H: "*trying to whimper* Phmmmph mmmmmph mmmmmmmm..."

T: "Okay, that's the last of it!" (She lifts her butt up, slowly but surely.)

H: "*gasps for air when Tracy's butt gets off her face* *breathing for a bit, then whimpering* That was so scary... I wanted my mom to help... *cries a fair bit*"

T: "If you didn't want my butt on your face, you shouldn't have been so ready to lie down... anyway, how did my jizz taste?"

H: "*still whimpering* It was terrible..."

T: "How did my jizz taste, though?"

H: "*STILL whimpering* I guess it was okay... kinda like how Riley described it... cherry pie, was it? ... Please don't bring that up ever again... *cries more*"

T: "I'm sorry for scaring you, Hailey, but I thought facesitting would be a pleasant surprise for you. ... I'll try not to forget that you don't like it..."

H: "*while crying* It's OK, Hailey... just don't do it to me ever again. Promise?"

T: "*sing-song voice* Prrrrrromiiiiiiiiiise!"

N: "The two girls kissed each other, to keep the facesitting incident behind them, to reaffirm their friendship, and to start living more happily ever af- dammit! I said it again! It only works once, you know!"

*cue slight laughter and then applause.*

###

...I mucked up, didn't I?

