Dragon Ball: Omorashi Chronicles - Android 18's Pee Disaster

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-19 20:59

During the time of the Androids where Vegeta & the others (except for Krillin since he decided to stay out of the fight) got defeated by the Mechanical Menaces. Androids 17, 18, & 16 left the scene and stole a Pink Colored Van to get to Goku's House.

C17: So 18 what do you think? This is kind of fun huh?

C18: ..........

C17: Is something wrong? You seem quiet for some reason.

C18: Just keep on driving 17. Don't bother me.

C16: I think 18 needs to use the Facilities...

C17: What?

C18: He means I need to use the bathroom 17! And 16 how could you tell I needed to!?

C16: My System can Scan emotions, movement, & signs of--

C18: Shut it 16!

C16: *smiles*

C17: Well we are far from Civilization so it might be best to--

C18: Don't you dare finish that sentence 17!

C16: To go outdoors.

C18: Stop the Van, I'm going to *blushes* outside but you guys better not follow me do I make myself clear.

C17 & C16: Yes ma'am -_-

[C18 walks out of the Van and walks into the Woods]

C18: Okay no need to panic. (*Pulls down leggings* *lifts up skirt* *Positions herself to Pee Stand Up*) Alright just let it go in 3, 2,....1

[C18 starts to pee stand up on a tree but her Urine is getting out of control when she's trying to aim]

C18: Oh crap I got some on my Legs & Leggings! Dammit on my Skirt too! I should've Squat or Sit instead!

[C18 fells over & accidently wets her entire Leggings & Legs plus her Skirt]

C18: (*stops peeing*) UH! This is embarrassing. I should go back to the Van anyways.

[C18 goes back to the Van while Mad]

C17: Um I'm guessing---

C18: Just go to a store so I can get new clothes & clean up a bit

C17: That should be best then

C16: I confirm so that 18 can clean up that Urine smell

C17: *chuckles*

C18: *Yells* Drive now 17!

[C17 drives to nearest Clothing Store quickly]

(NOTE: This takes place between where the Androids defeated the Z-Fighters [except Krillin] & C18 getting new clothes before heading towards to Goku's House)

Next Chapter: Videl's Desperation During Training

$$

*002*2017-09-20 01:30

{{1 hour ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Pretty good. Offers an alternate explanation as to why she changed her outfit

I'd like Videl to pee all the way without getting her shorts down. If she does get them down, have her pull them up either before she starts peeing, or less than halfway into it. That's the one I'm looking forward to because I have not read a single wetting story about her and she's the one I want to see it with the most.

}}

Thanks and don't worry about Videl's pee situation since I already have an idea for it. I'll work it on it soon or later. I am actually glad that I get to fill in the holes of the series or rewriting them :)

*003*2017-09-20 06:22

Great story. Can't wait for Vidal's.

