The Accidental 24-Hour Hold - Page 2

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*029*2016-03-24 16:28

10:59pm

Alice was surrounded by toilets. Everywhere. Tormenting her. She felt as though she was in some sort of nightmare, like the one she had when she was seven, and would wake up with wet sheets. The bathroom door was wide open, but there were men removing the toilets. Rows of toilets filled the hallway, and she wasn't able to use any of them.

"W-w-w-what's going on?" Alice asked one of the men, with tears in her eyes, her legs bent and her hand digging into the crotch.

"We're turning this into another meeting room, bloody hell love, you look like you're about to pop," the man said, noticing her bulging bladder, now plainly obvious.

Alice could barely comprehend the workman, as she was distracted by a steady stream of urine leaking into her trousers.

"Oh my God, are you wetting yourself?" another man asked, noticing the small wet patch formed on her crotch.

But Alice was already gone, desperate to find a way to relieve herself in an actual toilet. Running was almost impossible in her condition, and several small droplets of urine escaped her fit-to-explode bladder during her attempt to reach the toilets on the other floor.

"Alice, a word," her agonising waddle to the bathroom was interrupted by her boss, gesturing for her to come in to his office.

"P-p-p-please sir, I'm going to wet myself," Alice cried, every shred of dignity gone, as more pee dribbled down her leg.

"Come in my office, or you are fucking sacked," her ever delightful boss yelled.

Alice was so bursting to wee, she considered just accepting losing her job, and relieving herself. But journalism was hard enough to get into, and she didn't fancy six months without work. Reluctantly, she followed him into his office, hoping she wouldn't wet her knickers in front of him.

"Sit down, and wait there. I'm desperate for the loo," her boss told her.

"But sir, can't I go..."

"WAIT THERE"... her boss yelled.

Alice groaned, as she crossed her legs tighter, as her knickers grew damper further. She gasped, as she saw a liquid form on the seat. Clearly her knickers couldn't hold any more pee, and it was leaking through her trousers. Alice was beside herself, desperately holding her crotch in order to save her job. The pain in her bladder was so extreme, she wondered if she was going to pass out. A large fish tank was in his office, and the sounds of the water were almost too much for Alice to handle. She was absolutely dying for a wee, almost literally it felt, and relieving herself in the mug on his desk now felt like a solid option. Desperation got the better of her, and she slipped her knickers and trousers down.

She never thought she would expose her naked, neatly shaven pussy in her bosses office, yet the situation had forced her to act drastically. Alice gasped in relief as she began to pee in her mug, however within seconds, the mug was full to the brim, and Alice's bladder wasn't much less full. She used all her might to turn off the stream, before being faced with what to do with the contents of the mug. She noticed a flowerpot on the other side of his desk, so went round to tip it in. The sound of her own pee hitting the soil was not only agonising for her, but also reminded her of a time she was in a similar predicament when she was 17...

*032*2016-03-26 22:44

4:30pm, May 11th 2009

Alice took another swig of her one litre water bottle, as she continued to climb the steep hill. She found herself on a Duke of Edinburgh Gold Award expedition, in an attempt to impress potential universities. Alice had never been a particularly outdoorsy person, much preferring going to the cinema with friends, to walking in the rainy English countryside. Walking with her were five of her best friends, Peter, Emma, Kate, Michael and Jade, and having been walking since 9:00am, they were all feeling quite tired.

"Wait there guys, I'm desperate for a piss," Peter, Alice's boyfriend, was standing against the fence, ready to relieve himself.

"Same here, I'm busting, hold my bag for me," Michael passed his bag to Alice, as he followed Peter's lead.

"God, it's so unfair, you guys can just go wherever you want, whereas we have to hold it," Kate moaned, crossing her legs and bouncing around a bit.

"No one's stopping you..." Peter answered back, as his stream splashed against the fence.

"Yeah, you'd love that wouldn't you," Alice joked with him.

"Oh my God, I can't even listen, that sound makes me want to go even more," Jade cried, digging her fist into her crotch.

They kept walking a little longer, but the conversation topic had certainly been set.

"I'm seriously going to wet my pants soon, I can't hold on much longer," Jade moaned.

"Same here babe, I'm bursting for a wee," Kate responded.

Alice didn't say anything, but inwardly, she was desperate for the toilet. She hadn't gone since leaving the campsite that morning, and she'd had two bottles of water since then. While she wasn't on the verge of wetting herself or anything, she really had to go. Jade and Kate seemed to both be cursed with the world's tiniest bladder. Alice had lost count of the number of times Jade had left a film halfway through because she couldn't hold it anymore, while Kate was always outspoken about her need to pee in school, regularly informing teachers that she was dying to pee.

"What's the most desperate to pee you've ever been then?" Michael asked the girls.

"Easy one, I had that French oral test a few weeks ago, drank so much water beforehand that I nearly wet my knickers during the exam. I was absolutely busting to go, when I got to the toilet it felt better than sex." Jade was never shy when it came to both her bladder and her sex life.

"Oh my God Jade, you are too much!" Kate replied laughing. "Arghhh, I shouldn't laugh, it makes holding it even harder."

"How about you Kate?" Peter asked.

"Ooh, that's a tough one. Wait I've got it... when I was twelve, my friend dared me to drink a whole large bottle of Coke, but I forgot we were going to my younger brother's school concert in this church. Anyway, I forgot to use the loo before hand, and didn't realise how desperate I was until we got to the church, which had no toilets. I had to go so badly, I was actually crying, and in the end..."

"In the end what?" Peter persisted.

"I just couldn't help myself, I wet my knickers in front of all my brother's classmates. They still call me Miss Pee-pee pants, the little messes."

"Hahahahaha, brilliant. You're very quiet," Peter said, lovingly nudging Alice.

"Yeah, maybe I just don't want to talk about pee," Alice replied, shoving Peter away. Her need to go had increased dramatically since the start of the conversation, and she just wanted to get to the loo before she had an embarrassing accident.

"Do you have to pee too?" Peter asked.

"No," Alice lied, trying to avoid giving away any more signs.

"So you won't mind if I do this?" Peter started tickling her.

"Fuck off Peter," Alice's hands darted to her crotch as she tried to keep her pee in.

Eventually Peter relented, however Alice's mind was now firmly on finding somewhere to wee.

"That's it, I can't take it anymore." Kate's hands were firmly holding her crotch now. She went to the side, removed her pink jogging bottoms, took her knickers down and let go. "Oh my God, that feels so good." The stream of pee turned out to be too much for Alice, who ran to try and find somewhere secluded to release her pee. She found herself in a fairly muddy area, and as her need became almost too much, she quickly yanked down her dark jeans, and voided her bladder. She moaned, as her pent up pee escaped her urethra, and splattered on the soil below. She heard a squeal from Jade "I'm going to wee myself," as she ran over to Alice, pulling down her black leggings as she ran over. Alice's stream of pee turned into a trickle, and she got a tissue from her bag to wipe herself.

"Ah that feels better," Alice gasped, as she returned to the others.

"Same," Jade finished up her wee, and returned to the group. "I was moments away from wetting my knickers."

"Enjoy the show boys?" Kate asked, noticing their shellshocked faces.

###

11:09pm, 11th February 2016

Alice shuddered at the memory she just summoned. How she longed to find a bit of soil to free her from her pain. She crouched down to hold her crotch again, before her attention was drawn to her boss' computer screen. She noticed he had a video open: GIRL DESPERATELY TRIES TO HOLD ON TO PEE. The sick bastard, he was watching porn at work. Not only that, he was clearly trying to keep Alice from using the toilet to expose his pee fetish. Alice furiously returned to her chair, and tried to work out how to deal with this situation, without wetting her knickers like he so desperately wanted her to do.

*034*2016-04-01 21:40

11:11pm

Alice stared at the ceiling as her boss poured himself a glass of water. Her bladder threatened to explode any moment, and the sound of the trickling water was absolute torture for her. It reminded of a time when she was younger, and they had watched a video about waterfalls in geography. In the end, Alice was so desperate for the loo she had to beg the teacher to let her escape. Only Alice had no doubt her boss knew exactly what he was doing here.

"Do you know why you've been called in here?" he asked, as he took a sip from his water, making a point of letting out a refreshed gasp afterwards.

Alice just shook her head, she could barely speak at this point.

"See, editing this newspaper is a lot like constantly battling a storm of piss." Alice groaned at his delightful as ever analogy, as a long burst of wee leaked into her knickers. "And my job is to make sure we have a dam in place to withhold the torrent of accusations, accusations of laziness, not researching our facts properly." Alice was barely listening, as a tear escaped from her eye. Her battle felt futile, yet as a strong independent woman, she was determined not to let her boss bully her in this way. "And your job as a journalist, is to help maintain this dam. However, some have not been doing their job properly. Some have been allowing mistakes to trickle through."

Alice felt a warm drop of pee slide down her leg. "Allowing simple errors to leak out." She tensed up, as the pressure became almost intolerable. "Now this article," he held up the one she wrote earlier, "is so full of errors, I had to release a statement apologising on your behalf." Alice was in floods at the point, in both senses. A wet patch formed on her crotch, as any sense of control began to dissipate. Alice dug her hand in her crotch further to prevent any further embarrassment, and stem the unstoppable tide. "So what we're going to do now is you're going to write this properly and I'm going to watch you."

"Please can I go to the loo?" Alice was begging at this point. "I've been bursting to go since lunchtime, and my bladder feels like it may explode. I know that's no excuse for the article, but I've just been dying for a wee, and I feel like it's unhealthy for me to hold it this long..."

"You're not peeing, that's the end of it. You need to learn to become a proper writer, and not some shit tabloid journalist." her boss coldly told her.

A steady trickle started leaking, and Alice had to use all her might to prevent a full-blown accident. She started writing, but she knew help was on its way...

*037*2016-07-11 22:01

11:53pm

Alice's bladder weighed down on her like a bowling ball in her abdomen. Her mind was elsewhere, she could barely even hold her pen up properly. Of course, her boss didn't actually care whether she wrote anything, he just wanted to watch the poor girl struggle with a bladder ready to explode in order to indulge his perverted fantasy. She would wet herself, except she didn't want to give her boss the satisfaction. So she continued her practise of only letting go when holding became impossible, and only letting the smallest possible spurts out. Of course occasionally, the pressure would be too much, and the pee would seep through the crotch of her trousers, but she made sure her boss saw as little as possible. Alice could barely breathe, her need to urinate was that dire. She dropped the pen, and dug both hands into her urethra.

"YOU'RE A F-F-F-F-FUCKING M-M-M-M-MONSTER, I QUIT." Alice screamed, hobbling towards the door.

"You're not going anywhere until you finish that paper," her boss yelled, pushing her on the floor.

The force of the floor caused Alice to groan in pain, as a long spurt of pee leaked on her boss' carpet. Alice crossed her legs tightly, writhing on the floor while clutching her urethra as if her life depended on it. She wasn't going to let her boss win, no way. At this point, her boss grabbed a litre bottle of water, and tried to force it down her throat.

"Here, you look thirsty, drink some of this," her boss cackled.

A steady stream of pee leaked, as Alice's bladder just refused to take any more pee. At that point, the door swung open.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE?!?" a male voice shouted.

"HELP!" Alice screamed, with her bladder threatening to completely empty itself at this point.

The man punched her boss in the face, causing the open water bottle to spill all over the floor. It was her boyfriend, here to finally free Alice from her boss' evil hands. Alice wanted to see her boss face what he deserved, but her bursting desire for release was far greater. She ran to the toilet as fast as she could, but she wasn't sure whether she would make it without completely wetting her knickers.

*041*2016-07-12 22:45

Wednesday 12th February 12:03am

With every step towards the bathroom, another drop of urine leaked out of Alice's aching peehole. She could barely walk, such was her desire for relief, but she was also determined she wasn't going to wet her knickers. She wasn't going to let her bladder defeat her. The toilet she so desperately craved was only down the hall, but the walk there felt like an eternity, as she was forced to bend her knees, and bury her hands into her pussy with every step. Her legs felt the all too familiar feeling of wetness, as another few drops escaped her panties and trickled down into her shoes.

Tears streamed down her face, as the need again threatened to overwhelm her. She thought back to all the times in the past where she had been desperate to pee, where she had felt like her bladder was going to explode. How easy they looked in comparison. Finally the door of the ladies was in sight for Alice. A long spurt of wee leaked into her panties, and it took an almighty clench for Alice to avoid losing control completely. She swung the door open, and there it was, a toilet. She felt as though she was looking at the throne to her kingdom, a fortune she was going to inherit, rather than a plain, slightly dirty toilet.

Her peehole quivered once more, with relief in such proximity, and she was again forced to hold with all her might to prevent a flood leaking out of her urethra. Alice ran towards the loo, her bladder almost giving up the battle, as she ripped her trousers and panties down. She flung herself on the toilet seat, and finally let go. The relief was indescribable, as over twenty four hours worth of liquid left her bladder. The almost intolerable pain began to ease, into a more orgasmic feeling of relief. She revelled in the sound of all her coffees, glasses of water, cups of tea splashing against the toilet water, while the loud hiss was a beautiful accompaniment to the glorious act of urination.

She slumped her head in her hands, as she watched the torrent of urine escape her body. She took a good look at the wet patches on her panties, amazed that they didn't show up more on her trousers. She ran her fingers through her damp pubic hair and her pussy, enjoying every sensation in her body, as her pent-up piss continued to flow into the toilet bowl. She sobbed tears of joy, as her bladder began to fully empty itself, the severe pain in her stomach began to subside, and most importantly, she had somehow lasted the day without properly wetting herself. Three minutes later, she pulled up her panties and trousers, finally relieved from her mammoth hold.

###

Epilogue

The strain on her bladder had significantly weakened it, and on the way home from work, Alice found herself bursting for the loo again. Without any real ability to hold it anymore, she grabbed an empty coffee flask and wee'd into it, sighing in relief as she did so. She also jiggled around in front of the door while her boyfriend opened it, once again desperate for a piss. After a wonderful few hours with her boyfriend, she used the bathroom and fell into a long sleep. Her boyfriend went off to work his night shift, which was a relief for Alice, as she woke up to wet sheets. Her naked body was covered in her own pee, which must have leaked out during her sleep. Yet she didn't mind too much, as she was able to wash her sheets and take a shower with minimal fuss.

Determined to banish the mistakes of the previous day, Alice made sure she wouldn't put herself in the same situation again. On the train to work, she found herself in dire need of the loo again, and she squirmed away, digging her hands into her dress and muttering to herself. However armed with appropriate change, she was able to relieve her bladder at the station, and prevent an embarrassing situation.

Alice's boss lost his job immediately, and many suspected he'd be jailed within months due to his behaviour. Most people had heard about Alice's monumental hold yesterday, and were sympathetic, and didn't seem to question her constant dashes to the toilet throughout the day. She even had to be brave and speak up in a meeting, as she felt like she couldn't hold it any more. Of course she didn't became anywhere near as desperate as she did the previous day, but she still spent most of the day following a pattern of desperation and relief. Alice's bladder eventually recovered, although she and her boyfriend began experimenting with pee desperation as a result of the whole experience. One thing was for certain, Alice would never ever find herself that close to a bladder explosion ever again!

