Constance's Discovery (Fire Emblem Three Houses)

Author: Goldwood

*000*2022-08-09 03:35

It was a hard life as the heiress to a fallen house, but Constance was managing to get by. The blonde mage had been taken in at Garreg Mach Monastery and was even allowed to enroll in professor Byleth’s class. She was learning a lot and starting to make friends, but unfortunately had not made any progress on her mission to restore House Nuvelle.

She found herself in the infirmary at Garreg Mach tending to her friend Hapi. The red-haired girl had been incredibly sick the past few days and when the fever showed no signs of letup, Constance began researching a new topic. She needed a grand medical sorcery scheme that would cure thousands of people across Fodlan and restore House Nuvelle to prominence among the Adrestian Empire! And also cure her friend. That was important too of course.

It was a busy day at the infirmary. Hapi was bedridden as were Dorothea and Petra. The sickness seemed to be spreading throughout the Black Eagle house and it didn’t help that Edelgard was getting a wound dressed by Manuela. There was a crash at the door as Ingrid ran in dragging Annette who had sustained some burns during a kitchen explosion. Dorothea complained about the lack of cute guys to bond with, and Ingrid assured her she’d get her wish once she was done with Sylvain who’d left Annette unsupervised.

“Attention everyone!” Constance declared above the commotion. “I have found a new spell which should help cure this strange sickness! One symptom of the fever is high blood pressure and I have found a spell which should help me get a read on Hapi.”

“Of course I’m the test subject,” Hapi muttered.

“And you will be rewarded handsomely once I’m through. With this new spell, I should be able to read and change blood pressure,” Constance said.

Hapi stuck out her arm and Constance began to recite the spell. It appeared to be working by all accounts. She was about hallway through reciting it when…

“ACH-OOO!”

Hapi suddenly sneezed and completely startled Constance. The ball of magic she’d summoned went flying at hit Hapi in the stomach. Then then was a bright flash of yellow light which made everyone shield their eyes.

Constance reopened her eyes. “Um… that wasn’t ideal.”

“What just happened, Coco?” Hapi asked. “It hit me in the stomach and…”

Constance took a closer look and gasped. A golden number appeared right where Hapi’s blood pressure reading should’ve been. It read 36%.

“36% of what?”

Constance scratched her head and looked around. Similar values appeared over everyone who was in the room. Petra had 51%. Dorothea had 29%. Edelgard had 44%, Manuela had 41% and Ingrid had 61%. Lastly Annette had… 2%.

Constance turned towards Annette who was completely embarrassed. A damp patch ran down her legs and a pool of liquid rested at her feet. She noticed Constance staring and blushed.

“That flash scared me,” she laughed awkwardly. “Sorry about the floor Professor Manuela.”

“You’re fine dear. Go change and I’ll get Cyril to mop up. Everyone should probably step outside for a little bit of fresh air anyway,” Manuela said.

Then it all clicked. The magic orb had hit Hapi in the abdomen, but it had missed her stomach and hit her bladder. Somehow…

“Well that spell misfired. But I think I can make it work so long as I’m not distracted,” Constance said.

Everyone stared at her blankly.

“So what did it do?” Hapi reiterated.

“Rather than seeing her blood pressure like expected, I somehow wound up seeing her bladder fullness. I think that was due to where it hit,” Constance said.

The room laughed awkwardly. “Well okay then. How bad do I have to pee?” Hapi asked.

“A bit. 36, wait now it jumped up to 37%,” Constance said.

“Huh. That actually sounds about right,” Hapi said.

Constance nodded. “It’s not just you though. I can see everyone’s number in here.”

Dorothea giggled. “Ooh what’s mine?”

“29%.” Constance said.

“That sounds right. Got a slight urge,” Dorothea said. “Who has to go the most?”

“That’s a weirdly personal question,” Ingrid said.

“It’s Ingrid isn’t it?” Dorothea asked.

“61%!” Constance declared. “Then we’ve got Petra at 51 and Edelgard at 44.”

“I do have desperation,” Petra admitted.

“Same. I was actually on my way to the bathroom when I heard the kitchen explosion,” Ingrid said.

“So Constance, what does spell actually do in the grand scheme of things?” Edelgard asked.

“Aside from helping toilet train children, probably nothing practical. It’ll probably wear off in a little bit anyway,” Constance said. “But that’s not important. Who wants to volunteer for the blood pressure spell attempt two?”

There were no takers as the group filed out for a short trip outside. Constance sighed and left the infirmary empty handed.

Constance returned to the Shadow Library in Abyss and pulled out several more books in effort to figure out what went wrong with the spell. Had the sneeze just startled her and caused her to misfire into Hapi’s bladder? No, that explanation seemed far too simple…

“Hey Coco!”

Constance jumped in surprise as Hapi came around the corner. “Hapi! You scared me.”

“Whoops. You ready for dinner?”

“Sure,” Constance said. “I’ll be ready in… wait a second.”

“What?”

Despite several hours passing, a golden 7% floated above Hapi’s head. “Did you just use the bathroom?” Constance asked.

“Um, yeah. Is the number still visible?”

Constance nodded. “Says 7%.”

“Weird. Didn’t think the spell would last that long. What’s your number at?” Hapi said.

Constance paused. “I… actually don’t have a way to check.”

“Then let’s look in a mirror,” Hapi said.

“Good idea.”

Constance headed to the bathroom and looked in the mirror. Much to her surprise, there was no floating number. “That can’t be right. Why would the spell make me unable to check my own reading?”

“Well do you want to be able to check?” Hapi asked.

“I mean yeah, that’d be nice,” Constance said.

“Then it seems we’ve got only one solution. Why don’t you let me try the spell on you?” Hapi asked.

“Then you can keep tabs on me and I can cover you. Splendid!” Constance said. “You’ll be a great research assistant once I restore House Nuvelle.”

Hapi didn’t seem too impressed by that grand compliment, but played along. “Thanks Coco. Let’s try attempt 2 at this experiment.”

Constance led Hapi to her room and laid down. Hapi read the spell book and began to recite. Right when it came time to check Constance’s blood pressure, she angled the spell right towards her bladder.

And coughed. It seemed her sickness back at the worst possible moment. She inevitably butchered the pronunciation of the final word and suddenly two balls of yellow energy slammed into Constance’s bladder.

Constance shielded her eyes. Once she reopened them, Hapi gave her a thumbs up. “You’re at 44%,” Hapi said.

“Wonderful. I have a bit of a nagging urge, but I’m not about wet myself or anything. Seems accurate,” Constance said.

“Cool. I was a bit surprised to see two balls of energy hit you, but the result seems to be the same as what happened to me,” Hapi said.

“Wait, what do you mean two balls?” Constance demanded.

“Don’t worry about it. I’m going back to the infirmary. Could you be a dear and fetch some soup from the dining hall for your future research assistant?”

“Sure,” Constance said.

Constance made her way to the dining hall and fixed two bowls of soup. Pouring the liquid made her a bit antsy as she forgot to tend to her 44%, but it was nothing she couldn’t handle. She did have an interesting revelation as she saw Annette, 54%, talking to Mercedes who had no reading. It seemed the spell only had impacted everyone in room when it went off. Seeing Ingrid, 48%, roll her eyes at a joke from Sylvain whom had no reading confirmed this.

She returned to the infirmary and was immediately shocked by the readings of everyone there. Aside from Hapi’s 22%, Dorothea had 71% and Petra had 82%. Edelgard was also there and had 77%, looking sick after potentially catching the illness from earlier. Hilda was a new addition who had no reading, but was very much fake coughing in an effort to miss the reason exam the next day. She looked quite desperate too.

“Everyone’s numbers are so high. What happened here?” Constance asked.

“Manuela got drunk and destroyed the infirmary toilet when the,” Dorothea said. She pointed to the back corner of the room where an “Out of Order” sign stood on the bathroom door.

“That’ll do it,” Constance sighed. “Why not use the ones around the corner?”

“Seteth and Rhea got worried about the illness spreading once I got infected and they spotted the group outside. Now there’s a quarantine,” Edelgard said. “Maintenance should be fixing the infirmary bathroom any minute now.”

“I have hope they will,” Petra said. Her legs were tightly crossed and her knees were bouncing.

“Hey Constance, if you don’t mind, what’s my reading?” Edelgard asked.

“77%”

Edelgard nodded. “Sounds about right. I hope the issue is fixed soon.”

“What reading? Can someone explain what’s going on?” Hilda asked.

Constance gave her the rundown and the pink haired girl’s eyes lit up. “Perform that spell on me! If you can prove that I have an overactive bladder, I can get medical clearance to leave class to use the restroom several times a lecture!”

“Well do you have bladder problems?” Constance asked.

“No. But that’s nothing a ton of water, coffee, and tea can’t fix,” Hilda said.

Edelgard shook her head. “You’ll do anything to get out of work, won’t you?”

“It’s a creative solution, I’ll give her that,” Hapi said.

Constance rolled up her sleeves and performed the spell on Hilda. As she recited it, she became aware of her own urge spiking and made a note to visit the bathroom soon after. Once the spell finished, she saw Hilda’s 80.

“You’ve got an 80%,” Constance said. “Now if you’ll all excuse me, I’m going to nip out for a minute and…”

“You can’t go anywhere either,” Edelgard said. “I hate to be such a stickler, but if you’re carrying the illness and someone else passes by you on the way…”

“Oh… ok,” Constance said. “Nevermind then. “I’ll have this soup in the meantime before it gets cold. The toilet should be getting fixed soon anyway.”

The issue did not get fixed soon. In fact, things got even worse when Annette and Ingrid showed up a few minutes later under similar safety precautions. As they waited on the toilet to get fixed one thing became clear.

8 girls were stuck in one room without a working toilet. Things were about to get interesting.

*002*2022-08-12 02:55

Part 2

A/N: There's one diaper wetting in this part. Text is in orange for anyone who wants to skip it.

8 girls. 8 bladder percentages. No working toilet. Constance was fidgeting to no end as she wrote the readings on the blackboard.

Annette: 66%

Dorothea: 74%

Edelgard: 80%

Hapi: 30%

Hilda: 83%

Ingrid: 52%

Petra: 86%

Constance:…

“72%” Hapi said.

Constance was taken aback. “What? That can’t be right. I was at 44% before I left to grab the soup.”

“The soup and water must’ve gone straight through you,” Hapi shrugged. “Your reading goes up by 2 each time while other people’s go up by one.”

“My reading does what?” Constance demanded.

“Oop there it goes again. 74%. About to pass Dorothea,” Hapi said.

“Well look on the bright side. We’ve got a clear order that everyone can go in once the bathroom gets fixed,” Edelgard said.

“But what if we will not be making it?” Petra asked. She rolled up her skirt and a small coin sized wet patch was already visible on her underwear.

“Don’t worry about it, Petra. Help is coming any minute now,” Dorothea said.

Petra’s reading climbed to 87, and Constance wasn’t so sure. She felt bad for her, but knew she was also about to receive some interesting data for the spell she’d accidentally discovered. She was under the impression that you wet yourself involuntarily at 100%, but Petra was already leaking in the upper eighties. By the time she hit 90%, a small bit of pee was already on her bed. Hilda and Edelgard were just behind at 88 and 84. and Constance reckoned she was pretty close herself.

Petra’s first big leak came at 96%. A small pool formed underneath her and she was red faced. Edelgard and Hilda tried their hardest to look away and Constance felt a warm leak enter her own underwear. Petra was jumping up and down when the dam finally burst. A golden “100%” popped up and the number immediately started counting down. Her tight fitting tan skirt was drenched as pale yellow urine stained her clothes.

Seeing Petra go was too much for Edelgard whose reading jumped from 92 to 100 in the span of a minute. Unlike Petra who fought of the inevitable while in the 90s, it seemed she simply was unable to overcome her leaks once Petra’s accident began. Her red silk leggings soon turned maroon and she hid her face in embarrassment.

“Two down, six to go,” Hapi said.

“Hapi!” Constance snapped. She was well aware that she would be either 3rd or 4th and didn’t need any reminders. A small follow up stream came after Edelgard’s main accident and that caused Contance yet another leak. Hilda was bouncing up and down across the room with a fleeting glance towards the out of order bathroom in false hope. Several streams raced down her legs as her reading hit 97%, but Constance lost control first.

One moment, Contance was fighting to keep her sphincter shut. The next, she simply couldn’t feel it at all. Her eyes widened as a golden deluge flooded her underwear. She tried to stand up and keep the damage from hitting her white dress, but she wasn’t entirely successful as several telltale streaks turned certain patches see through.

“Cute underwear,” Dorothea giggled as the light hit Constance’s dress at the just the right angle.

Constance blushed and was beyond thankful when Hilda’s wetting stole everyone’s attention a few seconds later. The pink haired girl knew there was no use fighting it and sighed in relief as an ocean sized puddle formed beneath her.

Constance returned to the blackboard and updated everyone’s capacity. What fascinated her was the fact that no one’s bladder returned to 0% after voiding. Petra was at 30, Edelgard had 24, and Hilda had 17. The concept of “breaking the seal” was nothing new and it was interesting to see how it was represented in numerical data.

She turned to Hapi who held up three then six fingers. To her credit, another urge was already nagging her. “I don’t understand, Hapi.”

“Your bladder fills twice as fast compared to everyone else,” Hapi said.

Constance thought back to the two balls of energy that hit her. She was nearly on pace to wet herself twice before Hapi wet once! For whatever reason, that idea seemed mortifying.

She had barely written Dorothea’s 96% when the former songstress began to wet. While most people had wet standing up, she remained lying down as she’d never stood up and her legs appeared to be shaking too much anyway. She moaned in relief and spread her legs as her bladder voided and completely soaked her bedding. Urine spilled over the sides in a torrent before slowing in a steady drip that looked torturous for Annette, Ingrid, and Hapi.

Of the final three, Ingrid’s need had surged to the highest percentage and she cited two mugs of tea at dinner as the reason why. She was at 86% and was fidgeting quite badly. Her movements seemed slightly different compared to everyone else. While everyone else was worried about the front of their pants, she seemed particularly worried about the back and sides of her pants. Rather than fighting until the bitter end, she ended things on her own terms once she hit 94% and the pain became too much.

She sighed in relief and Constance watched her reading rapidly start to count down. However, one key aspect of wetting was missing- the pee. Constance heard the sound of trickling water and Ingrid blushed once she knew she was exposed.

“I didn’t know what effects the sickness might have, so I brought some precautions,” Ingrid said. She pulled down the top of her pants where a completely saturated diaper was visible. The front was pale yellow and the wetness stripes were dark blue.

“I could’ve used one of those,” Dorothea said. “Wait a minute. How did you get one in an adult size?”

Ingrid stared at the floor red faced. “Um, well…”

“I could use one too!” Annette yelped.

The petite redhead was dancing on the spot when her reading hit 100%. She twirled around and laughed it off as she soaked her pants in the infirmary for the second time that day. Constance had no clue how she could hold so much urine and felt the next round of dribbles as she watched. Hapi flashed up the number 70 and Constance sighed. Her doubled filling rate was becoming quite an issue and she’d need to find a way for Hapi to change it back as soon as the mess in the infirmary was sorted out.

Hapi was the last one dry given her pee before finding Constance, and even she was up to 78%. Constance was well on pace to go twice before her, not to mention Petra, Edelgard, and Hilda who’d already crossed 50% as a result of breaking the seal.

Despite her suspicions that Hapi might outlast all four of them, it never came to fruition. Hapi hit 82% and declared enough was enough. Constance waited for her to wet, but instead she climbed up on the counter.

“Might want to look away,” she said. She then pulled her shorts and underwear down before peeing in the sink.

Constance facepalmed as did everyone aside from Ingrid. Hapi finished and Petra scrambled up to use the sink right after.

“How didn’t we think of that?” Edelgard said in disbelief while voicing what they all thought.

Constance had no clue how the idea escaped her brilliant mind, and she was in no position to take advantage of it either. She watched Petra pull her skirt up and pee through her already saturated panties and knew that was the end of her own bladder. Golden liquid ran down her legs and Constance had no choice but to watch with no control over her body.

Moments after she was done, the door opened.

“Hey ladies. Hope you all feel better,” Claude said. His nose then picked up the dominating scent of urine. “Now what happened here?”

Edelgard folded her jacket over her soaked leggings. “Maintenance never came by to fix the toilet and things spiraled out of control.”

Claude grinned. “Gotcha. Excuse me for a moment.”

He walked to the back of the room opened the bathroom door. Edelgard reiterated it was broken, but Claude ignored her and peed. Once he was done, the toilet flushed perfectly fine.

Stunned silence filled the room.

Claude walked out, took off the “Out of Order” sign and headed out. “Manuela never threw up and I never contacted Seteth. I just wanted to mess with Hilda a bit since she’s obviously faking her illness. Thought it’d be funny for about twenty minutes until Fodlan’s best and brightest figured it out. Have a nice night!”

“Claude von Riegan!” Edelgard yelled. “When Seteth finds out about this…”

Claude grinned and shut the door.

Once he was gone, all eyes turned to Edelgard.

“You trusted Claude?” Hilda stammered. “Of all the people in the monastery, you believed the most notorious schemer?”

“Well no one thought to check in fairness,” Edelgard said. “Besides, Manuela is the professor for the Goden Deer House so it made sense in my mind…”

Constance laughed. “What a night. At least I discovered a new spell.”

“Very true Constance. The original spell might not have worked, but this one certainly does. Perhaps you could teach it to others,” Edelgard said.

“I would be so honored!” Constance exclaimed.

All eight of them were still quarantined, so they stayed up late into the night talking. Constance’s spell was a major topic of discussion as the group bounced ideas off of each other trying to figure out how to improve it. Constance remained cautious about teaching it too early with Hapi’s mishap being the chief reason why. It was perhaps the weirdest bonding experience she had ever had.

Eventually they called it a night. Just before Constance drifted off, she considered the scope of her discovery. In trying to cure a sickness, she seemed to have discovered an entirely new area of magic by accident. It seemed that brighter and possibly wetter days were in store for House Nuvelle going forward.

*005*2022-08-12 18:11

{{14 hours ago, Bucketman said:

With this story, I’m pretty sure every girl in 3H has had omo of them done in some form of media. Congratulations

}}

If so, I'm glad to have helped with such a worthy cause!

*008*2022-08-21 22:50

Part 3

The ladies of House Nuvelle always hosted marvelous tea parties and Constance was honored to have resumed the tradition now that her house was restored. Her dearest friends from back in her academy days had stopped by for a reunion on this particular occasion. Her kettle whistled with steam as Constance poured mugs for Annette, Mercedes, and Hapi.

Mercedes took a sip and looked down into her mug in amazement. “Constance this tea is rainbow colored! And it tastes as good as it looks.”

“It’s an honor to be invited to a party at House Nuvelle, so of course I had to go all out for my guests!” Constance said.

Annette and Hapi liked the rainbow tea as well. Constance poured herself a mug and the four of them said “cheers”. Rainbow tea was incredibly sweet and loaded with caffeine, so it was something she always reserved for herself on special occasions. Once everyone was finished, Constance gave everyone a refill as the scones were ready. They laughed and told stories while eating and drinking. Hapi finished her second mug and asked for another refill of rainbow tea. Constance poured with the kettle showing no sign of running low.

“That must be a much bigger pot than it looks like,” Annette said.

Constance beamed. “That was another one of House Nuvelle’s discoveries! The magic kettle that never runs out!” To demonstrate, she grabbed a large ceramic bowl and continued to pour. The rainbow tea kept flowing like a never-ending faucet.

“Easy Constance,” Mercedes laughed. “All that pouring is making me really need the ladies room.”

Ladies room.

Ladies room.

Ladies room.

Constance awoke to a completely soaked bedspread in the infirmary. She sighed while pulling her blankets off and looking down at her drenched clothes. She thought two accidents the night before would’ve been enough to keep her dry till morning, but that was not the case. Her rapidly filling bladder was even worse than she thought.

Her rustling of the sheets woke Hapi in the next bed over. The red haired girl looked over and her eyes widened at the stain. “Wow that was a whole ocean,” she whispered.

“Oh be quiet,” Constance whispered back. “This is a disaster. I need to fix my bladder as soon as possible. I can’t be an esteemed noble if I can’t even keep my pants dry.”

“Well it’s not like you’re the only one with that concern,” Hapi said.

Constance looked around the infirmary. Even while asleep, the bladder readings remained above everyone’s heads, slowly counting up as the night wore on. There were only two exceptions. The first unsurprisingly was Ingrid. She had gone to bed around 40% and was now at 12%. Her sleeping position had left a noticeably yellow diaper exposed as her blankets were a bit short.

The second exception was happening three beds over. Hilda’s reading climbed up from a 97, to 98, to 99, to 100%. A giant stain began to form beneath her and the pink haired girl woke up a few moments later. She looked down and blushed, making eye contact with Constance and Hapi once she realized they were also awake.

“Looks like I drank way too much water after all that fake coughing yesterday,” she giggled softly.

“That’ll do it,” Hapi said.

“Well, I’m gonna dry off and head back to bed. Have a nice night,” Hilda said.

Constance turned back to Hapi. “Easy for her to say. We need to fix this spell on me now.”

Hapi yawned. “We’ll test it out in the morning.”

Constance shook her head. “Hapi it’s 3:15. My bladder might not last until the morning. We need to do something.”

“Oh I’ve got an idea,” Hapi said.

Constance perked up momentarily until she realized that Hapi’s “idea" didn’t involve magic at all.

Hapi got out of bed. “Psst! Ingrid!”

The blonde haired knight woke up and Constance grimaced well aware of where this was heading. “Constance needs a diaper,” Hapi whispered.

Ingrid nodded and pulled one from her bag. Constance shamefully accepted it and tiptoed to the bathroom. She changed into it, cringing at how loud each crinkle sounded. She only had 16% according to Hapi with no urge to pee, so she headed back to bed. Her condition was officially just as annoying at night, if not worse. There was a lot she’d have to figure out the following morning.

*010*2022-08-26 23:32

I'm back. Just like part 2, skip the orange text if diapers aren't your thing. It just would've been malpractice to plant "Checkov's diaper" earlier and not use it

Part 4

By some miracle, the diaper was dry the next morning. The infirmary was stirring as the clock read a quarter till eight. Annette and Petra were awake and waiting in line for the bathroom to relieve their 74% and 70% capacities. Constance got in line behind them figuring she might as well save her diaper for when it was absolutely necessary.

Manuela walked in a short while later. “Good morning dears. I talked to Seteth and Rhea about the sickness. It seems to be dying down a little bit, so I need you remain quarantined until this evening. That will be twenty-four hours. Then everyone not sick can leave.” She headed out moments later, not spending any more time around the infected students than necessary.

“So about ten more hours. Lovely,” Dorothea said.

“Beats school!” Hilda said.

“If we're stuck here, I guess I can try and teach everyone the spell,” Constance suggested.

“Might as well,” Edelgard said.

Constance beamed and explained the basics of the spell. Annette caught on quickly and asked to try it. She repeated the spell and there was a flash of yellow light. “I think I got it!”

“Who has the highest reading?” Constance asked.

“Hapi at 65%,” Annette said.

“Yep! We’ve got our first success!” Constance declared.

One by one, the rest of the group tried out the spell. Yellow light flashed overhead, and the girls cheered as each attempt worked. Soon the last person to cast the spell was Petra.

“I am not sure this is a good idea,” Petra said. Constance certainly understood where she was coming from. The princess of Brigid was incredibly smart, but magic was the one area she struggled with. Reciting spells in her second language didn't help matters either.

“It’s okay Petra, you’ll do great,” Dorothea said. “Just repeat slowly after Constance.”

That gave Petra some confidence. “I will be trying then.”

Constance walked her through the spell slowly but surely. A globe of yellow energy formed in the air and Petra gave a satisfied smile. It began to glow brighter when disaster struck. Petra flipped two words around and mispronounced a third. The globe of energy exploded into dozens of small spheres which flew in all directions. Constance screamed as a sphere hit her. She shielded her eyes from the flash and other shouts indicated that the spell had done a lot of damage.

“Well, I just got hit with the spell. Anyone else?” Constance asked.

Everyone had been hit by the spell except for Petra who jumped out of the way and Annette who cast Wind to blow a yellow sphere flying towards her away at the last minute.

“So what effect should that have on us?” Ingrid asked.

“I have a guess, and you’re not going to like it,” Constance said. She monitored everyone’s readings for a few minutes and her theory was confirmed. Edelgard, Dorothea, Hilda, Hapi, and Ingrid’s readings now went up by 2%. A quick confirmation from Hapi revealed Constance’s reading increased by 3%. “Yep. Looks like everyone who got hit had their bladder shrink,” Constance said.

“I have apologies,” Petra sighed.

Dorothea shook her head. “No, it’s my fault Petra. I encouraged you.”

“And I tried to go through too many words at once when this isn’t your native language,” Constance said. “Group responsibility for sure.”

“Then we can fix this together,” Dorothea said.

That sounded good in spirit, but reversing a spell they knew little about naturally proved difficult. A handful of ideas sounded plausible, but no suggestions were regarded as a consensus good idea. Dorothea volunteered to be a test subject, but Manuela returned before they could get started.

“I brought some soup, bread, and fresh tea for lunch. Is everyone doing okay?” Manuela asked.

“We’re… doing great professor,” Dorothea said.

“That’s great to hear,” Manuela said.

Constance supposed Dorothea handled the question correctly. The illness from the night before had all but worn off on everyone. Besides, what was she supposed to say, “We accidentally cursed ourselves and destroyed our bladder capacity”?

Manuela left leaving the eight of them to their lunch. Ingrid headed to bathroom. Constance could feel her own urge building up, but she opted to simply wash her hands in the infirmary sink before the soup and tea went lukewarm. Her thinking proved to be a popular choice as everyone’s readings hovered around the 70s excluding Ingrid’s. Hapi told Constance she was at 74% and Constance returned the favor telling Hapi her 81%. Hapi’s legs were tightly crossed as she ate, yet she put off the urge to get up during lunch. The soup and tea were great in all fairness.

Everyone’s focus returned to their bladders after lunch. There was a lull in the conversation and Hapi got up, bladder at 92%. She headed to the bathroom but was beaten by Edelgard, eager to relieve her own 88%. Hapi shook her head in annoyance and Constance flashed her own reading. Hapi returned the favor and Constance winced at the 89% she sent back. Her old condition was rough, but her new increases of 3% were something else! She headed towards the bathroom planning to get in line.

“Hey I’ve got a higher reading can I go first?” Hapi asked Edelgard.

Edelgard shook her head and rushed inside. “Sorry Hapi. I’ve put this off too long myself. I’ll be quick!” Closer inspection revealed Edelgard had already leaked a bit into her red leggings. She shut the bathroom door and her reading began to count down. Hapi cursed before remembering the sink.

“Guess I’m doing this again,” Hapi said reaching to pull her pants down.

Before she could get there, the infirmary door opened. Hapi awkwardly sat down on the counter and Constance looked up. Archbishop Rhea walked in.

“Oh hi Lady Rhea!” Annette piped up.

“Hi. I just wanted to check on everyone. Manuela said the sickness seems to be weakening,” Rhea said.

“It is,” Dorothea said. “I had it pretty bad yesterday but today I’m just a little sluggish.”

Rhea continued to talk with several students. Constance knew rationally it would only be a few minutes, but each second truly felt agonizing. Hapi grabbed herself every time Rhea’s back was turned. Normally Constance would’ve been horrified by her lack of manners, but she totally understood and barely stopped herself from doing the same. Hapi’s reading hit 94 then 96%. Hapi flashed a nine then a five, but Constance cut her off, not seeing any use in knowing more. Rhea turned to talk to Hilda, which put Constance in her field of vision. Constance swallowed hard knowing she was unable to openly hold herself, something she’d considered even though it was improper.

“So Hilda, Claude told me your case of the sickness was quite severe. Is everything okay?” Rhea asked her.

“Oh no. Hilda's going to waste a bunch of time pretending to be sick,” Constance realized. She felt something warm as a leak of pee escaped. She patted herself down and remembered she was still wearing her diaper from earlier. Part of her longed to use it immediately, but she had no idea how much it would hold. “What if it leaks right in front of Lady Rhea?”

“I’m… getting better… Ah choo!” Hilda said realizing she needed to resume faking her illness.

“I see…” Rhea said, naturally unconvinced. She put a hand on her forehead.

“The fever went away this morning,” Hilda said.

“Oh no. This taking forever,” Constance thought as she leaked again.

As Hilda got a case of “chills” Constance and Hapi traded pained smiles. Hapi was up to 98%. Constance suspected she was there as well.

Her dam burst almost immediately after that thought crossed her mind. Unlike earlier accidents in which her face had burned in embarrassment, she was forced to keep her appearance as straight-laced as possible while trying to hide it. Warm pee gushed out of her and steadily pooled in her diaper. Constance stood up as discretely as she could and stepped back a little bit. Her heart pounded and she tried to cut off her stream. That worked briefly, but it wasn’t quite over. She cringed internally as Rhea turned to her during the last few leaks. Constance mumbled a few awkward responses to her questions followed by a “Thanks Lady Rhea” at the end.

At long last (even if only a few minutes of real time), the archbishop left the infirmary. Constance could feel her diaper sag and she patted it experimentally. It was quite warm!

“Uh oh,” Hapi said.

Constance turned and saw Hapi completely lose control while sitting on the counter. Her reading counted down rapidly and a giant puddle of dull yellow started forming beneath her. Hapi tried to get over to the sink, but gave up once she realized she was nearly empty. Resigned to her fate, she shrugged and unleashed the last bit on her own. Golden droplets dripped down the side of the counter and onto the floor.

“Well that wasn’t ideal,” Hapi said nonchalantly.

“I’m so sorry!” Edelgard said. “You did have the higher reading and I might’ve been able to run in and make it as soon as she left…”

“Eh it happens. No one knew the archbishop was coming,” Hapi said. “If only there was a way that I could’ve pulled urine out of my bladder and put it in yours…”

Constance then got a brilliant idea. “Actually, who’s to say that there isn’t?”

*012*2022-08-27 17:35

{{9 hours ago, Bucketman said:

It’s a fun development. Though I think a little work needs to be done with the character voices. Mainly the fact that Rhea is far too formal to simply say “Hi.”

}}

Yeah that line could definitely be better haha. I've played the game enough to get a pretty good feel for the students but not so much the church people

