Late Night at the Gas Station (Furry Wetting Story)

Author: Guest AlejandroDelFueg

*000*2016-08-13 15:59

A dumb, one shot omorashi and wetting story I wrote on my phone. The beginning is based on a true story. I think it should be pretty obvious where the real part ends. April may become a new character in the near future. But idk. Hope you enjoy some desperation and stuff.

###

It was well in to the night, nearly 1 in the morning as I drove along the highway. The moonless night and heavy clouds veiled the long stretch of road in thick darkness, though from what little I saw, I knew I was nearly an hour from home. Though that fact would normally comfort me in an unfamiliar place so late at night, something else was on the top of my mind.

My bladder was bursting, and I would never be able to make it home dry.

As much as I hated getting off unfamiliar exits to look for a gas station, I was not going to risk soaking the driver's seat of my car. Seeing an exit ahead, I began to turn in to it. Not even off of the ramp, I saw a gas station seconds ahead of me. Just the thought of relief made me squirm slightly in my seat. «Just hold it for one more minute.» I thought to myself.

I pulled in to the station, trying to collect myself. Though there were no cars out front, I wasn't about to run through there, paws in my crotch, acting like a desperate child. I stood up, locking the car and walking in.

It was a small store, with only a few shelves of snacks and convenience items, magazines, cigarettes, and lotto tickets by the counter, an adjacent counter hosting several self-serve coffee makers, and a line of fridges along the back, with a large sign saying bathroom in the far corner. Trying not to look too desperate, I casually made my way towards the toilets. The door to the men's room was just a few feet away, when I heard a voice call out to me from the front of the store.

"HEY! Sir, the restrooms are for customers only!" I turned around, seeing the only employee of the small store. She was a river otter, at least half a foot shorter than me, with short cut, yellowish dyed hair, wearing a store uniform with a name tag reading April.

Desperate, but not wanting to appear so or act rude, I reply "I'll get something when I'm done, promise."

"Not good enough. How do I know you won't just run out when you finish?"

As desperate as I was, I really wanted to avoid conflict, so I sighed softly. "Okay, okay." Being late in to the night, I decided coffee would be a good idea for the rest of my drive, to keep me awake, and I had a dollar to spare, so I made my way over to the side counter, grabbing a disposable foam cup. I held down the lever to dispense the hot beverage. The sound and sight of liquid pouring in front of me caused an urgent contraction of my bladder, and I squirmed slightly in place to try and hold it, letting a slight whine escape. I blushed deeply, hoping April hadn't noticed. But she did. I poured in some creamer and sugar quickly after, not even bothering to stir, capped the cup and made my way to the counter.

"Okay, and will that be all?" I nodded, and she proceeded to ring me up. I quickly scanned my card, and waited for the receipt. She handed it to me, and I took it. "You're all set, then." She waited for me to start to head to the bathroom once more, before saying. "Hey, store policy says we can't let you go in to the bathroom with hot food or beverages."

Stopping in my tracks, I sigh, turning to her. "Please just let me go. I'll be out of your hair in just a minute."

Grinning at me, she just shook her head. "Sorry, I don't make the rules. You'll just have to finish your coffee and go after."

Blushing, a thought occurred to me. The tone in her voice suggested that, maybe she could care less about store policy, but had another reason for doing this. I decided to walk back to the counter, leaning against it. "You don't really care about the rules, do you?"

Her eyes widened and she responded, a bit nervously. "O-of course I do. I don't want to risk my job."

"Do you really think your manager will care if you let one person go and relieve themselves at 1 in the morning? If I had to take a guess, I'd say you're in to bathroom stuff."

She sighed, blushing deeply. "Okay, fine, you caught me! Just please don't tell anyone, especially management."

"Hey, come on now. I wouldn't want to get you in trouble." I swirl my cup of coffee a moment, before taking a slow sip. "I'm not in any rush, and it must be boring as hell this late at night. How about a little show?"

A deep blush formed on her face as she smirked, her sharp, white teeth visible. "Oh, I like where this is going~ I'm not going to let you go so easily."

Almost as if on cue, my body nearly screamed at me, as I now decided to deny it relief purposefully while giving it even more liquid, sending a soft shiver down my spine, almost causing me to lose it right there. I had no choice but to grab myself with one hand, leaning against the counter and squirming in place. I whimpered softly, and took another sip of the hot, caffeinated drink.

April watched with interest, finding it hard to believe she was actually doing this. She had all the power over me, and it excited her. At any moment, I could wet myself, but I wasn't allowed to disobey her and go relieve myself in her bathrooms until I finished my coffee.

I whined softly, squirming and holding myself as I slowly drained the disposable cup of its contents. I knew I wasn't going to last long at this rate, so I tried to drink quickly, without looking like I was rushing. I then felt a contraction far more intense than the previous ones. I tightly grabbed my groin, but it didn't help. I felt just the tiniest squirt escape in to my jeans as I bent my knees inward, my legs tightly together.

«If I keep this up,» I thought to myself, «I'm going to wet myself. I have to finish this.» The last bit, I didn't slowly sip, but tipped the cup over and emptied the rest in to my mouth, gulping it down and placing the cup on the counter. "Done. Now I can go."

This sudden change through April off guard. She was enjoying watching me nearly wet myself so much, and didn't want it to be over. "W-wait, you can't yet! I have to, um..." She scrambled for an excuse in her mind, and quickly said "I have to clean the men's room!"

"Well, what's to stop me from using the women's room? No one is here." I made no effort to hide my desperation anymore as I quickly paced to the back of the store.

"T-that's out of order!" She ran from behind the counter, passing me as I was pacing myself, and physically standing between me and the bathrooms. "Y-you have to wait out here while I clean."

I let out a soft whimper, as another sudden bladder contraction caused me to drive both paws between my legs, grabbing at myself, and sending me down on my knees. "F-fine, just hurry, okay?! I'm seriously about to wet myself." I blushed as I heard those words escape my lips, but I was past the stage of being able to act decent.

"You'll be patient and wait like a good little wolf." She turned and went to a door between the restrooms and pulled out a bucket of cleaning supplies, before taking them in to the men's bathroom. The inside of it was simple, containing both a toilet and urinal, and a sink and mirror, and all were nearly spotless. The truth being she had cleaned it nearly an hour ago and no one had been it since then. She didn't even bother to pretend cleaning, expecting me to just wait until she came out.

Sitting in the corner and waiting for her word, I had lost any and all care for trying to hide my desperation. Sitting in front of the bathroom doors, I squirmed, rubbing my legs together as I whined softly, fighting intense and lengthy waves of desperation, determined not to let her make me lose control. Though I was at my limit, and any moment, my body would decide against my will when I would go.

Though she had other things in mind. This whole situation had gotten her fairly aroused. She held herself close to the bathroom door, listening to the sounds of me squirming and whining just outside, and couldn't help but let a paw drift south, undoing the button of her jeans and unzipping herself. Before she could take it much further, she heard me get up and scramble for the door.

I pulled it open quickly, and spoke quickly, nervously. "I-I can't wait any longer! P-please, get out! I'm about to lose it!"

She looked at me, surprised, and just as thoughts of lust were filling her mind, she decided to, instead of moving out of the way to let me in, pin me against the wall. "Oh, no you don't~ Not going to let you go that easily." She leaned against my chest, pinning me against the wall with her whole form. Then, with no warning, she went up on her toes and kissed me.

Taken completely off guard, I held the kiss, letting out a soft whine as my bladder completely let loose. There was no stopping the flow, as my jeans became dark and wet. My body flooded with a sense of relief and embarrassment at the same time, the pressure finally lessening inside my bladder, but at the cost of my dignity. She grabbed at my crotch, feeling my bits underneath as my urine soaked down my pant legs, slowly going until a puddle formed underneath me.

I whimpered softly, pushing her away as I let loose the flood. It continues for what seemed like forever, my pants hot and soaked. The scent filled the too slowly, and I finally managed to say something. "... I-I told you... I couldn't hold it."

She looked up at me, blushing deeply and still smiling. "Aww, the poor wolfie couldn't hold it all in~" Her hand continued to play with my wet jeans, and she moved to unbutton them. "Looks like you're going to need a change."

My eyes widened, hearing that word. I was now in no mood to continue with wherever she was going with this. "Hey! No! April, that's enough." I gently grab her arm, pulling her hand off of my crotch. "This was, certainly an interesting time. But I have my limits."

"B-but -"

"No. I'm sorry, but, I didn't mean to let things go this far." I look out to the rest of the store. "Please just let me clean myself up, and go on my way..."

She looked at me, almost with a begging face, but I wasn't going to give in. "Fine... But, you'll be back some time, right? This is the best night I've ever had around here."

I hesitate, not sure what to say. "We'll see... I don't quite know." I step away, making an exit from the store. She looked down at the puddle I left, blushing as thoughts entered her mind. As much as she wanted to indulge in those thoughts, she knew she had to clean up after me.

While she got out a mop bucket, I grabbed a change of clothes from the trunk of my car, then went to clean myself up as best I could using the bathroom sink. We didn't say a word to each other as we silently cleaned up from this awkward encounter.

Now cleaned up, I left for the exit, passing the counter. Hand on the door, I looked back to see her still mopping up outside the bathrooms. I decided to produce a pen, take the receipt for the coffee and scribble a number on to it: my number. I placed it near the register, and made my leave, wondering if she'd dare call me back for another round.

