Out with the girls

Author: Guest beth

*000*2016-11-18 17:43

"Shall we move on?" Dan suggested, "this place is getting a bit too busy."

A nod of agreement went around the table, and the girls gathered up their purses as Dan put his coat on.

"Shall we stop at the loos first?" asked Emily, "I could do with a quick wee." This was music to Jess' ears.

The sheer volumes she liked to drink on nights out combined with her tiny bladder had forced her into a strict pre-night-out ritual of minimal fluids all day, and a pee last thing before leaving the house. Unfortunately for Jess, her flat mate had decided to take a long shower right when she was getting ready, ruining her ritual and keeping her away from her trusty tena ladies.

She was, understandably, bursting, and without her usual protection. Even a small accident in these conditions would ruin any chance of getting lucky, and she'd worn her nicest underwear too.

The three stood up from their table, surveying the evidence of the vast quantities of alcohol they had drunk on their table, and made their way towards the toilets to let some of it back out.

As they turned the corner Jess' heart sank. The queue for the ladies' was enormous, and she could feel the weight pressing down in her abdomen. Instinctively she relaxed to let some out into her pad, clenching just in time as she remembered the unprotected satin milimetres from her urethra, her bladder cursing her bastard of a flat mate. "Next time I'll just barge into the bathroom," she grumbled.

"Well, have fun, ladies!" smirked Dan as he sauntered to the queueless gents'.

"This is so unfair!" prostested Emily, "Boys have it so much easier; you can just pee whenever you want."

"Yeah," piped up Jess "You never have to hold it. You don't know our pain."

"Well I'm very sorry that we have such efficient toilet habits, and offer my gender's sincere apologies. If there's anything we can do to make it up to you, just let me know. But for now, I have to pee so I'll see you later!"

"Maybe there is something you can do. You could always try and see how we feel." suggested Emily.

"What do you mean? Only go when you guys go?"

"Yeah," challenged Emily, "see what it's like to have a vagina for a night."

Feeling his belt digging into his rapidly filling bladder, Dan sized up the queue and decided he could hold it until the girls got to the front.

"You're on."

"How badly do you have to go?" whispered Emily.

"I'm pretty desperate actually, Em." replied Jess.

"Oh I forgot, you always wear a pad out don't you? You'll be fine." declared Emily, turning on her heels and striding towards the door wearing a massive grin, not waiting for the desperate Jess' reply.

"Where are you going?" cried a confused Dan.

"Well we don't have to go that badly, so we thought we'd just move on. Unless you really have to go?"

"No." lied Dan, reluctantly following them out of the pub.

*002*2016-11-18 18:49

Anyone outside the pub would have seen three students walking out, and may even have noticed two surreptitiously feeling their crotches for evidence of a leak. The cold air was a shock to the system for all three, and only Jess, consciously clenching to keep her best knickers clean, managed to shiver without spurting. Emily, not particularly needing to pee, felt a quick squirt come out, and quickly put a hand between her legs to find a lucky escape, she was dry.. Dan, unaccustomed to leaving a pub with a full bladder, wasn't so fortunate. A jet of piss shot out into his boxers for three long seconds, and only after it stopped did he realise he'd peed. Slipping a hand into his pocket he found he'd made quite the mess, but luckily it wasn't yet showing on the light blue denim of his jeans. For the second time that day he found himself holding his cock through his pocket and begging his bladder to stop screaming.

Six hours earlier, Dan had been sat in an exam, squirming around in his seat. He'd read somewhere that logical decisions are made better with a full bladder, and had consequently downed several bottles of water before his exam. As he put the finishing touches to the last question, confident his throbbing bladder had guided him to the right answers, he felt a worrying sensation in his cock. He was dribbling. He clamped down with his all his might, and managed to stop it. 

Just as he scribbled his final word, the invigilator announced the last 30 minutes. Anyone who wanted to leave early should raise a hand now and hand in their paper, for the last 30 minutes nobody can leave. Much to Dan's relief, he had finished, so he raised his hand and held his paper up. He could feel his bladder contracting as he thought about the sweet relief that was just moments away, and as the invigilator walked towards him it contracted to much. Piss began streaming into his pants, and he dropped his paper and grabbed at his crotch with both hands.

"Are you ok?" asked the invigilator. Dan managed a nod as he squeezed his tip, looking down to see a wet patch on his jeans. The invigilator took his paper, and Dan stood up, hurriedly walking towards his bag, hand firmly in his pocket holding back the flood. He barely kept control as he bent to pick up his bag, and hobbled to the toilets where he lost control in front of the urinal, piss flowing into his pants as he wrestled with flies to unleash a mighty stream into the urinal. His jeans were wet, his pride was broken, and his bladder weakened.

*005*2016-11-18 20:13

"Dan!" shouted Emily, "Can I borrow you jacket please?" her jumpsuit woefully inappropriate for the cold weather.

"Sorry, I was miles away there. Of course."

He handed her his coat, the cold making his weakened bladder scream. Here he was, lending his coat to the girl he'd fancied since freshers, and slowly pissing into his boxers. He squeezed again and stemmed the flow, praying that he could keep his dignity in front of his crush.

"Can we get moving please?" asked Jess, rubbing her thighs together, the urgency of her full bladder making her voice high pitched. Dan spotted this and realised relief couldn't be far away. He just had to hold it longer than Jess.

They walked down the road, laughing and joking, Jess and Dan desperately trying not to flood their underwear, Emily just feeling the first twinges of desperation. Eventually they reached the club, a grim little joint with sticky floors in need of renovation, but with a queue nonetheless.

As they stood in the slow moving line, Jess took the opportunity to confide in Emily. "I really have to pee, Em. I'm going to burst if I don't go soon."

"Oh come on, Jess. I do too, but don't ruin our fun. You just need to outlast Dan. Can't you just let a bit out?"

"I'm not wearing a pad. Fucking John and his long showers."

"It's okay, Jess, you can..." Emily stopped as she leaked, gritting her teeth and clenching to stop it. The warmth spread around her knickers and trickled down her leg. "you can hold it."

Jess snuck a hand under her dress to hold herself. Her favourite knickers were still pristine, but the stabbing pains told her they wouldn't stay that way for long.

*007*2016-11-18 22:08

The three stood in the queue for what felt like an eternity. Dan and Emily had regained some control, and were busy flirting while Jess squirmed, rubbing her poor bladder through her dress and clenching like her life depended on it. Eventually they made it to the door, and Jess declared her urgent need and walked off in search of toilets. Emily and Dan walked behind, both secretly glad of their friend giving them the chance to pee. Jess led the way to the back, proud of herself for making it to the club without even dribbling. She walked into the corridor with the 4 toilets, and was dismayed to find the first two boarded up. 

She walked to the third to find it overflowing, and the fourth with a queue of three lads and a fourth inside, pissing with the door open. Dan and Emily joined the queue behind her, and waited while four lads took their turn to unleash torrents of piss into the toilet. Jess tried not to look, but couldn't help it, and felt the pressure growing in her bladder. Finally Jess' turn came. She walked into the cubicle, lowered the seat, turned around, pulling her pristine knickers down with one hand while reaching for the door with the other.

"Shit." There was no door. She hastily pulled her knickers back up, cutting off a tiny leak that had started. The growing queue staring at her.

"I won't do it. I can't show all those people my bits." She told her friends. "Why the fuck can't this club keep their toilets in order!" she screamed "and why the fuck aren't I wearing a pad!" The attention of the queue was on her now as she ranted. "Fucking John, fucking showers, fucking nice knickers," As her anger rose she began to pee, the hotness filling her satin underwear and flowing down her legs, pooling around her feet, she shuddered with relief as she calmed down and regained some composure, her aching bladder finally empty.

Dan and Emily watched on in shock. Both couldn't help but let streams into their underwear which had just begun to dry. They gasped and looked at each other in unison, stopping just sort of joining their friend. Like a mirror both reached to their crotches to check the damage, finding matching small wet patches, but admitting nothing.

*011*2016-11-21 13:23

"Thank God!" exclaimed Dan as he thrust himself into the stall, pulling his cock out of his damp jeans.

"What do you think you're doing?", Emily grabbed him by the shoulder.

"Erm, pissing? Jess just did, so surely so can I?"

"She wet herself, you're more than welcome to do that, but neither of us have been to the toilet yet."

"That's not fair! She could have gone if she wanted."

"Fine, you can pee. You have to sit down though."

Dan looked at the queue behind them and realised the last thing he wanted to do was sit down and pee in front of them.

"You can always just wet yourself," Jess chimed in, realising Dan would have to spend the rest of the night with a massive wet patch on his blue jeans, whereas her accident was now only evident from her knickers. "It feels much better than holding."

"Fine," Dan grumbled. "I'll wait until Emily goes."

The three walked back towards the bar, Jess enjoying her empty bladder, and the fact that her black dress hid all evidence of her accident. Emily however, was starting to worry. Her bladder was dangerously full, one wrong move would send a full evening's drinks coursing down her legs, a much more obvious accident in her jumpsuit than Jess' dress. How she envied her.

Dan walked behind Emily, admiring the way her hips swayed as she walked, transfixed by what looked like a thin wet patch running down her left leg. Had she lost control back there too? His heart leapt at the thought that his ordeal would soon be over.

"Can I get you a drink?" He offered.

Emily panicked and agreed. She couldn't deny it or he'd know how desperate she was to pee, but she couldn't drink it or she would wet herself right there.

Three drinks arrived on the bar, and a cheery Jess raised a toast "to dresses, and the accidents they hide!" She grinned at her two friend, who were clearly in considerable pain, taking an educated guess at why they were both keeping their hands in front of their crotch. As Emily began to drink she felt her bladder scream in protest, letting out a short blast which ran all the way to her ankle.

"Fuck it, we're leaving. I have to find somewhere to pee. Now." She stormed out, leaving Jess and Dan to down their drinks and follow her. They walked out of the club after her, and as the cold air hit them, Dan clenched, letting only the smallest drop out. Noticing his discomfort, Jess relished the opportunity to empty the small amount of urine in her bladder into her soaked knickers, being sure to let Dan know what she was doing.

"Oh shut up, Jess. Let's just find Em so I can go!"

They walked a little way down the street and found Emily in an alleyway struggling with the zip on Dan's jacket. "Dan, get this fucking thing off me so we can go!" she barked. He stood face to face with her, undoing his jacket, the tension unbearable. The pressure building in his penis and the beautiful girl he was undressing were sending him crazy. Emily was momentarily distracted from the urgent throbbing between her legs by the poor squirming boy in front of her, her desire to see him piss his pants giving her the will to hold on a little longer, until a spasm brought her back to reality. She had to go. Now.

At last the jacket came off and Emily fumbled with the back of her jumpsuit while Dan undid his flies. Pulling his leaking cock out and pointing it at the wall, he was about to release when Jess grabbed him.

"No penis, remember! A girl would squat."

He turned around defeatedly, and pulled down his jeans, revealing his soaked boxers to the girls, dancing around, he pulled them to his ankles and squatted, before finally releasing his bladder's immense load onto the pavement.

He was shuddering with relief, enjoying the gradual emptying of his aching bladder when Emily dropped her jumpsuit, revealing an incredible body, perfect curves, and hips shaking as she rubbed her legs together. As she lowered her underwear, revealing her steadily leaking privates, he couldn't control himself, and his penis shot up, sending his stream into his jeans and soaking them. Emily squatted and unleashed a torrent on the floor, biting her lip at the orgasmic relief, the hot urine tickling her as it gushed out.

Jess stood in the middle, transfixed by her friend's racehorse stream. Finally her stream came to an end, and both girls began laughing uncontrollably at poor Dan's accident.

"A quick tip for squatting, Dan." Emily laughed as she pulled her clothes back on "knickers on your knees."

Dan flushed red, and had barely pulled his soaked jeans back up before he began plotting his revenge.

