The Beginning

Author: Guest Hypnolover78

*000*2021-01-24 16:58

Rika scampered across the alleyway into the dark of night. Her cat ears fluttered as she paused to catch her breath, someone was approaching her. She hid behind a dumpster, covering her mouth to try and muffle the sound of her desperate breathing. "...Here Kitty Kitty..It's alright Rika...come on out." A voice said. "I...I am not a kitty...j..just leave me alone..." Rika stammered. "You agreed to be by servant, when I found you you were barley able to keep standing, you were so hungry.....You knew quite well what you were getting yourself into."

"I don't want to play anymore...p..please let me go." Rika said as she curled up into a little ball and sobbed quietly. "For once can you act your age and come with me? You aren't some 5 year old. You may act like one but you must face the reality of it all...you are a grown woman, you chose this life for yourself."

"W...well Now I want someone else.....I was born to be a servant to someone....and I have come to terms with that. But I will chose who my owner is....I will...." Rika's eyes flashed a different color. Her voice began to trail off as the light seemed to drain from her eyes. She stood up, in an almost robotic fashion. She turned and faced her "Mistress", walking to her side. "There, that's a good girl. " The woman said as she caressed her cheek.. "Oh you must have been so frightened.....do you remember what I told you to do when that happened?"

"Yes Mistress..." Rika droned in a tired tone. There was a soft hissing sound between the two of them. Rika, who only had on a shirt and some panties, soiled herself in front of her owner. There was not even a hint of emotion or embarrassment on her face as she did. Her Mistress smiled in a sick sort of delight. "That's better..now come along....I need to return you to your cage."

"Yes Mistress..." Rika droned as she followed her Mistress close behind. Another figure dropped down from above, silently landing behind the dumpster. "Don't worry Rika...I am coming to save you." The figure said.

To Be Continued if you guys like this story.

*002*2021-01-26 02:20

{{2 hours ago, scourge728 said:

I like it

}}

Thank you! I have loved writing stories about Rika.

