Skinny Jeans Hurt

Author: gfbiy7352

*000*2018-11-23 21:27

Kirsta always pretty much wore skin tight skinny jeans everyday to school and otherwise. She loves the way that her legs look, her body is perfect at just around 6 feet tall and a healthy weight. The seventeen year old regreted that decision one day when her bladder was full.

She was in third period of seven, her need started there. Pressing thighs together worked just fine. However in 4th class on it was more and more difficult. The extreme tightness of the jeans caused her to wriggle and rock continously. Just when she thought that she was going to explode she would barely make it to the end of each period. But there was a problem.

In every passing period, the lines at each working girls' room was so long. Kirsta bent her legs, hopped around, but had the agony of having to get to her next class. Her crotch stung very very much causing her to squel in great pain. This was caused by two girls' rooms having stalls that were broken.

By last period her jeans caused her bladder to feel like she was going to die. The agony was very severe. She was bouncing, hopping, jumping, shaking, crossing and uncrossing and recrossing legs. By the time that halfway through the 55 min period came, she said FORGET IT. She started pissing, the stream on her jeans went down passed her knees.

She did not care about her classmates laughing(some had wet themselves), she was no longer in pain. She felt warm seeing her soaked butt, thighs, and calves in her jeans and got some privacy before dinner ;)

