The Gigglefit

Author: guber

*000*2021-09-22 03:27

Hi, long time lurker that figured it was time to contribute. This was somewhat inspired by an old story on the Female Desperation site which I cant remember the name of.

"If you make me laugh again, I'm going to pee my pants!" I gasped out as my laughter faded off.

Lindsey, also coming down from a laughing fit, glanced quickly at my crotch then met my eyes again. "Looks like your dry to me."

My pants, some dark aquamarine jean-style corduroys, were indeed dry. These pants were like most I wore, snug fitting, but not skin-tight. The pink bikini panties under them were not so lucky. The last fit of giggles had left what must have been a dollar sized damp patch. Much more and my pants would have started getting wet. If I didn’t do something soon, they would, as I knew I was too close to losing control, laughing or not. I started standing up to run to the bathroom and save my pants but getting on my feet from sitting cross-legged had to be done slowly to avoid losing it. I made it to my knees before Lindsey continued.

"You’re not getting off that easy Erin."

Lindsey and I had been friends for a very long time. Over the years we had spent lots of time together and had seen each other pee our pants before. We also knew what made each other laugh and Lindsey had a guaranteed way to get me in stitches. She locked eyes with me, and I knew what was coming.

"Please don't, I wore these to class today and we are going out later." I pleaded, feeling pee surge against my sphincter. "What if someone asks why I’m wearing different pants?"

"I'm sure you will think of something..." Lindsey smirked as she paused. "Pudding."

For some reason hearing the word pudding in isolation made me laugh almost without fail. I tried as hard as I could to suppress the laughter but failed almost immediately. As the first laugh burst out, I squeezed my legs together in a last-ditch effort to keep my pants dry. For a very fleeting moment, I thought I would succeed. Then the second, and third laughs hit, and I knew nothing I could do would stop the inevitable. Everything slowed down as I felt pee start to flow out of my bladder.

The warmth began flooding my pink panties, the jet of pee quickly getting soaked up by the soft cotton. The hissing of my involuntary release was almost audible over our laughter. The flow of warmth spread outwards, quickly moving past the existing wet patch, and flowing between my legs, up towards my belly button and up the underside of my butt. The warmth continued to flow around as I kept peeing. The cotton began clinging to my skin, but as the fabric became saturated, I felt the pressure of the waistband increase on my hips.

As I felt my panties flood, I also began to feel wetness begin falling down my legs. I knew what this meant all too well, though I could not observe it as the giggles from Lindsey's comment were causing my eyes to close. I knew a dark stain was blossoming out from the crotch of my pants, the discoloration forming an unmistakable pattern. On the front, the stain would be rocketing out across the tops of my thighs and creeping up the zipper towards the buttons and my belt buckle. Even though I was kneeling the seat of my pants would also be darkening, a semi-circle stain beginning from the underside of my butt cheeks which would expand upward encroaching on the back pockets.

This expansion would not last for long as the stain quickly began to rush down my thighs to the floor. First this happened in small trickles, which soon grew into great rivers which stained the corduroy in swaths. These rivers ended at my knees, where pee began to puddle on the linoleum floor. The puddle continued to expand, the part of my pants covering my lower legs were also stained. It felt as if they wanted to partake in my accident as much as the rest of my pants. The backs of my calves got hit with splatter from the rivers cascading down from my butt, causing isolated stains the same shade as the rest.

After what felt much longer than it was, I was able to bring my laughter under control and stop the flow of pee into my panties. The consequence of my untimely giggle fit glistened on my pants, now two distinct shades of aquamarine rather than one. The pattern was immediately obvious to anyone, I had completely and totally peed my pants. Rather than dwell on the fact I had to change my pants or face public humiliation; I quickly turned my gaze to the cause of my misfortune and saw that revenge was within my grasp.

Successfully getting me to wet my pants had sent Lindsey into a giggle fit of her own. Now, while still laughing, she was trying to stand up with one hand burred in the crotch of her tight mid-wash blue jeans. I was not the only one who had a full bladder and the giggles. As Lindsey finally made it to her feet and started to turn in a mad dash for the toilet, I saw the fabric clutched by her hand suddenly darken. She stopped and buried her other hand into her crotch to pause her own accident and I decided I would not be the only one with a tell-tale stain. As Lindsey fought to keep her jeans from getting any wetter while still laughing, I stood up and lunged forward. As she tried to resume her dash to the toilet, my hand grabbed her arm. I found myself staring directly at Lindsey's butt as she jerked against my arm and yelled between gasping laughs "Let me go! I can make..."

The last bit of her cry was cut off by a sudden hissing and a rapid burst of darkness across the back of Lindsey's jeans. The stain spread rapidly in all directions, up towards her belt, around under her butt cheeks out towards her hips, and down her legs. As I watched and started to giggle again, the flood poured down Lindsey's legs, a puddle growing around her feet. I felt warmth flowing in my panties and down my legs again and realized I had still had to pee somewhat. There was no point in running to the bathroom now.

Lindsey turned around, cheeks red. The stain on the front of her jeans was impressive as well. "Guess I deserved that." She said with a nod to our soaked pants. Then she turned to look at her butt. "This was a big one, I really had to go."

I smiled back at her, twisting around to show her my soaked butt. "I did to. Not sure I would have made it anyway."

Lindsey stole a glance at the clock on the wall. "If we spin some laundry quickly, everything should be done before we were going to leave." She was already undoing her belt.

I was ahead of her, already working on the buttons of my corduroys. The still-dry top of my panties was exposed as we walked in the direction of the laundry room "You owe me some shorts while we wait, pudding."

We both giggled again, and one last spurt of pee shot into my pants.

