Sleepover Struggles

Author: gldnsnowflakes

*000*2024-06-14 12:53

This is my first story so forgive me if it's bad :3 All the characters are adults!

###

It was late at night when the two hedgehogs and the fox finally put their controllers down for good and started setting up their sleeping arrangements. Tails was extremely pleased at how well the sleepover had been going so far. Sure, Shadow and Sonic had been overly competitive but that was nothing new. There had been no fights (no bad ones at least) and Tails was glad that he had worried for nothing. It had been his plan to get the two hedgehogs to become more friendly with each other and them having fun together was a step in the right direction.

Shadow stumbled over an empty soda can - one of many that littered the floor - and kicked it in Sonic's direction with a growl. Normally, he would have thrown it at the blue blur, but he was feeling quite... peaceful, even though he had carefully pick his way around Sonic's discarded drink cans.

"Is the run to the bins too far for you, Sonic?" he remarked sarcastically. "Oh c'mon Shadow, you're just grumpy cuz I almost beat you at the last game!" the blue hedgehog shot back with an arrogant but friendly smirk.

"That's what you call beating me? You only just started to catch up to me in the last couple of rounds!"

"Yeah, but you're like, a pro at these games and I was playing it for the first time so-"

"Guyyyys", Tails interrupted their banter "can't we just agree that we all had fun tonight and leave it at that?"

Shadow nodded in quiet affirmation while Sonic strode over to pat Tails' head. "You're right dude. We really had a lot of fun, so thanks for inviting us over."

Tails blushed and nodded meekly. Sonic's praise was his weak spot. Still, he silently agreed with Shadow's opinion on the soda cans on the floor. But he would worry about that the next day when the guys were gone, he decided. His eyes followed a flying pair of shorts that Sonic had tossed in the general direction of his backpack while Shadow was standing beside him, neatly folding up his own pair of sweatpants.

Tails fought back a blush and took off his own shorts and tee. For most Mobians, it was normal to be nude or at least semi nude most of the time; if anything, it was more uncommon (especially for the three of them) to be wearing anything at all. It had been a cold day though so they all had opted for an extra layer of fabric during the day to feel more comfortable. Tails knew that both his friends were well-built, especially in certain areas but seeing the two hedgehogs undress so casually felt almost intimate. Tails shook his head, what was wrong with him tonight? Shivering, he wrapped himself in his plush blanket and sat down on his futon.

Once everyone’s sleeping bags and blankets were set up, the three friends got comfortable but none of them was ready to sleep yet. Sonic was sipping another soda while Shadow was downing a bottle of water to flush the sugary taste of snacks and soft drinks from his mouth for good. Tails sat cross-legged, watching the two when a slight twinge from his abdomen distracted him from the two hedgehogs.

He decided to get up and visit the bathroom one more time before going to sleep when Sonic suddenly blurted out "No sleepover is complete without some spooky stories! We can't go to sleep without getting a bit scared first!" The blue hedgehog set down his drink, got up and before his two friends could even blink he had switched out the small lamp that was still illuminating Tails' living room and had instead brought out a flashlight. Shadow didn't protest this development and Tails had forgotten about his slight need. This would be his chance to prove to the other guys that he was just as tough as them and not scared of any ghosts or demons or any other spooky apparitions that might go bump in the night.

And so, the three of them settled down. Sonic started out with a scary urban legend, but their storytelling session soon devolved into a heated discussion about various legends, conspiracies and creepypastas. Sonic and Tails excitedly finished off a few more sodas to keep themselves awake with the caffeine and sugar in the fizzy drinks while Shadow produced a thermos of green tea from his backpack.

It got later and later, and they were all so engrossed in their discussion that none of them noticed the growing urgency of a particular need until their bladders were swelling from the liters of fluid that were running through their kidneys. Once or twice, one of them shifted position to get more comfortable but none of them ever paid any mind to what it was that made them uncomfortable and restless in the first place.

It was almost 2am when Tails finally noticed that something was wrong during a short pause in the conversation. He was still sitting on his futon cross-legged, wrapped in his warm cuddly blanket while the hedgehogs were laying on their respective bedding when a sudden cramp in his abdomen made him sit up a bit straighter. Sonic, who had been laying on his back turned slightly to look at Tails while Shadow didn't shift from his position. "You alright there Tails?" Sonic asked. "Uh- uh y-yeah I just had an, a, uh... I got the hiccups from drinking too much soda I think" the fox finally stammered out sheepishly.

Shadow slid over a bottle of water in his direction and Tails had no other choice but to gratefully accept it and take a few sips before giving it back. "T-thanks, all better now!" Stupid! Why didn't you use the opportunity to go to the bathroom? Why did you lie? Didn't you have to go like three hours ago already? the logical part of his brain scolded. Tails took a deep breath, but he couldn't get the words out. It'll be weird if I go now and I really don't wanna tell the guys what's up... besides, none of them needs to go! I'm not a baby, I can hold it! And I don't wanna get up now... The fox continued making up excuses until he had almost convinced himself that he didn't need the bathroom after all. Still, none of that stopped the dull ache radiating from the swollen bulge in his abdomen...

Tails had no way of knowing that his friends were also struggling and that they were in a similar predicament. Sonic's relaxed position was in truth the only one that didn't risk jostling his bladder too much and Shadow could have sworn that laying on his side somehow gave his organ more space to expand. Tails had his legs crossed just the tiniest bit tighter than before under his fluffy comforter. None of them let the others notice his situation though, and so, everyone struggled on in silence.

"That's the last can for tonight!" Sonic had decided an hour (and three cans of soda) ago. His stomach had felt bloated from all the fizzy drinks sloshing around in there and he couldn't remember how many liters of the stuff he'd drank over the course of the evening. Yet, his drinks seemed to disappear way too fast during their lively discussion and before he knew it, he had a fresh can in his hand and was sipping away to soothe his parched throat. By now, a good amount of the drinks had made their way through his kidneys and into his bladder that now felt even more bloated than his stomach had before. His member laid flaccid between his bent legs, and he gave it a quick squeeze under the cover of his blanket. His eyes wandered over to Shadow who was nonchalantly relaxing on his side and casting a disappointed glance towards his seemingly empty thermos before giving his opinion on the current topic of discussion.

What was the topic again? Again, Sonic turned to sneakily look at Shadow. How could the black Hedgehog be so relaxed? He'd drank at least as much as Sonic, and he'd even downed that thermos of tea! Maybe I'm overreacting? Sonic thought to himself. Maybe I don't even need to pee that bad and I'm just focusing on my bladder too much. He gave himself another squeeze. No way I'll go to the bathroom before Shadow does. I'm way stronger than him so my bladder must be stronger too! I'm sure he'll have to go soon with the amount of tea he chugged! After one last squeeze, Sonic turned his attention back to the conversation even though the heavy pressure in his bladder did not allow him to focus on his friends fully.

Shadow had been surprised when he raised his thermos after what felt like only a few gulps to find it empty. It wasn't a small one either, in fact this 2L flask was the biggest thermos he owned. Enjoying a nice cup or two of green tea had become Shadow's evening ritual and he had originally intended to share his tea with his friends. Then again, there was probably no space for new fluids left in them, considering the liters of soda the two had consumed. Speaking of space... Shadow could have sworn that he could feel the tea filtering through him at lightning speed. Barely half an hour had passed since he had noticed the empty thermos and it felt like all that tea had now been magically transferred to his bladder.

It felt like a steady stream of liquids was flowing into his swollen abdomen - Don't think about streams now - or liquids - or anything like that! Even though Shadow's face remained neutral, he gritted his teeth when a sudden spasm in his pelvic floor made his penis twitch. Even though he tried to repress the feeling, his instinct was screaming at him to find a bathroom stat. But he refused to jump up and run to the toilet like a little kid when none of the others seemed to feel the impact of the copious empty soda cans strewn around them. I won't go until Sonic does! he mentally promised himself.

With his goal in mind, Shadow forced himself to continue participating in the discussion - after all, there was nothing wrong with a little distraction - until suddenly, Tails jumped and made a weird noise. As Sonic turned to question the fox, Shadow used the opportunity to lightly graze his fingers over his bladder. It felt rock hard and hot and even his careful touch felt like a punch in the stomach. Through the pain, he heard Tails say something about hiccups. Shadow sighed; anyone would get hiccups after drinking his way through a week’s supply of fizzy drinks! He didn't get the fuss but he slid a bottle of water over to Tails anyways.

The cool bottle felt weird in his hand, like an ice cold finger that was poking right into his bladder. Luckily, the phenomenon only seemed to last for a second before Tails grabbed the water and took a few swigs. Well he definitely doesn't have to piss if he can drink like that. Shadow thought to himself bitterly. Losing against Tails would somehow feel like even more of a failure; even though Shadow liked the fox, it was well known that Tails was just a little ...softer and weaker than anyone in their group. The sight of a few stray droplets around Tails' mouth was so mesmerizing that Shadow almost missed the water bottle that was passed back to him. He steeled himself for the weird pressure again but what came next was so, so much worse.

The water in the bottle sloshed as he pulled it back towards himself and Shadow's bladder contracted at the same time. His member twitched again, once, twice, and then... an ice cold drop of water touched Shadow's hand and he flinched just the tiniest bit. His sphincter relaxed and before Shadow could react, he could feel a burning hot gusher of piss travel down his urethra, feeling almost painful as it exited his peehole with incredible pressure. The spurt hit the inside of his sleeping bag, dripped into his fur - Shadow's whole body seemed to tense up in an immense effort to stop the flood. He succeeded, briefly, then came another twitch of his prick and with that another scorching burst of piss. This time though, Shadow gained back control over his body, even though his bladder, his sphincter and his penis felt like they might burst open with white hot pain.

Shadow licked his lips, ready to justify himself but nobody seemed to have noticed his loss of control. He took a deep breath. Now he'd be unable to get up at least until his piss had dried or he'd risk making himself a laughing stock in front of his friends. For the first time that evening, Shadow slowly slid his hand down to his penis, cringing at the warm wetness clinging to his fur and gave himself a firm squeeze.

The minutes seemed to tick by at an agonizingly slow pace. Well, the agonizing part was true at least since the three Mobians were suffering badly by now. Each of them was gripping their members under the cover of their blankets and sleeping bags, their bladders so swollen and distended that they stuck out like watermelons. Each one of them was so incredibly desperate, yet either too stubborn or too shy to give up and by now, none of them would have had a chance to reach the bathroom. Still, the three tried to keep up their conversation to distract the others from their respective growing needs even though none of them could really focus on anyone else anymore.

Shadow was the first one to lose control. His earlier leak had not helped his situation, instead, his loss of control had broken the seal and caused his kidneys to kick into overdrive. His bladder had swollen so much beyond his normal capacity that it felt like a heavy ball of hot molten metal inside Shadow's abdomen. The pain and the cramps were driving him crazy, and he didn't even notice the dribbles at first. Then, a final cramp shook Shadow's muscular body, he bit his lip, felt his sphincter twitch one more time and then give up. Again, boiling piss surged up Shadow's urethra and sprayed against the waterproof inside of the sleeping bag.

His aching member gushed out splashes of piss, his bladder so seized up from the strain that it could only release its load in painful hissy spurts. The rest of Shadow's body felt frozen as his urine flooded out of him, squirted against the sleeping bag and rained down into a puddle below him. That was it. He had lost control. Shadow took a shuddering breath and prepared himself for the others' ridicule but... nothing. He took a sneaky glance at his friends. They both seemed distracted, tired and... something else, faces flushed, eyes glazed over, and voices strained. Shadow looked down - nothing. The waterproof sleeping bag was keeping his flood inside! He might get away with this after all! Still, it seemed like relief was still very far away, his bladder still only allowing tiny high pressure spurts, his sphincter screaming, his penis twitching, all while Shadow's kidneys continued working, almost filling his bladder back up faster than it could release.

Sonic's bladder was the next to give in. He had been laying on his back, hand resting on his member, trying to fight the waves of desperation surging through him. The blue hedgehog was gritting his teeth and berating himself mentally for being so weak. C'mon Sonic, you're the only one struggling - the others are perfectly fine! Are you seriously this weak? His abdomen felt like it was on fire, his bladder seemingly filling out the entirety of his lower body. The water-filled organ was so heavy and round it almost looked like he was pregnant. Sonic hissed. He wasn't weak. He would show his body who's boss!

Slowly, his gloved hand slid down to his tender swollen abdomen. He imagined his bladder underneath, crying for relief, full to the brim of hot, golden urine but he refused to give in. Even more slowly, his gloved fingers found the apex of the bulge and, without a second thought, pressed down. The feeling was unlike anything Sonic had ever felt. His bladder was so full that it was hard to the touch, barely even moving under his poking fingers, but the pain was incredible. When Sonic snatched his hand away, the stinging, burning sensation was replaced with an almost orgasmic relief that brought tears to his eyes.

Still though, even with his hands gone, the feeling of poking, prodding, cramping persisted, coming and going mixed with waves of pleasure that made him dizzy. When the first warm drops emerged from his tip, Sonic snapped back to reality with a start. He clasped a trembling hand around his penis and, with a shudder, clamped it shut. His whole body protested and a new, more powerful surge of desperation forced him to let go. As his penis continued to release an unsteady stream of dribbles, Sonic thought to himself Maybe this isn't so bad... I'll just let a few more drops go so I'll have more space left in my bladder and then I can hold it forever! These few drops are gonna dry in no time so nobody will see a thing! His bladder had other plans, however. The first taste of relief had broken the dam and his tired sphincter was slowly giving up, allowing Sonic's cramping bladder to pump out gushes of steaming piss with increasing force.

Sonic could feel his cock harden under the extreme pressure inside and before he could react, his penis was now blasting urine into the soft fabric on the underside of his quilted duvet. Surprisingly, there was no splashback; the layers of fabric were soaking it all up! The blue hedgehog didn't have the strength to hold back anymore. He just carefully directed his penis to a new spot when he could feel the fabric above getting soggy and heavy, all while he somehow managed to keep up the conversation with his unaware friends.

Sonic knew he had to be careful; if he peed too hard, he would soak through the duvet quickly, with no chance to hide his accident. It's gonna be okay, the duvet is huge he told himself, momentarily clutching his gushing prick before aiming it at a new dry spot. Still, he couldn't help but worry. I've been peeing kinda hard for some time now and my bladder still feels as full as before - or maybe it's just filling back up? What if I wet the whole bed and can't stop? Lightheaded and with butterflies in his stomach, the hedgehog turned towards Tails to answer a question directed at him, extending his hand towards a fresh soda can and gulping half of it down without even thinking about it...

Even though Tails had been the first one to feel the urge and even though he had the weakest bladder of his friend group, he was the last one to give in to sweet relief. The fox was sitting completely still in his spot since every tiny movement felt like a thousand needles were poking his bladder walls. Not that sitting still was much better; his extremely swollen bladder was sitting in his stomach like a ball of lead with its weight resting solely on his quivering sphincter. Earlier, Tails had tried supporting the swollen organ with his hands but even that wasn't possible anymore - the pain of touching it was unbearable.

The only thing Tails could do was squeeze, stroke and rub his member in the cover of his blanket to avoid the inevitable a bit longer. His small penis was half-hard from the attention it received and the monumental amount of piss weighing down on it. When he pulled his hand back, he accidentally grazed the exposed tip of his member and stars seemed to explode in front of his eyes.

It was as if all his boiling urine had surged down to his peehole, ready to erupt in a massive flood - Tails' need intensified to levels previously unknown to him and then - his pelvic floor clenched, making it impossible for his tortured penis to actually boil over. The fox suppressed a gasp; the relief brought by the cramping muscle was minimal and the urge that had preceded it had almost driven him insane. Still, after his pounding heart had calmed down a bit, Tails slowly slid his hand near his tip again. He could take the increased pressure if the reward was staying dry for another few moments.

Another careful rub made him dizzy with pain and pleasure. Careful to not overdo it, the fox willed himself to take a few moments to catch his breath and participate in the conversation to not arouse suspicion before he started to stroke himself again, occasionally grazing his finger over the twitching tip of his cock. A sudden wetness made him pause. Oh no, oh no, I overdid it, I'm- The panicked fox shifted slightly so he could see under his cocoon of blankets, causing his overfilled bladder to slosh painfully.

Tails had expected to see droplets of pee but instead, a clear, viscos liquid was covering the tip of his cock - precum, he realized, blushing. His cock seemed to like the treatment it was getting, even though the immense pain in Tails' urethra prevented him from getting fully hard. For every few strokes and soft touches, his dick rewarded him with another drop of pre while the need to urinate reached new intensities with every touch of his tip. Tails had become careless and lightheaded from all the sensations coursing through him and he didn't register right away that something was off.

His cock was getting slick with his own fluids and only when a hot dribble started running down over his balls, Tails thought to look down. A soft stream of urine was trickling out of him, completely beyond his control - his sphincter was finally getting tired of waiting and had relaxed just a tiny bit. Frantically, Tails motioned to rub his glans, hoping the resulting cramp in his pelvic floor would save him - but instead, this action became his undoing. Again, the feeling of piss rushing down his shaft made him tremble, but this time, no relief followed.

The flood spurted out with a quiet hiss, half of it hitting the blanket and the other half raining down on Tails' fur. In a panic, he squeezed and tugged his cock and even tried to plug his pisshole with a finger but some stray drops still found their way through. His firm grip became unbearable and he had to relax his fingers, allowing the golden nectar to flow freely. Luckily, the pressure behind the stream was manageable by now, at least compared to the outburst moments before. His tired sphincter had not given up completely, still only allowing an agonizingly small amount of piss to flow. The fox bit his lip, took a shuddering breath and then pointed his trembling dick to the side as best as he could so the flow would get absorbed by a balled up piece of his blanket.

A high pressure stream would have soaked the fabric in seconds but his calm, slow leak would give the bedding time to absorb most of it slowly. Still, I have to get this under control! I can't just piss myself like a little cub in front of Sonic! The drops of piss still clinging to his fur only worsened his torture. By now, they were trickling down over his swollen abdomen, seemingly leaving little burning hot trails.

The three of them were all pissing themselves now, but everyone’s bedding still hid their respective accidents from each other. The three friends were still forcing themselves to keep up the conversation, trying not to let the others notice their own predicament - unaware that, at this point, they were all suffering the same fate.

Shadow's gushers had been steadily gaining pressure. By now, a steaming puddle of piss had collected in his sleeping bag, and he was still going strong, not even slightly relieved. His bladder was still only letting him piss in spurts, his muscles too tired and cramped to fully relax from holding back liters upon liters of boiling urine. Occasionally, he felt like he was regaining some control but his swollen organ quickly took revenge by sending a shuddering cramp through his body and releasing an especially painful hisser. This is a nightmare! Shadow thought. Maybe I'll wake up soon and realize it was all in my mind.

Or maybe I'll wake up in a puddle of piss... Then again, the pain in his abdomen and the impossibly swollen bulge that was sending pangs of pain through him seemed entirely too real for this to all just be a dream. No, Shadow admitted to himself, he was definitely awake and pissing the bed next to his rival Sonic who couldn't possibly have looked more unbothered and nonchalant. It just wasn't fair! Why was the blue hedgehog completely alright while he, Shadow the hedgehog, was pissing himself like a baby!? The black hedgehog prayed that his torture would end soon, and in some way, he got his wish. His stream increased in pressure again, hissing loudly, and struck the side of his sleeping bag so hard it sounded like a pressure washer.

The flow gradually made his dick stand up, blasting foaming, steaming urine like a firehose, steadily covering the entire side of the sleeping bag, only interrupted by short painful twitches, then starting anew with increased ferocity. Shadow noticed the impending catastrophe way too late. His spray had reached the partially opened zipper of the sleeping bag and the next gush of piss would fly out in the open and hit the floor for all to see. 

The hedgehog desperately shoved his hands down toward his crotch but on the way down, he accidentally jabbed his bladder hard. Tears formed in his eyes as a white hot pain flashed through his bladder, towards his cock and his overworked peehole. It felt like his dick might explode with the amount of urine that pushed itself out in a wide golden arc before hitting the floor noisily. Time seemed to stand still. Shadow clenched his eyes closed, forcing back tears and awaiting the ridicule of his friends. Except- instead of laughter and mockery, there were pained gasps and moans and then the sound of more liquid hitting the floor.

Sonic had finally ran out of blanket space to flood; the wet patches weren't drying quickly enough anymore and the whole blanket was soggy and heavy. Worse, when he had picked the last spot that looked reasonably dry, a wet patch had almost instantly leaked onto the outside of the quilt, signaling that the blanket was finally soaked through and through. This was going to be a problem; Sonic didn't know how many milliliters (liters? tens of liters?) he had blasted into the soft layers of his quilt but it certainly wasn't enough to make a dent in the ocean in his bladder. An ocean that was being fed by a violent roaring waterfall from his kidneys...

The thought of oceans and waterfalls distracted him for a second; enough to make his dick twitch slightly, causing another few drops of wetness to soak through to the outside of the quilt. Shit! Without thinking, Sonic shifted his penis away from the quilt, causing his piss fountain to spray upwards towards the thinner edge of the blanket. This was a risky position and Sonic desperately tried to control his bladder for just a moment so he would have time to think, but his efforts were in vain. The harder he clenched, the harder his piss would fountain out of him, threatening to burst out into the open.

The blue hedgehog shot a quick desperate glance around, not noticing Tails flushed face and Shadow's pained expression. He was entirely focused on finding something, ANYTHING, to catch the tsunami of piss waiting in his poor bladder. His eyes fell onto the soda cans that were responsible for his predicament in the first place. Obviously, a single can would be way too small to even take the edge of his quivering piss tank but maybe, just maybe, he could try switching between several cans to minimize the risk of spilling? He had to try! The cans were sitting just out of reach since Sonic had curled into himself more and more while his bladder filled. Taking a deep breath he stretched, just slightly.

It wasn't nearly enough and his abdomen felt like a water balloon that was being stretched impossibly thin. No, more like a water balloon that someone is making a balloon animal out of! Except a water balloon would have surely burst by now, but not him! Not the one and only Sonic the hedgehog! He could do it! He wouldn't embarrass himself in front of his friends! The blue blur's hand crept closer and closer to a can, his fingers desperately grasping and- the can tumbled over. Sweat was running down his face as he stretched even more, trying his best to keep his leaking prick under the quilt. Finally, his hand closed around one of the cans.

A feeling of relief shot through his body and his brain signaled to his bladder: We are safe now! Open the floodgates! Sonic's cock twitched a final time, the quilt sliding off just as he unleashed a fountain of urine so powerful it felt like his pisshole was expanding under its force. The fat gusher soon separated into two streams, the smaller one splashing onto the quilt from above, the bigger steaming blast of piss travelling an impressive distance before landing on the floor where a puddle was quickly forming. Sonic couldn't suppress a moan at the pleasure of finally letting go, even though he wanted to crawl into a hole somewhere and die out of embarrassment. He timidly opened his eyes, catching his breath to apologize and his jaw dropped as he surveyed the scene unfolding in front of him.

Tails had been mostly focused on himself and the growing pool of pee next to him. It was still confined within his blanket, but the fluffy fabric didn't nearly absorb as much liquid as he had hoped. Even worse, his fur was getting wet and that made it so much harder to control himself. The leaks were mostly coming slowly but now and then an invisible hand seemed to seize his bladder and squeeze out a powerful spray. The slow stream wasn't fast enough to combat the fluids that were still pumping through the fox's kidneys and Tails knew that his hold would soon be over. He had never experienced his bladder swelling up while he was peeing. Maybe I'm just gonna pee forever? Maybe I'll never be empty again...

Tears were starting to form in his eyes. He couldn't stop himself from quietly whimpering, fondling his small cock and caressing his bladder even though the waves of pain were maddening. The fox fell forward into a kneeling position, supporting himself with his other hand, not caring that his blanket cocoon had opened and that his shameful performance was now obvious to his companions. His fingers explored his swollen stomach, impossibly round on his otherwise thin frame, poking, prodding, almost milking his bursting bladder which rewarded him with powerful gurgling jets of piss. 

He grasped for his cock, caressed the wet glans and massaged his burning pisshole as he urinated harder and harder. He alternated between torturing his leaking member and his sloshing bladder until he gave the organ a particularly hard push that finally opened his weakened sphincter completely. Tails had to support himself with both hands as a waterfall of boiling pee shot out of him and joined the ever expanding puddle in the middle of the floor. "Sonic!" he cried. "Sonic I'm sorry! I can't- I- I have to peeeeeee!"

The three friends had finally noticed what was going on, exchanging shocked and embarrassed stares but nobody had the strength to clamp his exhausted cock shut anymore. Liters of tea and soda flowed through them and whenever one of them thought that he was finally empty, his kidneys were already busy filling him up again. After over half an hour, their streams finally died down and they sat in a circle, panting, blushing and thoroughly soaked. After a few minutes of silence, they all wordlessly started the cleanup process, trying to soak up the insane amount of liquid with their bedding and some spare towels then filling up the washing machine and finally showering the urine out of their sticky fur.

At first, the atmosphere had been awkward; neither of them could meet his friends’ eyes and Tails was quietly crying. After a while though, they had all calmed down and the silence had become almost comfortable. The three had never felt this close to each other before. When everything was finally clean, they decided to continue on with their gaming session - none of them would be able to sleep after this tumultuous night.

With their kidneys still in overdrive, the three friends soon filled up again and knowing that their tired sphincters wouldn't manage to hold on for long they all just let loose on the sofa, soaking the soft fabric over and over again with small hissing spurts that smelled faintly of soda and tea. When sleep finally overtook them, they dozed off on the sofa together in a tangled heap of fur, occasionally still releasing a few droplets of their golden nectar.

And secretly, all of them fell asleep with the same thought: Looking back, this whole thing felt really good... I wouldn't mind experiencing that again.

*002*2024-07-27 08:59

{{On 7/26/2024 at 10:29 AM, Cixede72 said:

Please make more!

}}

Damn for real? i'm super insecure about my writing so i was soo nervous when i saw that i got a comment!

