Tomboy's who hates to admit she's a girl

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*000*2024-05-14 21:20

I'm just spamming random stuff I come up with to get myself out of dehydrated rank so I can update my series. If you like I can continue this.

I have no intention of misgendering someone, if they're something wrong it's misunderstanding not intentional.

The story is about Maki. A girl grew up in dojo(idk if that's the correct name but it's a place where you practice martial art) house. She grew up with guys so she acts like one but know full well of her gender. She's into guys, she just acts masculine.

Maki

Sketch of her I made sometime ago(skip if you'd like to imagine her yourself):

Spoiler

&&

Kenzashi maki(剣指 山木) *last - first*

Is a girl with black eye and short black hair, average height and slightly more muscular than most girl. She's involved with local gang because she's literally the daughter of the clan's head.

She avoid wearing normal uniform with skirt and always wear gym uniforms(red shirt and black trousers) with a white sneakers(Men wears black. Women wears white). Because she don't want people to think she's just "a girl".

Why? It's isn't about her being insecure about her gender. It's because she really really hates it when cocky losers saying "I'm holding back because she's a girl" and get away from losing a fight they literally started.

Hallway's incident

It started in the hallway at lunchtime. Maki is hanging around her with her friends. There's a guys from another class walking through while wearing a headphones. Her friend sees him and reach her leg out to trip him with a disgusting smile. Instead the guy look her in the eyes and yank her foot off to floor and make her fall instead.

Unaware of the situation until her friend had already fallen on the floor. Maki immediately assumed he was hostile and grab his collar

Maki: The fuck are you doing?

"The fuck are YOU doing?" The guy reply with a frustrating look.

Both of them are referring eachother as お前(o ma e) like picking up a fight, escalating the the situation further. Both of them stand by their point of view. Maki is just protecting her friend and the guy is just give them what they deserve. The guy is not letting it slide and Maki's friend isn't going to admit she's at fault. Without anything change. They start picking fight with eachother.

"You act like you're tough. Your voice isn't even mature yet." He's referring to Maki's voice. This weirdly hit on her ego.

Maki: Oh yeah? More than picking on a girl, Mr. Tough.

They're at eachother's throat about to start a physical fight when they got cut off by the bell.

Maki: Friday, martial arts club.

"Good."

Both of them made an appointment with their ego above the roof.

Unexpected meeting

Thursday, Maki leaves the judo room to buy tea from the vending machine. Club activities make her sweat a lot and it was hot. She's absolutely chugging it. Then buys a second bottle to drink while back in the club.

She's back in the ring. her enemy is Tanaka, senior in the club. Maki's is that good, to convince leader to matching them together. She decimated him.

Maki is back on the bench chugging down the second bottle. Then get ready for rematch.

She start off good, slowly building up disadvantages for Tanaka. Being fast adapter, Tanaka didn't fall as fast as last time.

With loads of tea and heavy physical activity, Maki start to feel her bladder as it fill up to the certain point. Maki starts playing aggressive to end early but that's only giving Tanaka more advantage. He slowly fix his position disadvantages as the fight progress.

Maki slowly becomes desperate. Throwing bold offense to end early. Tanaka sees errors in her movements and decides to aim for her lower abdomen where she lacks defence. Maki's reaction is to protect her bladder with everything she have. Defending more than she should have. Tanaka use this opportunity to grab her shoulder and slam her down onto the mattress.

"Tanaka, point" Tanaka know there's something wrong so he paused the match.

Maki jump right back up and leave the room in hurry, her bladder brim with pee. She runs straight to the bathroom.

Her bladder is full, she was about to go in the women's bathroom but someone grab her shoulder.

"Where the hell do you think you going?". It's the guy from yesterday.

Maki doesn't have time to argue. Her head couldn't think straight. She push away his hand and turn to the men's room. She open the stall and be grabbed again.

"Are you a real man? Do you have pussy or something?"

Maki look at him with frustration, sigh and walk up to a urinal. Then freak the fuck out. How did she let the situation carry her to this. She never actually pee standing up before let alone using the urinal. Her bladder full as fuck and she doesn't what to do.

Luckily she wears trousers. She pull the front of it and her panties down keep herself as close to the urinal as possible. The guy already letting go making splashing sound for her to hear. She's going to make a mess if she just put her pussy on the urinal like that. She blush so hard and trying to spread it open. But that's too embarrassing, she couldn't get a single drop out. She pull her panties and trousers back on. Flush and wash her hand and leave.

Maki have to pee very bad she feels like it can just squrt out at anytime. Her bladder hard as a rock and so are her limbs. She does the most robot walk of her life making her way back to the judo club room.

She sits on the same bench sweating like crazy. Just wait until he's gone then she can use the woman's toilet just fine. She repeated to herself several times. Her floodgates about to burst open. Then she sees the almost empty green tea bottle. She can't think. She chugs it down and hold the empty bottle up her crotch. Her friends beside her immediately hold her stop. Maki completely lost her patience, gripping her urethra and runs out the room again. She barged into the stall, pulled her crotch open. And NO! She correct herself trying to pull down her trousers. Her body can't keep her urine in anymore and starts peeing out. She shove one of her hand into her panties and shut her urethra. The urgency increases exponentially each second passes.

Finally, she was able to untie her trousers and pull it down. Her bladder bombing signals to her brain. Maki can't take it anymore and succumb into the urge to take off her finger. She soak her panties in the process but she finally able to release her per.

End

Bonus: Maki and urinal

(Not canon)

Coming back to the dojo Maki request a variety of herb to make her bursting to pee. If she able to use that urinal she wouldn't have wet her panties. So she'll try to use it.

She boil the herb into a diuretic drink and drink a liter of it. With such extreme act her bladder become full in 15 minutes. She ask her father to close the toilet on the third floor then head straight for it. She go into the men's bathroom and expose her pussy to the urinal. She stand there waiting for it to come out. But her body shyness stop her. For a few more minutes her bladder was bursting but she can't release.

Maki lift her shirt up to see her bladder bulging out and her dry crotch. She tried pushing down on her bladder. There's nothing comes out unless tears leaking from her eyes. Pushing down the thing just make it suffers more. She stand there longer. Her body sweating, her legs shakes, she feels pulse in her bladder and pussy. A minute later she can't continue anymore. She can't let out her pee. She thought at some point she would burst into the urinal, but no. Her bladder would explode before she can use the urinal.

"Just for a little more..." she wait. it's her house, she and mess it up.

Maki's bladder is going to explode in any second but her pussy still dry like it's noting ,she can't calm down enough to pee. She turn back to the stall and go to sit on it. She was able to pee, it flows out like crazy. She stand up and go back to the urinal. The stream continues to flows even when she stand up but as she walk to the urinal, her stream gets weaker and weaker until it stops in front of the urinal. Maki frustrated.

That burst she let out relieve her bladder enough. Able her to put her clothes back on and go down to take more diuretic. This time she come back ip with a straw. She hold her pee again. But the same. She wait even longer, she have ache around her bladder but it won't cone out. Her mind can't handle anymore urge and she bolts into the stall

She stands. With more privacy, even when standing she was able to leak. She pushes her bladder and each time a shot squrt out. She comes out again just calming down. She can't pee. So she put the straw into her urethra. It was hard at first but as soon as it passed her clenched up sphincter, her urine flows right out.

She's so tired so she take that as a win for today

End

The battle is to be continue in next update, that's a guarantee.

