The Heartwarming Flood - Intermission 1: Golden Gushes and Burgundy Buttocks

Author: Guest AromaticPee

*000*2022-05-17 18:50

Warning: in addition to Omo, this story has BDSM elements and implicated bullying, but no rape. So if you're squeamish about those and/or under 18, I suggest clicking off the story. Also, there's one disclaimer: everyone in Golden Gushes and Burgundy Buttocks is at least 18 years of age. If you haven't already read the previous entry, Theory of a Wet Boy

, I suggest you go do that first to get familiar with the other characters. Without further ado, please enjoy the story.

Characters: Valentine Hailey; her fan base; Noel Johnson, George

"It was a dark and stormy night..." is what I WOULD say if it weren't three o'clock PM on a drizzling Thursday. I mean, the school day just ended for these relatively young students! And today was the third meeting of the school's art club. George entered the club's main HQ. He looked around, and the meeting was obviously taking place in an art classroom. There were TONS of art supplies, the majority of which was coloring material.

But what George didn't realize at first glance was that the club's members were all girls! They eyed him with heavy suspicion. It then got to his mind: he was in the wrong place!

"Ahahahaha... sorry, ladies," he whimpered. "I didn't know this was a no-boys-allowed group. Hehehe."

One of the sleepier members stood up. "We don't tolerate males here," she yawned. "It's a hidden rule of Valentine Hailey's loyal throng."

"Loyal throng?! Wha- wait a m-m-minute! Isn't that-"

Another member, this one more awake, banged the table she was sitting at like she were Phoenix Wright. "I wouldn't call it that," she proudly stated. "More like a dedicated fan group. And-" she pointed at the sleepy girl- "like Riley here said, this club is not for men. It's a holy place for WOmen."

"Sorry, Charlie," Riley droned, still having trouble keeping her eyes open. "But if you don't leave now before Hailey returns, then I guess you're going to be mentally scarred for life, because she isn't nearly as merciful as we are."

"O-o-o-okay," George stuttered. "I'll just go to the bathroom and be on my way-"

Then, a new girl appeared outside the room. She looked like she meant business here, with a nurse's apron on her.

"Attention, puh-lease!" she boomed. "I have found and captured..." she pulled another boy in- "the perpetrator!" Everyone gasped. This boy had handcuffs on him, but that's not what concerned the people already there. This boy was wearing a maid outfit! (He was a crossdresser.) "His name is Noel Johnson, and he loves, LOVES, LOOOOOVES to watch us girls undress. What a sick, twisted, perverted [redacted], am I right?

"And who is that?" She pointed at George.

"Uhh, hi. I'm George Lee." He tried to hold in his pee. "Nice to meet you all-"

"That's enough. I'm satisfied. We're satisfied. And you two aren't going anywhere!" She forced Noel further into the room, entered it herself, then *beep boop boop beep* closed and locked the door behind her, sealing the only exit George had.

"Uh oh... Spaghetti-o's," Riley sang to herself repeatedly.

"Now then," the new girl announced, "for those of you who don't know, I am the one and only superstar leader of this club..."

George grimly thought, "Is this the Hailey that Riley talked about? If so, I'm doomed!"

"... Valentine... Hailey."

George screamed as he ran to the door. He tried to unlock it, but *bzzzzzzt* the door wouldn't open!

"Uh... George," Noel mustered the courage to speak, "you can't leave. Neither of us can leave until the boss lady says so."

"Eh?! But I have to pee!" George tried to retort.

Hailey pushed Noel to the side and smirked towards George. "I personally don't care about that, Curious George. Now, if you really need to go, just use a watercolor jar as your urinal."

"But that'll just stink up this place! And it's unsanitary!"

"I. Do. Not. Give. A. Flying. [Redacted]... about what excuses you come up with, because in the end, you have two choices: hold it in until you burst in your leg wear, or release it all now in one of our watercolor jars. Students like us face this dilemma every time we use them."

"You wouldn't like the smell, would you?!"

"That may be true. However, right now, we can all hear the rain splattering on the windows..." and as if on cue, the drizzle outside turned into a downpour!

"Uuuuwwaaaaaaaaaa!!!" George's bladder turned rock hard in a split second. "Fine! I'll pee in the jars. Just show me where they are and I can show you my downstairs."

"Wait a minute... downstairs means... Bleah!" Hailey exclaimed in disgust. "I changed my mind, George. You might be cute on the outside, with your black hair and flame-red eyes, but inside, you're disgusting, you're perverted, and if you can't hold it in any longer, it's not my fault you decided your actions."

"Hailey, I'm sorry! It was an accident! *to himself* I thought she'd like to take a peek like Tracy did that one night! *to Hailey* Just please let me go to the bathroom, then I'll suffer whatever might be next on your schedule!"

"First off, as a wise cartoon character once said, 'there are no accidents.' Second off, no matter how much you beg, we're not letting you leave to take care of your business. Just try to hold it in. It's that simple."

"Yes, that's right, George," Noel reflected. "The women are setting up the glitter torture for you and I. There's nothing either of us can do."

"Wait," said Hailey. "How did Noel learn about our signature message to boys?"

"I heard from a friend of a friend of mine."

"Okay, Noel. Why don't you tell Curious George what's going to transpire onto him? If you don't, he'll watch you go through it first."

"The only thing I know is the name. Everything else is speculation and bias."

"...All right. George, since Noel here couldn't explain it, we'll show it to you just so you know what to expect."

George gulped. Was Noel going to be fed glitter against his will? Was Hailey doing to make his life flash before his eyes in a can of paint?!

"Don't worry," she reassured George. "It's quite simple, and the only thing we'll hurt is your boyish [redacted] ass. That's what perverts deserve, right?"

The girls all agreed.

"Okay. Let's get started." Hailey pulled down Noel's pants and boxers. His crotch was nothing special, just a dick and balls. She then undid Noel's handcuffs, but he made no effort to escape. Instead, he accepted his butt's fate as she tied his hands to a rope.

Riley got some glitter, and Hailey sprinkled it all over Noel's butt cheeks. Then...

*THWAP* Noel was spanked. George couldn't believe his eyes or ears.

*THWAP* Another hard slap on Noel's butt. George closed his eyes and covered his ears despite his bladder's obviously throbbing pain.

The *THWAPS* became faster and faster until Noel's butt was painted rose red from all the impacts his butt took. "Just as I expected," he said. "It smarts down there. And it would pain me to sit down."

"George, you're up next!" exclaimed Hailey.

"You can't do that to me!" squealed George.

"Uh, yes we can. We did it to Noel, and he's not even the first one to have his [redacted] ass beat. I don't think you'll be the last, but I want to say I'll try not to do this again."

They tied his hands up considerably far from Noel, who was freed.

"Noooo!" screamed George. "I can't hold it iiiiiinnnnnnnn!!"

Hailey snorted. "You really think your current plight is gonna help you get out of this?! Ha! I'd like to see you try in bondage!"

And then...

...

*pssssssshhhhhh* "Ohhhhhh... noooooooo..." George cried as he wet himself in front of the whole club and Noel. This was NOT going to end happily ever after for George, considering Tracy wasn't here to cheer him up!

Noel easily looked away, but the others just couldn't take their eyes off him. They were all mesmerized and amazed by the cacophony of a grown boy bawling and urine dripping from where he stood. All except Hailey. Her bladder gave up too, for some reason. She started tearing up.

"He's crying?!" she asked herself. "Why?! That's not fair! He was supposed to sigh in relief and revel in his feelings until the glitter torture began! I could've enjoyed watching his face turn from happy to scared [redacted]!" She wept to herself after having her expectations defied.

*drip, drip* "Ohhhh... waaaahh..." George was mortified by all this. He just wanted to go home and cry himself to sleep after the glitter torture.

"George," Hailey confessed, "I'm sorry for making you cry. I really am, and I take back all the mean things I said to you. The glitter torture will not happen this day or ever again. It'd just make you sadder. And from now on, you are allowed in the art club."

Everyone protested against her heartfelt decision.

"But he's a pervert!"

"The teachers would definitely be suspicious of the art club, if they're not already suspecting us of committing BDSM!"

"What about Noel? He would be able to join if he doffed the maid dress!"

"Somebody touched my fanny!"

The protests went on and on.

"Well, this is unusual," sighed Noel. "I think we'll be here for a long time..."

Hailey couldn't take it anymore. "Everyone, stop talking!" she yelled. "I have made my choice, and that's final! The club is dismissed!"

Other members went, "Awwwww!!"

"Man," Riley lamented, "if only we could have one day where no perverts came near Hailey..."

"Well, Riley," said Hailey, "consider your thirst for vengeance quenched. I will now deal with perverts in another room..."

"The bathroom?" asked George.

"No, the girls' locker room. It's where we undress."

Hailey untied George, and they were the first ones out of the club. All the other girls followed them to the main parking lot. Noel stood there alone, in melancholy contemplation.

...

When George and the girls made it to the main parking lot, he tried to hide his and Hailey's wet spots.

"I really am so sorry," whispered Hailey, "for what happened earlier today. I love you, and I will do anything to stop you from crying."

"If you couldn't forgive me," George responded, "how could I ever forgive you?"

"Fair point. Though I don't want to go through that ever again. Promise?"

"Uhhh... I... promise?"

Then she kissed him, unintentionally grossing out the other girls.

"Kissing spreads germs, you know!" Riley said.

George replied, "One friend of mine always said that handshakes spread germs faster. So a kiss is healthier, if more crass."

And that's a fact.

The End.

*002*2022-05-18 18:23

I wanted to separate the story as I intend because it feels more natural to me.

As for this chapter in particular, well...

George is described by Tracy as an "adult baby" when he wets himself, because he never experienced the feeling of wetting oneself as a child. Intermission 1 is one of those rare occurrences in his adult life where it does happen.

Hailey very heavily prefers seeing terror frozen in boys' faces as opposed to sadness. Similar to George wetting himself, this is something that Hailey never experienced in all her art club meetings. She's prone to mood swings and quick to have a change in heart. Her bladder isn't very strong, and she always associates her mood swings with her wettings.

I was planning to give background to Noel's relationship with Hailey, a la what you suggested, but then my device was low on battery. So basically, Noel has been on Hailey's most wanted list for quite some time, but never managed to get caught by Hailey because until Intermission 1, he was pretty slippery by her standards. Right before Intermission 1, though, he went too far and finally got caught. Here's a skit of what that looked like:

Noel: (He opens the door to the ladies' bathroom.) "*silently, to himself* Well, helloooo precious."

Hailey: "*sing-song voice* Laa laa dee dum... I'm finally here..." (She opens a stall door and starts taking off her pants before noticing Noel standing in the doorway.) "HEY! WHO ARE YOU?!"

N: "Wait! I can explain, ma'am!"

H: (She grabs Noel by his maid dress' collar and puts him against the wall.) "I WAS ABOUT TO GO TO THE BATHROOM! YOU KNOW BETTER THAN TO SNOOP ON ME WHEN I'M GOING!"

N: "Please let me down! Then we can establish each other's names! *calmly* I promise I won't snoop on you again."

H: (She considers the situation. "I finally caught this pervert, but he seems very passive... and unusually willing to be taken in!") "...Okay, then, you pervert. You better not offer any resistance whatsoever in the art room!"

N: "Deal, but we should introduce ourselves to one another."

H: "UUUUUGGGGHHH. Fine." (She slowly lets Noel down.) "My name is Hailey Enoshima, but everyone calls me Valentine Hailey. And you are...?"

N: "Noel Johnson. You might have heard of me from the time I was suspended."

H: "So you're the one who's been watching us girls undress?"

N: "That's right. I used to do that in my spare time... when I was about 19 years old."

H: "Your actions are just criminally wrong!"

N: "I know. But I don't want you to think of me based off of those. The last time I tried to watch another girl undress, she bound and gagged me. Ever since then, I have been seeking you, so I can get the pain I deserve..."

H: "I can't forgive you, Noel, but you know what I can do."

N: "Yes, indeed. Hurt me, Valentine Hailey. I'm a masochist pig who deserves a beating wherever you so desire!!"

H: "...What's a masochist?"

N: "A masochist is a person who enjoys pain! I have traveled the path of the masochist for months!!!"

H: "Huh. Usually all the perverts I catch are scared [redacted] from my anger. But I can understand why you would want to be spanked... you enjoy the pain that your ass endures."

N: "If that is what you wish to do, then do it. My rear end always belonged to a degenerate anyway."

H: "Let's go back to the art room. We can take care of business there."

N: "Okay."

Hailey gets some handcuffs from her backpack and puts them around Noel's wrists.

...

She kinda had to pee before the meeting was in session. But she's very good at hiding her desperation, unlike George.

The other art club members were simply too focused on George crying to notice Hailey's wet spot. The club in its entirity also has a taboo against talking about wettings.

Hailey doesn't quite have the same view of love as others. She sees a kiss as a first step towards confessing love. The rest is her personal secret...

Okay, that should be enough to fill in the gaps. Sorry for not explaining much at the start!

