Missed Oppurtunities

Author: gfbiy7352

*000*2018-03-10 06:34

Kelsea in her long flowing brunette hair and pink dress finished lunch, walked up and dumped out her tray. She had only a couple of minutes to walk back to class. The Danityness of her eating caused her to eat slower than everyone else so she gets a late start. Kelsea stared at the bathroom but thought that a) she didn't have to right now and b) there was no time. There were 3 50 minute classes left with 5 minutes in between, if she did need the restroom, the sixteen year old could handle it.

5th period Social Studies was a good period, the students absorbed info about the nations of West Africa, and Kelsea took the most attentive notes. Slowly before the end, a slight sensation in her bladder from her two waters did cause her top leg in her traditional leg cross(she was taught that a proper mature lady crosses her legs) to tremble. However, she was not in any pain.

After dismissal, she decided that she did not have to go and the nearest restroom was too far away. 6th hour would prove more challenging. Kelsea filled up by the second. Her crossed legs started to switch every so often. Halfway through Geometry, she started to regret not going. Little damp spots began to appear on her dress. Triangles and a need caused her to moan, the bell ringing caused her to sigh.

She now knew that she needed to pee, and she ran to the nearest girls room. There was a horrible line twenty deep. Stay and be late or go to class and suffer, she chose the latter. All throughout last class of poetry, she deeply regretted opportunities gone by. Her body was swaying and shifting, she was losing her composure while trying to create a sonnett. Each line got her closer to waterfall, then it happened. A big ping and a splat on the ground. Classmates saw and pointed laughing. Kelsea ran out to let her upsetness out. Her beautiful dress soaked, her pride and ambigouity ruined.

