Dragon Ball Omorashi: The Lost Chronicles - A Heroes Story; Note & Friends Desperation

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2017-09-25 00:43

In an Alternate Timeline of the Dragon Ball Universe (& Multiverse) there are Chosen Heroes, Time Traveling, Universe Jumping, & Powerful Enemies. 3 Female Saiyans who goes by their names, Note, Viola, & Forte. During their Mission to fight off a more Powerful Towa the three of them had a certain emergency when they are traveling by flight far away from their objective...

Forte: Note can we stop to use the bathroom please!?

Viola: I second that I need to use the bathroom as well!

Note: Ugh, Can you two at least hold it just for a bit once we get to our Location?

Forte: Don't tell me you don't have to go?

Viola: Yeah, before we got here I recall that you were about to use the restroom before we got here huh!?

Note: Now that you mention it... *slightly touches her groin area*... Okay we'll take a Pit Stop before we head over there.

Forte: Thank you!

Viola: But wait we are in the middle of nowhere above an Ocean and surrounded by Land n' Mountains so how are we gonna find a restroom around these parks?

Forte: Good question...

Note: Well then... I guess we have no choice but to go outdoors huh?

Forte & Viola: WHAT!?

Forte: No, no, no, no, no! That is so out of the question I can't pee outside that's so embarrassing!

Viola: Well how are we going to pee? We can't waste any more of our time while Towa is planning something sinister!?

Note: *Touches her Groin Area slightly again* Mmmmm... Girls you both have to pull it together!

Forte & Viola: Huh?

Note: How about this, why not the 3 of us can stick together to find some place to pee out in the open instead of going on alone to different places? That way it won't be that embarrassing.

Forte: Are you sure that will work?

Note: Yup!

Viola: Okay then you lead the way, Note.

Note: Right! (searching above) Ah over there that has a bunch of trees that won't be so bad!

Viola & Forte: Gotcha!

(The 3 Female Saiyans fly into a Landscape full of Trees & Grass)

Forte: I'm not going to make!

Viola: Speak for yourself!

Note: (Ugh I really have to go! Why did Trunks & the Supreme Kai of Time called us in such bad timing in the first place!)

Forte: Screw it! I'm peeing with my Spandex Armor on instead of taking it off! *Starts to Pee behind a Tree on the Grass* Aaahhh much better!

Viola: No way I'm letting myself like you Forte! *Pulls down Black Short Leggings* *Squats on Grass & Starts to Pee* Ooohh yeah that feels so good!

Note: Where should I pee!? (looks around her surroundings) Ah a Water Puddle that's perf---*She ran but tripped* *A little bit of pee stained her Red Pants* Rats!

Viola & Forte: My god it feels so good to pee! *Both continues to pee*

Note: Eee! I'm going to pull down my pants to pee stand up on this tree that has a pig shaped nose hole.

(Tree with Pig Shaped Nose Hole opens it's eyes)

(Note starts peeing standing up on the tree)

Oolong as a Tree: (Oh yeah that feels nice coming from her *laughs*) (Uh-Oh) *Poofs back into Original Form*

Note: Huh? *Screams* Aaahhh! *Falls back down* (Note's Pee accidentally wets her Red Pants)

Forte & Viola: Huh!?

(Forte & Viola runs toward to Note)

Viola: What happened Note? Are you okay?

Forte: What did you do to her you Pig!?

Oolong: I'm sorry! I didn't mean any harm, honest! I was just hiding from Goku & Bulma is all! I turned myself into a tree so they won't look for me, I swear!

Viola: So we went to the time when Goku was a Kid. I wonder why Towa chose this period to cause trouble?

Note: *Pulls up Pants* Ah man I accidentally wet my pants thanks to this pig but I agree Viola I wonder why she did chose this Time Period as well.

Forte: Before we start leaving from here lets take care of this Pig!

Oolong: Eeee! Huh? Did you wet yourself on purpose?

Forte: Yeah what about it?

Oolong: I got a Capsule full of Women & Girl's underwear, pants, & spandex. I'll give you this if you let me go.

Forte: How many are in that capsule?

Oolong: About at least 100 of course.

Forte: Wow what a pervert. Deal.

Oolong: Thanks bye-bye! *transforms into Bat* (That spiky hair girl scares me!)

Viola: Wow that was nice of him.

Note: Forte let's get into new garments shall we.

Forte: You bet!

After relieving themselves & with a change of clothes from Oolong's Capsule, Note & her friends head to Towa's Location to find out why she is in this timeline where Goku is a Kid. What is Towa up to?

$$

$$

$$

*002*2017-09-25 16:28

{{31 minutes ago, poads said:

Nice story, it was pretty funny. I'm not too familiar with Dragon Ball Heroes though.

}}

Dragon Ball Heroes to Super DBH is not to be taken too lightly since it's really just meant to have tons of Fan Service, What-Ifs, & Fun. I'm glad that it's just a video game series that has no specific story line. I'm glad you enjoyed it.

