Tales of a Student Teacher - Page 2

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*034*2017-06-11 23:44

{{9 hours ago, OPencil said:

Please...this has to continue!

}}

Go on then...

###

Weeks had past since Rose wet herself on the school trip, and amazingly she'd managed to keep her accident a secret from Ellie. Her bladder training had been going reasonably well, she certainly noticed that as long as she didn't drink too much during the day, she could survive using the loo just once during the school day, and although she was usually bursting by the end of the day, the whole three toilet visits system, while difficult, did seem to be working. Rose now found herself in queue for the ladies at a bar in south east London, desperately crossing her legs.

'Come on, I'm absolutely bursting,' Rose thought to herself, trying to block out the sound other women relieving themselves. Finally a stall became available, and Rose dashed in, quickly yanking her panties down, and emptying her full bladder. She moaned in relief, as she let out a wee she'd been desperate for since lunch time. 'Thank God' she whispered to herself.

Rose returned to the bar, and bought two large cocktails, one for her, and one for Ellie, who was meeting her there. She quietly sipped her cocktail, before Ellie darted in looking flustered. 'Be right back...' Ellie muttered, dashing towards the loos. She returned two minutes later looking much more relieved. 'Ah that feels better, thought I was going to piss myself on the journey here.'

'Nice of you to add a touch of class to the conversation,' Rose laughed. 'I was the same though, felt like my bladder was actually going to explode before I got here.'

'How many loo visits is that then?' Ellie cheekily enquired.

'Just the two,' Ellie gave Rose a dubious stare, 'honestly!'

'And you've ordered a large cocktail, knowing you've only got one pee left today? That's brave of you," Ellie chuckled.

'What?? I thought you said I could have this evening off?' Rose protested.

'Sorry, I lied. Guess we're even now,' Ellie snarkily replied.

'What do you mean?' Rose felt herself beginning to blush.

'You thought you'd got away with your accident a few weeks ago, but I found your wet trousers in your washing basket,' Ellie sternly told her.

'You went through my washing? What the fuck?' now it was Rose's turn to get angry.

'Got to check you're playing the game, and clearly you're not. I don't allow people who cheat to have 'the evening off,' Ellie warned Rose.

'Urghhh, fine. You're so annoying,' Rose angrily replied.

The two soon put their argument beside them, and began chatting as usual, excited for the concert they were going to see. It had been ages since Rose had been out, and she had been looking forward to it all week. The conversation flowed between them, and Rose didn't even notice that she'd finished her cocktail. Eventually the time came for the concert, so the two headed out. Rose had been in the concert venue less than a minute before another drink was thrust in her hand.

'Vodka and coke, on me,' Ellie exclaimed. As neither had had alcohol in a while, both were already starting to get quite drunk. Soon, both had finished their drinks, and they began dancing to the DJ who was playing before the band came on. 'I'll be right back,' Ellie told Rose, heading off to the toilet. While Ellie was gone, Rose found herself dancing with an attractive tall guy. He was clearly into her, and Rose certainly was enjoying herself. She hadn't met anyone new since breaking up with her boyfriend in August, and she was definitely ready to get back out there, even if it was just a one night thing.

'I'm Aaron, by the way,' the stranger told her.

'Rose,' she replied, offering him a jokey formal handshake.

'Pleasure to meet you. Can I get you a drink?' he asked.

'Another vodka and coke would be lovely, thank you,' Rose exclaimed. Her brain instantly told her that was a bad idea, she already had started to need a wee again. However this time, her desire to get to know this new man won out over her bladder. As she waited for Aaron to return, Ellie came back. 'Oh my God, a guy just brought me a drink, that's not happened since uni!' Rose exclaimed.

'Which guy?' Ellie enquired. Rose pointed out the tall man in the leather jacket. 'Yep, I would,' Ellie gave Aaron her own seal of approval.

'I'm not necessarily going to sleep with him,' Rose replied, faking indignation.

'Come on, it's been a while, you definitely should,' Ellie tried to encourage her, 'Maybe he's 'the one',' she continued to tease.

'Yeah, well we'll see where the night goes,' Rose winked.

'I suppose I'd better find my own entertainment for the night then...' Ellie sighed, beginning to scour the room for a potential new 'friend'.

As Aaron returned with their drinks, the two continued dancing, while trying to make small talk, admittedly made more difficult by the loud music. She told him all about her teaching, while he revealed that he was a music journalist and was there to write a review for the concert. The two really seemed to be clicking, and Rose certainly hoped that she'd be going home with him after the concert. There was just one snag; after a large cocktail, and two vodka and cokes, she really needed the loo, but she knew that Ellie wouldn't let her get away with going again. Of course, she could go to the toilet, but she wouldn't be allowed to go before bed, and she knew that if she peed at the concert venue, she'd still be desperate by the time she got home, and she didn't want to share a bed with this guy worrying about wetting herself in her sleep. She had no choice but to hold it until she got home.

'I'm gonna go for a piss before the concert starts, see you in a minute,' Aaron told her.

'Okay, hurry back!' Rose replied, wishing desperately that she had the same option. As soon as Aaron was out of eyesight, she rushed over to Ellie, who was by the bar with another man. 'I need a word with you!' Rose exclaimed. Ellie excused herself and went to talk.

'What's up?' Ellie asked.

'Please please please can I have an extra loo trip today, I really need to go,' Rose pleaded, twisting her legs as she spoke.

'No, if you wanted an extra visit, you shouldn't have lied to me about wetting yourself. Anyway I'm sure you'll be fine,' Ellie harshly told her.

'Please Ell, I really like this guy and I don't want to piss myself in front of him,' Rose begged.

'Sorry Rose, rules are rules.'

Rose groaned and headed back to where she was before, when to her horror, Aaron returned with another vodka and coke. 'Cheers!' he said.

###

Rose's bladder sent another sharp warning, as the third vodka and coke hit her. She found herself absolutely dying for a wee, but trying to appear cool in front of her first potential sexual partner in months. Luckily for her, the concert was nearly over. Unluckily for her, her bladder was so full she was in pain. She knew that there was no way she could walk home in the condition she found herself in, she would have to use the toilet here, and just hope she didn't need it again before the end of the night. It came to the last song. Three minutes until relief, she told herself. The last song was a slow ballad-y sort, and for Aaron, his opportunity to make his move. He grabbed her waist and pulled her closer towards him. Rose wanted to be in the moment, but the pain was almost unbearable. She gasped as she felt a spurt of pee into her knickers. She desperately hoped that it wouldn't show up on her red skirt.

'Are you okay?' he asked.

'Yeah, I'm fine,' Rose smiled, while inwardly clenching everything.

Aaron pulled her in closer, staring into her eyes, before making his move, and passionately kissing her on the lips. Rose took a risk, putting her arms around his neck, praying that she could hold the waterfall of urine inside her just a bit longer. However as the two got more into the kiss, a long spurt of wee uncontrollably jetted out, and Rose had no choice.

'I'm so sorry, I'll be right back, I'm just bursting for the loo,' Rose scampered off, barely concerned with maintaining her dignity. She grabbed onto her crotch as another long spurt of wee made its way out, this time dripping down her leg, as her knickers could no long absorb the fluid. Gasping as there was a massive queue for the ladies, she was forced to take a massive risk and dart into the gents room. Just as she got inside however, a security guard appeared.

'Uh, where do you think you're going?' he asked.

'Please, I can't hold it any longer, I'll be two minutes,' Rose pleaded, as her bladder began to give way.

'I couldn't give a shit, you can't go in here, you'll have to leave the club,' he responded cruelly.

'Okay fine, please let me use the toilet first though. I'm absolutely bursting,' she cried.

'Looks like you already have,' the guard responded, gesturing to the wet patch on her red dress.

Rose ran out of the club crying, as the steady flow of pee turned into a flood. She hunched over outside the door of the club, aware of the people queuing to get in laughing, as she continued to wet herself. Floods of tears ran down her eyes, as Aaron came over to comfort her.

'Why didn't you say if you had to go that bad?' Aaron asked, brushing her tears away.

'I don't know, I just wanted to stay close to you all evening,' Rose sobbed, her pee still cascading onto the floor below her.

'Don't be silly, I wasn't going anywhere, you were the most beautiful girl in there.'

Rose stopped sobbing 'Really?'

'Honestly. My place is only five minutes away from here if you want somewhere to shower, or whatever,' Aaron asked.

Rose smiled, and pulled him closer, passionately kissing him, temporarily forgetting how humiliating this had been for her.

