Coffee (A Captain America and The Winter Soldier Fanfiction)

Author: Guest OmoNerd

*000*2021-08-10 21:43

It had been a long day of just general superheroing and Sam Wilson aka Captain America couldn't wait to just get home, have a beer, cuddle with James on the couch and just generally relax for once.

Joaquín was flying the Quinjet, something that Sam was eternally grateful for, it had been such a chaotic day of dealing with diplomats, super villains and the general press that he just didn't had it in him to fly all the way home. Meanwhile James was on the on the seat across him reading a Lord of the Rings on his Kindle.

"I love what you did with the place!" Sam yelled over the noise of the jet's machinery for the younger man to hear him. James looked up and nodded, trying to be part of the conversation.

Joaquín laughed. "It's freaking cool right? It even came with its own coffee machine.

Of course Sam knew that, he had been drinking that coffee for the whole day, not only to keep himself awake but because it was delicious. One might even said that it was better than Sarah's.

Sam chuckled and took his phone out, he scrolled mindlessly for a while, not really caring about his surroundings. It was just one of those days where there wasn't really something to say to each other. And truth be told Sam kinda liked those moments.

Suddenly the quinjet started to pummle a little, which caught Captain America's and the White Wolf's attention as they both looked up from their respective activities and to Joaquín for an answer.

"It's just a little turbulence guys, nothing to worry about." He said from his seat.

Suddenly, Sam started to feel a bugging feeling to rise up on his lower abdomen. Crap. I shouldn't have dranked all that coffee. He thought.

He kept his thights close to each other. After a long day such as today, this was the last thing he needed. What was the last time he had gone to the bathroom anyways? Since breakfast that morning? That couldn't be right.

Sam looked at James, who had gone back to his book. His focused stare provided him with a little bit of something to distraction himself from the rising pressure on his bladder. How is it even filling up so fast? He wondered. Maybe it was because he had been wanting to go to this whole time but was just now realizing it?

Captain America tapped his foot against the metal floor and turned his head to look out of the window. Exactly how far they were from the base? He thought of asking Joaquín but he didn't meant to come off as impatient. The plane tumbled again which only caused Sam's bladder to shift and ergo to cause the liquid inside of it to slosh against the walls.

The man gritted his teeth, hoping that his partner wouldn't notice his predicament. He looked up at James to confirm but noticed he had moved. It took him seating next to him to realize he was now, in fact, next to him.

"This book is more...childish than I remember it being." He commented.

"Oh I'm sorry, are you too good for the story about elves and magic rings?" Sam smirked to himself. He actually managed to forget about his bladder for a moment, up until another hit of turbulence reminded him.

He gritted his teeth again and James looked at him curiously. "Are you okay?" He asked.

"I'm fine," Sam lied. "Just tired."

The White Wolf looked at him as if saying "Bullshit" but didn't buged for an answer. Instead he tried another tactic that Sam could totally tell it was a tactic. He stared ahead and rested his head on his shoulder.

"Whatever you say." James said with a voice that dabbled the line between soft and rough.

Sam sighed and looked up. He knew that if the situation got more dire he would absolutely need to tell him what was going on. But that would mean that James, in all his almost pathological devotion to Sam's wellbeing, would alert Joaquín about what was happening which would make him, medically speaking, pretty embarrassed.

And it's not like Sam was easily embarrassed, he felt like making that clear. It's just that he now was in a position where he was supposed to set an example. A lot of people were looking at his every move. And really how bad it would be that Captain America couldn't do as something as simple as controlling his own bodily needs?

So he was dead set on holding it. No matter how much willpower it took. But Joaquín also seemed committed to take the most turbulent route. So this might be a little more hard than originally planned.

Sam looked over at James, who had his eyes shut. In any other occasion he might have enjoyed seeing his boyfriend taking a well-deserved nap but right now, he was using all his attention on keeping tabs on his body.

Suddenly he felt throbbing pulse on his bladder which caused him to 'casually' cross his legs. He could practically feel all the coffee he had consumed that day pressing against the floodgates.

Sam tried and failed to not squirm on his seat, which caused James to open his eyes and question him with a look, but before he could open his mouth he was interrupted.

Joaquín suddenly announced: "We will be landing in fifteen minutes."

Sam nodded trying to seem nonchalant while he calculated if he could actually hold it for that long. Fifteen minutes? Sure, but you had to also factor: the press getting in the way, entering the building and localizing the nearest bathroom and also taking off the Captain America suit in its entirety. That would be at least half an hour, if being generous.

As if noticing his struggle suddenly James said something into Sam's ear.

"Are you sure you can hold it?" He asked. Sam's eyes widened although he shouldn't have been that surprised.

"I don't know" He admitted. Turbulence again, which cause a little bit of urine to leak out ever so slightly. He whined a little.

"I wish I could help you." James said and Sam knew he felt terrible for not being able to alleviate Sam's situation which made him feel terrible.

"It's fine." Sam said. He put on his seatbelt as he saw they were landing which made him even more desperate.

Bucky just offered his good hand and Sam took it. Another wave of pressure hit Sam which make him squeeze his boyfriend's hand. He didn't seemed to mind.

They finally landed and as Sam stood up the gravity did what it was supposed to do and caused all the liquid to accumulate on his lower abdomen. Sam resisted the urge to hold his crotch and just pressed his legs together still holding James' hand.

James guided him through he plane and into intoexit door. Sam tried to act as nonchalant as he could while pressing his legs together as close as he could too. Joaquín didn't questioned it as he wasn't paying that much attention in the first place and wrote off the hand holding as "Work flirting".

Upon hearing the camera's clicking and the voices of the people outside of the quinjet, Sam let go of James' hand and went to the front and waved at the press all while keeping a facade of control.

He went down the stairs with James' following him. Every five steps making him leak a little. He finally reached the ground and walked through the sea of reporters. Avoiding all questions and comments and flashes of cameras.

He finally made it inside the building where the reporters couldn't see him. He was thankful that apparently one of the remoledations that Stark had made to the Avengers coundpound was the not see-through walls And the separate mini compounds for all the "main" (meaning the ones that were on Earth more often and therefore would need their own spaces) Avengers that served as ones own buildings.

Now that he counted with a newfound level privacy, a new wave of desperation struck and this time Sam hobbled over and grabbed his crotch. He felt pants wet. He was at his limit. He felt as if his bladder was about to explode but he didn't think he'll manage to get to the nearest bathroom on time.

