Dive

Author: Garrus

*000*2016-07-18 08:11

So this is what happens when I can't sleep. I end up writing a weird story, and I'm sure it gets stranger the longer, and later, it gets. This will likely be a One-shot story as I have no intentions to continue it, but I hope you enjoy it all the same.

Dive

Sarah crouched low and held her breath, waiting for the door to close. When it finally did, she let out a long sigh of relief. If she were to be caught now, all of this would have been for naught. Slowly sneaking deeper into the room, guided only by the dim light shining through the gaps around the door, Sarah finally reached her goal. A computer monitor that would have looked at home in the nineties soon hummed to life with a single key stroke. A USB flash drive was plugged into the old machine, and the transfer of files started.

Sarah was glad she didn't have to use the floppy diskettes she had brought, you could never be sure with ancient technology like this. Before long the transfer was complete, compressed to less than a Gig in total. Sarah made sure to copy over the little program she had developed, onto the desktop, just in case she needed it in the future. Putting the computer back to sleep, Sarah slipped out of the room, leaving no evidence she had ever even been there in the first place.

Sarah's heart was still pounding when she finally returned home. Booting up her own computer, something from this century, she hurriedly examined her newly acquired bounty. Rather than personally read through each document, Sarah simply ran the search algorithm she had prepared. Programmed to search for a number of target key words, the results soon popped up on the screen. Sarah smiled.

"Jackpot."

=======

Bed wetter: 25 results

Diaper: 17 results

=======

Unable to wait, even until morning, Sarah quickly opened up the first relevant result, and read.

======

Name: Amy Meadows

Sex: F

DOB: 3/12/1998

Height: 5'5"

Notes: Subject claims to have full continence, and physical evaluation corroborates self report, however abnormal bladder size promotes symptoms of incontinence. Frequent bed wetting, and occasional daytime accidents observed. Diapers recommended for extended outings.

Full Dive: Click Here

=======

Sarah could only guess at the reasons why the government had these files. They had stored them so far off the gird there had to be a reason. Whatever the case, Sarah had her own reasons, but for tonight, she decided to have a bit of fun with it. Jacking into the computer, Sarah prepared for the dive. The government warnings always said that diving wasn't a substitute for sleeping, but then again the government said a lot of things. Sarah clicked the waiting link and laid back in bed.

###

Diving wasn't the hard part, coming back was much harder. Sarah would deal with the hangover later, for now she was going to enjoy the high.

The program initialized and Sarah could feel all of her senses being flooded with new information. No longer was she lying in bed back home, now she was standing in the middle of a brightly lit room; a classroom by the looks of it. There were girls seated all around the room, facing who Sarah assumed was the teacher, at the front of the room. Sarah took a moment to gaze out the large windows that adorned one side of the room; there was so much green. It was beautiful. Shaking her head to clear her mind, Sarah looked back at the girls. They were sitting perfectly still, the simulation wouldn't start until Sarah picked a role.

The subject, Amy, was highlighted, but Sarah didn't feel like taking the leading role this time around. There would be plenty of time for experimenting later on, all the time in the world. For now, Amy turned her attention to the girls sitting around Amy. Touching each one to receive their bio, Sarah was tempted to choose Amy's best friend. Plenty of opportunities there. But it wasn't to be, not this time anyway. Sarah had bigger plans for this dive. Making her way to the front of the room, Sarah turned her attention to the teacher. Jessica was it? The woman was tall, and had her short brown hair pulled into a pony tail behind her head. She was young to be a teacher, but still exuded that mature, teacher vibe. There was another reason that Sarah chose this woman.

"Sister and teacher? It's just too perfect." Jessica was Amy's sister. Unable to wait any longer, Sarah selected Jessica, and the world started moving again.

All of Jessica's thoughts, feelings, and memories were absorbed by Sarah in an instant. Sarah knew exactly what Sarah would say and how she would say it in any given situation. Of course, it wouldn't be fun to follow the script exactly, so Sarah would be sure to make things interesting.

The bell rang, dismissing the class, so Sarah/Jessica called out over the rustling of the students preparing to leave.

"Don't forget to pack whatever you need for the field trip. The buses will be leaving at 7 a.m. Don't be late. Have a great day everyone, I'll see you all tomorrow."

With all the preparations for the class trip finalized, there was no reason for Sarah to stay at the school. It wasn't hard to find her car using Jessica's memories. She thought it might be fun to drive home with Amy in the car, but it turned out Amy had her own car, so Sarah would just have to meet her at home.

The trip home was uneventful. Sarah had just pulled out her keys to unlock the front door of the house when Amy pulled up. The girl seemed to be in quite the rush. Not even bothering to retrieve her bag from the car, Amy raced to the door where Sarah was standing. Hunched over with both hands gripped tightly between her legs, Amy looked up desperately at Sarah.

"Hurry! Open the door!" Amy begged. Sarah sighed, just as Jessica would have.

"Why didn't you use the bathroom at school Amy?" Sarah took a matronly tone as she scolded Amy.

"I didn't have to go then. Just open the door, please!" Amy seemed ready to burst, so Sarah finally unlocked the door and pushed it open, ushering the leaking girl inside.

With a "Thank you" shouted over her shoulder, Amy raced inside and slammed her way into the bathroom. Sarah made her way into the kitchen, and helped herself to some of the tastier looking morsels from the fridge. At least she didn't have to watch what she ate while in a dive. After exiting the bathroom, Amy entered the kitchen and copied Sarah, helping herself to some food.

"Amy...I was thinking." Sarah started the conversation with just the right amount of hesitation.

"Hmm? What is it?" Amy looked up at Sarah with a mouth still half full of food.

"About the trip tomorrow. It's a long bus ride, and there isn't a bathroom on the bus. Plus we're spending the night in a hotel." Sarah could see the combination of resentment and embarrassment growing in Amy with every word.

"Uugh. You sound like Mom. I'll be fine."

"I just don't want you to embarrass yourself in front of your friends. Maybe you should wear..."

"I told you I'm fine! Just shut up."

"Amy..."

"Mom's not here. And you need to quit acting like her. There's no way I'm wearing...that on a field trip. So drop it." Amy stormed off, and slammed the door to her bedroom. Her reaction wasn't particularly surprising, but for now, Sarah had more to do than to fix a sibling relationship.

Amy and Jessica's overnight bags for the next day trip had been diligently packed and were waiting by the front door, ready for the next morning. Sarah made a few special additions to both her own bag, as well as Amy's.

Sarah acted mostly on auto pilot for the rest of the night. Tomorrow was the big day, and she was ready for it to arrive.

###

"Alright, listen up. When you hear your name, raise your hand and say 'here'." It was 7:05 a.m and Sarah was standing at the front of the bus taking roll call as they prepared to leave. Once everyone was accounted for she turned and nodded to the bus driver. "If you forgot anything, or you need to use the bathroom..." The bus started moving. "Too late, we're gone." Some of the students gave a weak cheer, but most were quiet. It was rather early in the morning after all. Sarah took her seat at the front of the bus, directly behind the bus driver, and closed her eyes. She was tired herself; probably from lack of sleep, or maybe her real life exhaustion was coming through. Either way, she tried to relax, and was almost dozing off when she was startled awake by someone shaking her shoulder.

"Hmm? What is it? Oh, Amy, what's up?" Sarah could guess even with out asking. Amy was bent over to speak close to Sarah's ear in the loud bus, but one of Amy's hands had found itself firmly planted between her legs, wrinkling the front of her uniform skirt.

"Umm, are we going to stop soon?" Amy was biting her lower lip and looked a bit nervous.

"I told you before Amy, we won't be stopping until we get there. It'll probably be another hour or so. Is everything alright?" Amy looked anything but alright, her eyes filled with dismay at Sarah's words.

"Oh, umm, yeah...I'm fine. I just kinda need the bathroom is all." Sarah gave Amy a knowing look full of sympathy.

"Can you hold it? It's not too much farther. Or I can ask the driver to stop so you can nip into the bathroom real quick." Sarah could see Amy weighing the risks associated with stopping and letting the whole class know she stopped the bus just so she could pee, versus possibly wetting herself in front of everyone on the bus.

"Ummm..." Before Amy could make up her mind, Sarah took Amy's arm and, scooting over until she was next to the window, pulled Amy into the now empty seat next to her.

"Listen, Amy." Sarah was whispering into Amy's ear so that only she could hear her words. "I brought some of your...special underwear with me, in my purse. I was going to offer it to you tonight so you wouldn't have to worry about any nighttime...incidents, but if you need it now, you can sit by the window and pull them on. No one would have to know anything. And you wouldn't have to worry anymore." Sarah thought it seemed like a reasonable plan, especially when Amy was obviously reaching her limit. There was no way she would be able to wait another hour. She probably wouldn't even be able to wait until the bus driver reached the nearest rest area, but Amy apparently didn't share the same opinions.

"You're. Not. My. Mother. I'll be fine." Amy hissed angrily at Sarah before getting up to leave.

"I'm here if you need me." Sarah watched Amy return to her seat halfway back the bus. From what Sarah had seen already, there was no way Amy would be able to hold it the rest of the trip. The only question now was whether her pride would get the better of her, at the risk of humiliation.

It didn't take long for Amy to return, fifteen minutes at most.

"Do you think you could ask the driver to stop somewhere?" Amy asked meekly. She had taken the seat next to Sarah and was currently rubbing her knees together with both her hands resting between her thighs.

"I'm sorry Amy, I did ask. But she said that we're almost there, and late as it is, so she's not going to stop." At Sarah's words, Amy bit her lip and started fidgeting even faster. "Just take this. I know you don't like it, but it's better than the alternative, right?" Sarah handed Amy the thick white garment taken from her purse. Amy took what could only be described as a diaper from her sister. She looked reluctant, but once she realized what she was holding she quickly tucked it between her legs, lest anyone see.

"Scooch over." Sarah stood up and gestured for Amy to sit next to the window. There was no one sitting directly across the aisle from them, so Amy was unlikely to be seen from where she was sitting. Sarah could tell that Amy still needed a bit of encouraging. "Wearing this doesn't make you a baby. Wetting yourself would be much more baby-like. This is you making a grown-up decision in a tough situation." With that, Sarah turned her back to the window to give Amy some privacy.

It didn't take long for Sarah to hear the telltale crinkling. Amy had made up her mind, or at least her bladder had made it for her. When the sounds finally stopped, Sarah looked over to see a very red faced Amy. If her expression of relief was any indication, it hadn't taken her long to make use of her new undergarments.

"Feel better now?" Sarah couldn't resist asking with a grin.

"Shut up...but thank you." Amy was obviously very embarrassed by they whole situation, but she must have been relieved, in more ways than one, to have not embarrassed herself in front of anyone besides her sister.

"Here." Sarah handed Amy a plastic bag from her purse.

"What's this?" Amy asked, while opening the bag.

"Well I thought the bag might help you dispose of what you're wearing in the bathroom, and inside the bag is another diaper, just in case." Sarah whispered the word 'diaper,' but Amy still frantically tied the bag shut and looked around to make sure no one was close enough to overhear her.

"This was just a one time thing, I won't need the second one." Amy's denial seemed less confident than it did previously.

"Well that's up to you, but I do need to talk to you about something. It's about the hotel for tonight. I asked if they could make sure to place waterproof mattress covers on all of the beds. They said that would be fine, except that they don't have enough covers. They can only protect about half the beds, and so they asked if I could provide them with the room numbers of the more...high risk individuals."

"Did you tell them that I'm 'High Risk?' I don't wet the bed, and I don't need to wear a diaper to bed." Amy was getting heated again as her embarrassment was fading.

"I didn't tell them anything yet. I said I would get back to them today. I'm not saying you do wet the bed, I just thought you might be more comfortable wearing some protection, just in case. Sometimes sleeping in a strange environment can cause problems."

"Ugh, tell them whatever you want. I don't care. But what am I supposed to say if the other girls find out I'm the only one with a plastic sheet on my bed?"

"Oh don't worry about that, you certainly wouldn't be the only one with a sheet, and I'll just tell the hotel to put them on half the beds anyway, it's easier that way."

"Are you saying there are others...I mean there are girls who wet the bed in our class?" Sarah merely smiled.

"I could be fired for even implying such a thing, that would be a breach of privacy." Sarah looked up as the bus slowed to a halt. "Looks like we're here."

Sarah had her hands full organizing the class as they got off the bus and made their way into the enormous opera house that was there destination, but she didn't fail to notice Amy as she half waddled, desperately clutching her skirt in case of a stray gust of wind, into the nearest bathroom just inside the front doors. She was no doubt trying to remove her now soaked diaper as quietly as possible while in the public stall. Sarah couldn't help but wonder if Amy would wear the second diaper. The play they were going to see was rather long, but there wasn't necessarily anything stopping her from getting up to use the bathroom in the middle of it, and Amy hadn't exactly seemed keen on the idea of wearing another diaper. Whether Amy would come to regret that decision remained to be seen.

Sarah was finally able to relax once the lights dimmed and the play started. She wasn't particularly interested in the play itself but it was nice to relax and enjoy a distraction from time to time. By the start of the intermission, most of the girls still seemed invested in the play, although a couple of the students had let their eyes glaze over, at least it wasn't Shakespeare.

Sarah led the class into the lobby for the intermission. Most of the girls headed for the restrooms, headed by an uncomfortable looking Amy, while the rest wandered around or bought some of the overpriced refreshments. As the short intermission was winding down, Sarah made her own trip to the toilet. She didn't really feel the need to go, but it seemed like the smart thing to do. As she was exiting the bathroom, the lights blinked, signifying the beginning of the second half of the play. Sarah rounded up the few stragglers from her class that were still in the lobby, and made her way back to her seat.

The play continued, and just as Sarah was getting ready to zone out once again, she was interrupted by the sound of muffled laughter coming from directly in front of her. Two girls from her class were obviously not watching the play, but worse than that, they were now disrupting the experience for everyone around them. Leaning forward, Sarah confronted the girls while speaking in hushed tones.

"You need to be quiet girls. You're in a theater, not a cafeteria." Sarah's lecture received two sighs and likely some rolled eyes, but at least the girls were quiet now. One of the girls, Melanie, was well known to Sarah via Jessica's memories. The girl was something of a troublemaker, and, so Jessica suspected, a bully, although she was never able to prove it. Knowing what she did about the girl, Sarah doubted the trouble would end that easily. Sure enough, not five minutes later, Sarah saw the bright screen of a cell phone shining like a beacon in the darkened auditorium.

"Melanie, turn off your phone before I take it from you. This is a school trip and the same rules apply here as in the classroom."

"Whatever..." Melanie glared at Sarah, but she reluctantly put her phone away. "Bitch." Sarah heard the whispered insult, Melanie likely meant for her to hear it. Sarah was fuming now, this girl was so disrespectful, and this wasn't the first time she had talked back to her teachers, but this was the first time she had done it to Sarah, and Sarah wasn't going to stand for it. Sarah didn't want to cause a scene in the theater, so telling her off directly was out of the question, at least for now, but Sarah had more tools at her disposal. One of which she was generally reluctant to use, but she decided to make an exception for today.

"[Simulation Pause]" At Sarah's whisper, everything stopped. The actors on stage were frozen just like every member of the audience. Every member but one, that is. Sarah stood up from her seat and leisurely walked around the end of the aisle, down to where Melanie was seated. The girl was frozen with a sneer on her face.

"You would actually be pretty if you smiled." There was so much Sarah could do. She had all the time in the world, but she still didn't want to cause a commotion during the play. Besides, there would be plenty of time later for some...harsher punishments. For now, Sarah knew what she wanted to do. Leaving the theater, Sarah returned to the lobby. Borrowing a small, empty Styrofoam cup from a table of refreshments, Sarah made her way into the bathroom. Sarah turned on the faucet and waited until warm water flowed out. Normally the water would have been stuck in time like everything else, but Sarah was the administrator in this dive, there was very little she couldn't do, if she willed it. Sarah collected a bit of water in her cup before turning off the faucet and returning to where Melanie sat. She didn't have much water, maybe twenty milliliters, but it would be more than enough.

Sarah slowly rolled up Melanie's skirt, revealing her thighs, and soon her panties. Soft pink panties, cute and surprisingly innocent for a girl as abrasive as Melanie, Sarah thought she could make out the hints of an old yellow stain, but in the dim lighting it was just as likely that she imagined it. Regardless, Sarah couldn't help but smile as she readied her cup and carefully poured its contents all over Melanie's crotch.

The liquid was quickly absorbed by the fabric, her panties were now glistening as they struggled to hold on to the sudden flood of warm liquid. Sarah had used just enough liquid to soak her panties, and form a small wet spot on the back of her skirt, but it would hard for anyone who wasn't looking for it to notice the spot on her dark skirt. This way Melanie would get hers, and have her own problems to worry about, without causing too big of a scene during the play. Sarah reset Melanie's skirt down over her legs, and quickly disposed of her cup. Before long she was back in her seat and gave the command to start time once more.

"[Simulation Start]"

"Ahh!" Melanie gave a soft gasp of surprise, no doubt she was shocked to have, from her perspective, suddenly wet herself without any warning. Sarah smiled as she watched the girl jump up and frantically feel the back of her skirt to assess the damage.

"What's the matter Melanie?" Sarah leaned forward and whispered at the girl.

"Nothing, I uh, I'm going to the bathroom." With a red face and wild eyes, Melanie practically ran from the auditorium towards the lobby, drawing curious glances from both her classmates and the other theater goers. Sarah leaned back with a satisfied smile. Once again she was able to relax and enjoy the ambiance of the play in peace. After about fifteen minutes, Melanie still hadn't returned to her seat. Jessica would have been worried about the girl's absence, but Sarah was more curious than anything else. She contemplated pausing the simulation once more to go and search for her, but instead she decided to simply use her position as teacher as reason enough to search for her pupil.

It didn't take long for Sarah to find Melanie, she was in the first place Sarah thought to look, the bathroom. When Sarah entered the bathroom, she spied Melanie standing with her back to Sarah against the far wall of the bathroom. The hot air hand dryer was running and it looked like Melanie was just drying her hands, but one of the mirrors on the wall to Sarah's left was properly positioned to give Sarah a better look at what Melanie was doing. She was holding her panties up to the dryer, trying desperately to remove any trace of her supposed accident.

Depending on how long she had been at this plan, Sarah was surprised they weren't plenty dry by now, she had opted to just use water, rather than urine or something else which could stain. Whatever the case, it appeared that Melanie hadn't heard Sarah enter the bathroom over the sound of the hand dryer. Putting on the face of a concerned teacher, Sarah walked up behind Melanie and placed a hand on her shoulder. Melanie instantly flinched and spun around, hiding the panties in her hand behind her back at the same time.

"Are you feeling alright Melanie? You left rather suddenly and you were gone a long time. Are you ill?"

"N-no, I'm fine. I was just about to head back." This new Melanie was considerably more meek than the troublemaker from before. Perhaps it had something to do with her standing in front of her teacher without any panties on, while hiding her potentially still wet underwear behind her back.

"Well let me know if you're not feeling well. I'll try to help if I can."

"Yeah, thank you, but I'm fine."

"I'm glad. Well, let's get back then, we wouldn't want to miss any more of the play now would we?" Sarah gestured for Melanie to lead the way out of the bathroom.

"Y-yeah..." Melanie glanced quickly at the bathroom stalls, but obviously failing to come up with an excuse to reenter after being gone for so long, she had no choice but to exit the bathroom and return to her seat in the theater, all while desperately clutching the now dry panties she was supposed to be wearing.

The rest of the play passed without incident. Amy and Melanie rushed to the bathroom as soon as the play was finished, each for different reasons. Soon enough, the students were back on the bus, and they took the short trip to the hotel in which they would be spending the night.

"Okay girls, you know your assigned rooms. Take the corresponding key card, and take your luggage to your room. You will have free time from now until 5 when we will have our discussion about the play in the conference room just down the hall there, after that you are free until 10 O'clock, when you must be in your rooms. You don't need a chaperone with you if you leave the hotel, but do remember you are representing your school, and as such you are expected to obey all school rules and regulations while you are here. If you have any questions, feel free to come talk to me. Otherwise, have a great rest of the day, and I will see you at 5."

Sarah watched as the girls lined up in front of the elevators that would bring them to their rooms. It was 2 beds per room, with 2 girls per bed. It might have been a bit crowded, but it was the most that the school was willing to pay for. Sarah made her way back to the front desk to speak with the manager there.

"As per your instructions, the beds the rooms you indicated have been specially prepared."

"Thank you very much, I really do appreciate all your help." Sarah smiled at the hotel employee on the other side of the desk.

"If I may..." The woman hesitated, as if unsure how to proceed.

"Yes?" Sarah prompted the woman.

"Rooms 203, 206, and 212...You requested waterproof sheets on only one bed in each room, is that alright?"

"Oh yes, that's exactly right, was there a problem?"

"Oh, no, nothing like that. In those three rooms, the bed closest to the door was prepared."

"Perfect, thank you again. Now, if you'll excuse me, I should see to my students."

"O-of course. Have a wonderful stay."

The woman was more confused when Sarah left than when she had arrived, but Sarah had all the information she needed moving forward. Sarah made her way up to her own room, thankfully it was a single that she had all to herself, where she began unpacking a number of very specific packages she had prepared for that night. Sarah's personal key card would open the door to any of her student's rooms as well, so Sarah began making her rounds to each room in order. A vast majority of the girls were gone, they went to eat lunch at the mall across the street. That worked just fine for Sarah. She visited each room, one at a time.

She told the few girls that were in their rooms that she was checking to make sure everyone found their rooms okay. Room 203, this was the room Sarah needed. Knocking received no response, so Sarah smiled and unlocked the door. The room looked just like all the rest, 2 beds, with four overnight bags spread out around the room. No one was in the room, and nothing looked out of place, so Sarah closed the door. Instead of immediately leaving to the next room, instead Sarah took out a white piece of laminated paper, and set it on the ground, leaning against the outside of the door.

It was hidden enough that a housekeeper would be unlikely to notice it just by walking by, but it still looked obvious enough that it could have been dropped by accident by someone walking by. Once the door was opened the paper would fall and be obvious to the occupants of this room. It was one girl from 203 that Sarah was interested in, Olivia. Olivia was a loud girl, and anything she found funny or interesting would quickly be spread to the rest of the class. It was the perfect place for Sarah to plant the first seed.

With her plan set in motion, Sarah didn't even bother visiting the rest of the rooms. Instead, she just returned to her own room and waited patiently for 5 p.m. Sarah was confident that her paper would be discovered, and it seemed easy enough to understand, she didn't expect the girls to have too much trouble figuring out what that paper supposedly meant. The front side showed a map of the rooms in which they were staying at the hotel, half of them were colored blue, while the rest were left white. Rooms 203, 206, and 212 were blue only on one half. Sarah had considered only providing that much information, but she feared that it might prove too abstract, and that things might have moved too slowly. Sarah was in the mood for some drastic action. On the flip side of the paper, written in pencil so it wouldn't be immediately obvious, there were a number of stats recorded. The stats had all been fabricated by Sarah, but they would still get the job done.

Sarah had waited long enough. She was nearing the end of the simulation, so she was ready to stop taking things slowly. Interfacing directly with the program, Sarah opened a window which floated in front of her. The window displayed many things, but the only thing Sarah was interested in at the moment was the remote viewer. Sarah selected Olivia and immediately the screen was covered in high quality video featuring Olivia and several other girls who were all seated in one of the hotel rooms, huddled around a small piece of paper. With just a gesture, Sarah enabled the sound and began listening to the girl's conversation.

"So what exactly does 'enuresis' mean again?"

"I told you already. This has the results of some sort of...survey that the school gave to our parents, asking when was the last time we wet the bed."

"What? You're kidding."

"I'm telling you, that's what it says."

"Well? What does it say? Who are the bedwetters hiding among us?" All the girls laughed, but the one currently reading off the paper quickly silenced them.

"It's not like that. It doesn't give names, just a lot of statistics. Like, 98 percent of our parents said that their daughters wet the bed after toilet training." Some of the girls looked slightly uncomfortable with the conversation.

"Well yeah, that sounds about normal, right?"

"There's more...48 percent reported girls that still wet the bed when they were 10 years old."

"Haha, that means half of the girls in this room were bedwetters. Who is it? Fess up." Olivia was laughing, and taunting the other girls now. A couple of the girls definitely looked uncomfortable now, but no one spoke up. "Well? Is there anything else?"

"Yes actually, 24 percent reported at least one accident within the past year, and of that percentage, there were at least..." The girl paused as she did some quick mental arithmetic. "Three parents who reported that their daughters wore some form of protection to deal with accidents."

"Protection?" Olivia managed to speak after she had burst out laughing. "What? You mean diapers? There are three girls in our class who still wear diapers to bed?" Olivia sounded incredulous.

"That's what it says..."

"This is great." Olivia looked ecstatic. "We have to find out who it is. Everyone, spread the word. We're looking for three bedwetters. Try and sneak a peak in your roommates' luggage. If they still wet the bed they surely would have brought diapers with them. Make sure everyone knows, and keep an eye out for anyone acting nervous at the meetup later."

That reminded Sarah, she needed to prepare for the debriefing session. It was in less than an hour now, so she left the girls to their schemes and got ready.

When 5 O'clock came around, Sarah was standing in front of all the girls, leading them in a discussion about the play they had seen. They talked about the major themes and imagery, and what they liked or didn't like about the play. Sarah played the part of the young teacher perfectly, and, for the most part, the students were responsive and engaged in the discussion. It wasn't until the end, when Sarah asked if anyone had any final questions, that Olivia finally participated, with a mischievous glint in her eye.

"I had a question, miss."

"Yes Olivia, what is it?" Sarah could already guess what the question was about, based on the piece of paper that Olivia was holding.

"I was just wondering, I couldn't help but notice that some of the beds had these thick plastic sheets on them. They are pretty loud, and not very comfortable. So I was wondering if I could take it off."

"I would prefer if you didn't, Olivia. It's standard practice, whenever the school rents hotel rooms for students, to request waterproof covers for the beds. It prevents the school from being liable for any spills or stains that may occur."

"So then why is it that some beds don't have them?"

"Well...In this particular case, the hotel didn't have the resources to protect all the beds. So only a portion of them are covered."

"So it was just random which girls stayed in which rooms, and which beds had the plastic sheets?"

"Of course it was, what else could it be?" Sarah was playing directly into Olivia's hands.

"Well you see, I found this paper earlier." Olivia stood up, holding up the paper dramatically. "And I was wondering if I could ask you about it."

"What paper is that?" Sarah acted as confused as many of the other girls present felt.

"It's the results of a survey that the school sent to all of our parents. A survey asking if any of us still wet the bed."

"I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about. And now, if you don't have any questions about the play, then..." Olivia cut Sarah off before she could continue.

"It's just that, from what I can tell, this survey might have been a convenient way to decide which girls might need protective sheets on their beds."

"Oh, well...I'm sure..." Sarah was acting flustered now. It was the perfect time to let something slip. "I'm sure that if the school based the room selection on any potential medical conditions," Sarah strode over to where Olivia was standing and yanked the paper out of her hands. "That information would be private. Now, thank you all for participating in our discussion, remember to be in your rooms by 10, and meet in the lobby at 9 tomorrow morning."

"Ms. Meadows." Olivia called out over the din of students standing up. "Is it true that there are girls in our class who still wear diapers?" This question got the attention of the whole class, and whispers broke out among the students.

"I've had quite about enough of your questions Olivia. If I did have such information, I would not share it with the whole class. Now you are all dismissed." Sarah strode out of the room, leaving behind wild speculations and discussion. For now, it seemed, Olivia was happy to be the center of attention, even without making any real progress on identifying the bedwetters from the paper. What Olivia couldn't know, is that there was no study, and therefore no bedwetters, not counting Amy's occasional accidents. There were no girls in diapers, at least as far as Sarah was aware, but that was something Sarah planned to change before the end of the dive.

Making her way back to the privacy of her own room, Sarah sat on her bed with her back against the wall. Pulling up three windows to observe three very specific rooms, Sarah got ready. Her timing would determine the effectiveness of her plan.

"Did you see her face when I showed her that paper? It must be real." Sarah was watching Olivia and a couple of her friends talking in room 203. "Now let's go, we've got some time, so let's expose some diaper wearing babies." The girls left the room laughing, leaving behind two other girls who were Olivia's roommates for the night. Sarah watched them leave, and reenter a nearby room, joining with more of Olivia's friends, no doubt on their way to harass some of the other girls.

Sarah stood up and collected one of the packages she had prepared earlier. It was a simple, unassuming plastic bag, with its handles tied in a loose knot. The bag was mostly opaque, with only faint hints of color being seen through the plastic. When Sarah arrived at room 203, she paused only briefly to prepare herself before knocking. Without actually waiting for a response to her knock, Sarah unlocked the door and stepped inside. There was a brief commotion as one of the girls jumped clumsily out of bed after hearing the door open. Both girls had rather red faces; Sarah supposed they might have been taking advantage of the empty hotel room to fool around. Sarah hadn't intended to interrupt them, but she would be out of their hair soon enough.

"Is Olivia here? This is her room right?" Sarah spoke up after seeing the girls surprised faces.

"Oh, yeah, umm she's not here right now."

"Oh well, no matter. I just came to drop this off for her." Sarah held aloft the plastic bag she was holding. "I promised her mother I would deliver it to her, so could you make sure she gets it?"

"Sure, no problem."

"Thank you, have a great night." Sarah set the bag down on the bed closest to the door and waved her thanks at the two girls before leaving the room. There was little doubt that curiosity would get the better of the two girls before long, and they might be surprised at what they found inside the bag, especially given Olivia's little witch hunt.

Sarah had two more stops to make this evening. She returned to her room only briefly to gather some more supplies. Sarah already had an inkling of how things would play out, but she was still excited nonetheless

Room 206; this time when Sarah knocked, she actually waited for someone to answer the door. A nervous looking girl with brown hair and glasses answered the door.

"Oh, Ms. Meadows..." She glanced over her shoulder quickly. "What are you doing here?"

"I had some business with Melanie. Can I come in?" Sarah stepped inside the room without really giving the girl time to think. She looked nervous, and when Sarah entered the hotel room, it became clear why.

Sarah saw Melanie splayed out on the far bed, with several empty miniature bottles of liquor from the minibar laying next to her. The hotel should have removed all alcohol from the girls' rooms, but apparently there was some oversight.

"Melanie! What is going on?" Sarah demanded as she strode over to where the girl was laying. Melanie just laughed as she looked up at the teacher.

"Hehe, what does it look like?"

"You are in big trouble young lady, come out in the hall at once."

"Oh please, we're not in school right now. What can you do to me? Besides, I feel sleepy, so leave me alone." Melanie rolled over onto her side and closed her eyes.

"Wake up this instant." Sarah walked around the bed and stood in front of Melanie once again. "You'll be lucky if you're not expelled once I report this."

"Whatever." Melanie's drunken reply was slightly slurred. Given how young she was, Melanie seemed to have a low tolerance for alcohol. Sarah just sighed, looking down at the girl.

"We can talk about your behavior in the morning, but for now I received a message from your mother, and I need to talk to you. So will you please come out into the hall for a moment?" Hearing this, Melanie picked her head up and looked at Sarah.

"My mom? What did she want?"

"It's somewhat personal information." Sarah looked over at the other three girls who were staying in the room, they looked nervous, likely unsure if they would receive any blame for Melanie's drinking. "So I'd like you to come outside for a minute."

Melanie managed to pull herself up into a sitting position with a groan. She gently cradled her head in her hands.

"Just tell me here. It's fine."

"I'm not sure if this is something you want other people to hear."

"I said it's fine. Just tell me." Melanie snapped

"Haaa..." Sarah sighed. "Okay. Your mother seemed worried that you might have an accident while you were away from home."

"What d'you mean, 'accident?'" Melanie looked confused.

"Well, she mentioned that you've been...wetting the bed on and off for a while." Sarah glanced at the other girls who had bemused looks. "She said that she usually wakes you up to use the bathroom during the night. But since you're away from home tonight, she asked if I could give you this." Sarah heard suppressed giggles coming from the other side of the room as she held up a package of Goodnites for Melanie to see.

"What! No! I don't need those." Melanie jumped to her feet, only to sway dramatically before crashing back onto the bed. "I don't need them." She repeated, her words muffled as she lay face down in the bed.

"Well I can't force you to wear them," Sarah leaned down to speak to Melanie more closely. "But don't you think it's a good idea, even if it's just for protection. Especially since you've been drinking. And don't think I've forgotten about that. I'm sure your mother will have plenty to say to you on that matter."

"Just get out." Melanie seemed to be spent and her consciousness seemed to be fading fast.

"I'll leave these here, in case you change your mind." Sarah set the package on the nightstand before turning to the other girls. "Keep an eye on her, and let me know if there are any problems. If she sobers up at all, see if you can convince her to wear the diapers." Sarah looked back at where Melanie was laying. "Otherwise, see if you can at least move her to this bed here. The one she's sleeping on doesn't have a waterproof sheet on it, and I don't want her to ruin the mattress."

"S-sure." One of the girls responded.

"Thank you." Sarah left the room, her job done.

She only had one more stop to make, but it wasn't quite as involved as some of the others, so Sarah headed directly to room 212 to visit her sister.

"Jessica? What are you doing here?" Amy glanced around the room, as if embarrassed to have her sister in her hotel room. Luckily for her, the room was empty.

"I just thought I'd come and see how you were doing."

"I'm fine. Thanks." Amy looked slightly confused, and more than a bit suspicious. "Was there anything else."

"Well...I thought I might see if you changed your mind. Just for tonight, maybe you should, you know..." Sarah held up the bag she was holding, but her suggestion was cut off by Amy's groan.

"Uuurgh. I knew it. But you can forget it. There's no way I'm wearing that. Olivia and her cronies have already been going around interrogating people, trying to find girls who wet the bed. I wouldn't put it past them to search everyone's luggage, looking for diapers. So no thank you. I think I'll take my chances."

"Let me handle Olivia. But if you change your mind, I added something extra to your bag before we left. Just in case." Sarah smiled and winked at Amy before turning to leave.

"What? No, no no. Wait, take them with you." Sarah heard Amy leap up from the bed and tear through her bag until she found the bag with two thick diapers that Sarah had added the night before. By the time Amy had the diapers, Sarah was gone. Panicking, Amy tried to think of what to do. She was dead if someone found them in her bag, but there wasn't anywhere she could hide them that wouldn't look suspicious if they were found. Unless...

Sarah watched Amy's antics on one of her windows as she headed back to her own room. It seemed Amy finally came to a decision as she hid the diapers deep in the bag of one of her roommates. It obviously wasn't a perfect solution, as they would inevitably be discovered by the bag's owner, but this way Amy wouldn't be suspected if Olivia searched the bag. Sarah couldn't help but wonder if Amy would regret her decision to not wear a diaper to bed. Only time would tell.

When Sarah settled back in her room, she noticed that Olivia was having bigger problems than hunt for bedwetters at the moment. Olivia was in her room, surrounded by her friends and roommates. Sarah took a moment to listen in on their conversation.

"I'm telling you, they're not mine. I don't care what that bitch says." Olivia was trying to stay cool, but was obviously agitated.

"Why would she lie? And where would she get diapers anyway? If they're not yours, then whose are they?"

"I don't know, but they're not mine. I've never even wet the bed before"

"Oh? Then what about the note?" One of the girls was holding up a folded piece of paper that Sarah had included in the bag.

"What note?" Olivia was looking paler and more panicked as the discussion went on.

"This note was in the bag with the diapers."

"What does it say?"

"Let's see." The girl cleared her throat before reading. "Dear Olive,"

"Aww, that's a cute nickname."

"Shut up, let me read.

Dear Olive,

I hope you had a great time at the play. You'll have to tell me all about it when you get home. Now I know you're not going to be happy with me, but try to understand that I'm only trying to do what's best for you. This will be your first time staying away from home in a while, and I know you don't like to talk about it, but I really think you should wear your 'special nighttime underwear' at the hotel. I know you don't like to wear them, and I know at home you would rather just wash your sheets everyday, but you can't do that at a hotel. It would be terribly embarrassing to have an accident while you were sharing a bed with someone else, and there's no guarantee that your bed will have a mattress protector like at home. I'm sure you'll do the right thing. I love you and miss you. I'll pick you up at the school as soon as you're back, pumpkin.

Love, Mommy

P.S. I packed a couple extras, in case you need them on the trip home. I know how you are with long car rides.

Aww, isn't she sweet." It took twice as long for her to read the letter as it normally would have, because she had to stop and wait for the laughter to die down at the end of every line.

"Wow Olive I had no idea you were such a baby. Did your mother say you have to wash your sheets everyday?"

"No, you're wrong. It's not true." Olivia was a wreck. Tears in her eyes, she could barely speak, let alone defend herself.

"Your mom is right, you really should wear diapers. You wouldn't want to ruin this nice bed, would you?"

"Forget that, there's no way I'm sharing a bed with you unless you're wearing one. I don't fancy getting pissed on."

"Here, we'll help you put it on." The diapers were actually pull-ups, so there was no real need for anyone's help, but the girls still eagerly surrounded Olivia.

"No! You can't. Stop." Olivia tried begging, but to no avail.

"Is this why you were so desperate to find other girls who still wet the bed? You were embarrassed to be the only one?"

"You're wrong." Olivia was hiding her face as her 'friends' took pictures of the eighteen year old girl wearing diapers.

"Aww, it's okay. We won't tell anyone your secret. Not if you do what we say all night."

"Okay, fine. I'll do anything. Just don't show anyone those pictures."

"Yay, this is going to be so much fun."

"First things first, take of that skirt. You don't need that thing anymore."

Sarah stopped watching. She couldn't help but feel she may have created a bigger monster than the one she stopped. Olivia's friends seemed a bit too eager to humiliate the girl, but that wasn't Sarah's concern anymore. It was getting late, and Sarah could feel her real life exhaustion beginning to creep into the dive. She shouldn't drag things out too much longer. Tuning into see what was happening in Melanie's room, Sarah saw the girl still passed out, but she had been moved to the other bed. What's more, someone had taken the initiative to slide one of the goodnites up over Melanie's panties. It was smart thinking, this way if she had an accident, the bed and its other occupant would be safe, even if Melanie's panties would be soaked in the process.

Amy was also asleep already. She wasn't wearing one of her diapers, which meant there was about a 50 percent chance of her wetting the bed. Sarah decided to deal with that situation when the need arrived. For now, Sarah sped things along. Everything moved at two times speed as Sarah watched the displays before her. Two of the screens showed only girls sleeping, but the third showed Olivia and her friends involved in all sorts of activities. Sarah watched as Olivia was handed bottle after bottle of water, juice, and soda. It wasn't long before the girl was fidgeting where she sat.

The increased speed caused the girls desperation to build rapidly. It wasn't long before the girl was up and dancing in front of the locked bathroom door. One of the other girls had decided to take a shower, just to torment the desperate Olivia. It looked as though Olivia was contemplating running out of the room in search of an open bathroom. She still didn't have on a skirt, so her pull-ups were on full display, the wetness indicator had yet to fade. If Olivia left the room, it would mean either knocking on the door of one of her classmates, or trying to make it down to the lobby and into the bathrooms there without being seen. Neither option was likely to succeed, so Olivia continued holding on. Praying for the bathroom door to open so she could use the toilet. Before long; however, her body decided on a fourth option. Olivia froze as her tortured bladder gave out under the sheer volume of liquid. The pull-up swelled well past its designed parameters as Olivia's pee poured into it.

A few stray drops ran leaked out of the overfull diaper and ran down her legs, before disappearing into the carpet. The other girls in the room watched and cheered as Olivia finally lost control and wet herself. Sarah stopped watching as the girls made a big show about cleaning and changing Olivia for bedtime. The last thing Sarah heard from the room was one of the girls reminding Olivia that the bathroom was off limits at night. No doubt all the liquids from earlier would continue to plague Olivia's tired bladder all night. Sarah wouldn't be surprised if the bed was wet by morning, even through the pull-up. At least Olivia was sleeping on the bed with the waterproof sheet.

Sarah considered ending the dive at this point. She had been under a long time, and she was confident that her plans had succeeded, but Sarah couldn't help but want to see this thing through until the very end. Setting the time to pass at twenty times the normal pace. It would take only minutes for the night to pass.

Sarah had just laid back for a moment when she suddenly jumped up. Even if she was able to perceive the altered flow of time, her body was not exempt from its effects. In just a few minutes, which was actually a few hours, Sarah's need to pee had grown exponentially. Sarah quickly froze time, to prevent her desperation from getting any worse, but it did not lessen the feeling. Crossing her legs, Sarah decided to use this to her advantage. Leaving her room, Sarah made a beeline for room 212, pausing only briefly to hold herself after a particularly strong wave of desperation. Sarah opened the door to reveal the sleeping forms of four girls.

Pulling back the covers on the bed closest to the door revealed Amy and another girl. Amy was sleeping in a pair of grey sweat pants and a white t-shirt, the same things she wore to bed at home, minus the sometimes present diaper. The girl sleeping next to Amy had a much more bold choice of sleepwear. She was wearing only a pair of pink panties and a thin t-shirt that did little to hide her modesty. More strange than what they were wearing, Sarah was more interested in how the girls were situated.

Both girls had their hands dangling off either side of the bed, slightly submerged in carefully positioned bowls of water. A quick examination of the other bed revealed that neither girl there was in similar position. So the culprit was likely to be one or both of those girls. Returning to where Amy was sleeping, Sarah gently slipped off her sweatpants to reveal a pair of light blue panties with a sizable wet spot extending towards the front. Sarah flipped Amy over and felt the bed beneath her.

The bed felt dry, and the back of Sarah's sweatpants were damp at most, but the back of her panties were noticeably wet. The sight of the wetness reminded Sarah of her own needs. She had already decided to take care of Amy, but she needed to deal with her own needs first. As she had already passed by several opportunities to simply use the bathroom, Sarah had a better idea. At least one of the girls in the other bed had decided to prank Amy and the other girl. So Sarah decided to flip things around a bit. Moving as fast as she could while still desperate to pee, Sarah repositioned both girls so their hands hung just above the floor. Sarah placed each girls hand in one of the bowls of water. Nothing would happen as long as time was stopped, and Sarah wasn't actually convinced anything would happen anyway, but Sarah just pulled back the sheets to reveal the two girls. The time had come for Sarah to relieve herself, finally, and now she just had to make a decision.

Which girl would it be? Sarah didn't really remember much about either girl, but she recognized the girl on the left as one of Olivia's friends, and Sarah didn't have any better criteria to make her decision without knowing for sure who had decided to prank the other two girls. The girl Sarah had selected was sleeping on her stomach; she wore a long white t-shirt which had ridden up far enough to expose the bottom of her white panties. Sarah tugged the girls shirt up a bit more, and then carefully climbed on top of the the bed, straddling the girl so that Sarah's crotch was positioned just above the girl's butt.

Normally, Sarah would have found what she was about to do at least a bit distasteful, but there was something about the dive, about becoming someone else, that seemed to lessen your inhibitions. Sarah pulled her panties to the side, and let out a great sigh of relief. The stream of her pee hissed loudly as it splashed on the girl beneath Sarah. The girl's panties were quickly soaked, as was the bed beneath her. The growing stain reached halfway up the girls stomach as her t-shirt absorbed more and more of the pee. Sarah paused briefly as she remembered that there was no protective sheet on this bed, but she didn't stop peeing. When the stream finally tapered off into a trickle and then stopped, Sarah looked down at her handiwork. The bed, as well as the girl, was soaked. The puddle of pee had just barely reached the girl sleeping next to Sarah's poor victim, seeping into the fringes of the girls pink nightie.

Sarah stood up from the bed, and wiped her feet and knees dry on a part of the sheets that had managed to avoid soaking up Sarah's pee. Feeling relieved, Sarah returned to where she had left Amy. Sarah pulled off Amy's wet panties, and set them on the nightstand. After digging through on of the other girls bags, Sarah pulled out the package of diapers that Amy had stashed. Sarah pulled a diaper out of the bag and set about diapering Amy. Amy was in no place to complain, she had wet the bed, and soon enough she would probably finish wetting it. At least this way she wouldn't be as embarrassed, probably not anyway.

Once Amy was all diapered, Sarah pulled the girls sweats back up, and then pulled them back down just enough to ensure the top of the diaper was showing. Sarah walked around the bed to examine the girl sleeping next to Amy more closely. This girl had been sleeping with her hand in water just the same as Amy, so Sarah ran her hand along the crotch of the girl's panties, feeling for any wetness. There it was, a small spot, about the size of a dime. It wasn't really noticeable so unless the girl continued wetting after time was restarted, which was completely possible, there was no need for Sarah to intervene, so Sarah pulled the covers back up over the two girls.

Even so, Sarah was left with an extra diaper, and she would hate to waste it. Sarah's gaze was drawn back to the other bed. One girl was already very wet, so a diaper didn't really make sense, but the other girl, the one wearing the nightie, also had her hand in warm water. It wouldn't do to have the mattress stained anymore than it already was, so Sarah pulled up the nightie and pulled down the girl's matching pink panties. Once the girl was safely diapered, Sarah pulled the covers back up over the sleeping girls, and watched as the thin sheet became wet and transparent when it contacted the wetness covering one side of the bed. Sarah retrieved Amy's wet panties and, along with the other pair she was holding, quickly rinsed them and hung them to dry in the bathroom. Whoever happened to use the bathroom first would surely find them.

Job done, and feeling relieved, Sarah returned to her room and once again advanced the flow of time. Sarah was keeping an eye on the girls of room 212 while she waited, but it looked like they were all still asleep. The sheets were covering the girls so Sarah couldn't see if there were any new developments. It would be morning soon anyway, but Sarah still toggled on the X-ray function of her monitor and was able to directly observe the contents of each girl's bladder. Amy's had long since emptied into her diaper, which wasn't particularly surprising. The girl sleeping next to Amy had a rather full bladder, but she would likely be able to wait until morning, or at least would wake up before it emptied involuntarily.

The other two girls, whose hands were still half submerged in the room temperature water were similarly full, but almost as if on cue, the diapered girl shifted in her sleep, uncrossing her legs which had been tightly coiled around each other. Even while viewing an X-ray depiction, Sarah could see the girl's whole body relax as her bladder began to empty. Whether this accident was triggered by the hand in water prank, or if the girl had some preexisting predisposition towards wetting the bed, Sarah was not sure, but either way, it was lucky for the girl that Sarah had put her in a diaper. The other girl was still wet from Sarah's own little 'accident' but as Sarah watched, in accelerated time, the girl was losing small amounts of pee at a time. Her bladder was gradually emptying as little leaks aggregated into a full blown bedwetting accident, even if the bed was already significantly wet.

Time continued to pass, and the sun was just peaking over the horizon. Sarah checked in on Olivia one last time. The girl was laying in bed on top of the sheets, so Sarah didn't even need to use X-ray to see what was happening. Olivia's diaper was very wet. She had clearly wet the bed at least once during the night. Although it wasn't clear whether it was actually an accident, or if she was just too scared of her peer's threats to leave the bed. Now though, it was clear she was awake. Olivia squirmed back and forth, clutching herself through the saturated pull-up. The underwear she was wearing was made to absorb large nighttime accidents, so it was quite absorbent, but the average consumer was likely about ten years younger than Olivia, so the diaper was already near maximum capacity. Another accident would likely cause the diaper to leak.

After several minutes of squirming in bed, Olivia finally jumped up and ran to the bathroom. Her desperation had apparently overcome her any fears of the pictures of her wearing a diaper being exposed. Unfortunately for her, she was stopped by the bathroom door; it was locked. Sarah didn't think there was anyone inside the bathroom, so someone had apparently locked the door before pulling it closed from the outside. Hopefully they had a way to open the door again, or things could become awkward in the morning. Either way, Olivia was bouncing up and down while pulling on the locked door, to no avail.

Surely nearing her limit, Olivia concocted one final plan. Sarah watched as the girl pulled on a pair of pink pants up over her pull-up, they were likely her pajama pants that she never got to wear. Once she was certain her diaper was covered up, Olivia made for the door out into the rest of the hotel. Sarah assumed she was going to make a break for the bathroom down in the lobby, no doubt hoping that the cover of night would prevent her from being discovered.

The plan may have worked, if Olivia hadn't been caught before she ever left the room. One of the other girls woke up from all of Olivia's desperate antics, and seized the girl by the arm before she could leave the room. In her desperation, Olivia was powerless to resist the girl as she was dragged back to her bed. Sarah slowed time enough to understand what was being said and watched as Olivia pleaded to be allowed to use the bathroom, but her captor just gestured for her to get back in bed. Olivia complied, sitting on the bed with both hands desperately pressed against her crotch, inside the pull-up this time. Still she begged and pleaded, all the commotion waking up the other girls in the room.

"What's going on?"

"I caught her trying to make a run for it."

"No, please. I was just going to use the bathroom. I need to pee so badly. Please!"

"Nuh uh. You need to learn to hold it all night like a big girl. That way you can stop wetting the bed."

"Please, I already wet the bed, and I've done everything you asked. So just let me go."

"Aww, did the baby have an accident? Do you need a diaper change?"

"Tell you what. If you can prove you're a big girl, and hold it until 7:30 I'll let you pee." Sarah and Olivia both looked at the time. 7:10. Twenty minutes to go, Sarah doubted if Olivia could last that long, but the girl seemed intent on trying, anything to avoid wetting herself again. Sarah watched as the minutes ticked by and Olivia grew ever more desperate as 7:30 approached. Finally, it was 7:28, two minutes to go. Olivia was still sitting on the bed, but she squealed and redoubled her efforts to hold herself.

"What happened? Did you wet yourself? It's so hard to tell with these pants on." The girl reached over and squeezed Olivia's butt through her pants and pull-ups. Olivia, whose hands were still inside her diaper was unable to stop the girl. The girl's squeezing seemed to wring some of Olivia's pee out of the soaked pull-up and left a crescent shaped wet stain on the back of Olivia's pajamas.

"Uh-oh. Looks like baby had a little accident. You only had two more minutes to go too."

"N-no please. That wasn't me. My...my diaper was just wet from when I...wet the bed." Olivia looked ashamed as her face burned red, but she was still desperately holding on.

"Hmmm, I don't know. I think I'll add on an extra 5 minutes just in case."

"Nooooo." Olivia moaned in despair.

"Well you did say you wet the bed already, and you're obviously soaked, so how could you need to go so badly already?"

"I don't know, it doesn't make sense. I just do."

Sarah was honestly amazed that Olivia had held on this long, but she still persevered. 7:30 came and went. Olivia was desperately staring at the clock, until finally the time ticked over to 7:35. Olivia tried to jump up off the bed, but she was held back by a hand.

"What? What now? Please, I need to go so badly. I've never been so desperate in my life."

"Well you did manage to hold on, at least for a little while. So I guess you've earned it. Go ahead and pee."

"Yes! Thank you." Once again Olivia tried to stand up, but was once again held back.

"What are you doing?"

"Well I said you could pee, so go ahead. I never said anything about letting you use the bathroom." Olivia just stared in horror as the implication dawned on her. "You're wearing a diaper, so go ahead and use it." The girl giggled as Olivia just slumped down in defeat. She couldn't fight anymore. Resting her head on her knees, Olivia's poor bladder gave out. The pull-up put up an admirable fight as well, but the diaper just wasn't made to hold any more pee. Olivia's pee spilled out of the edges of her pull-up, soaking her pants and the bed she was sitting on. The sound of her pee hitting the pull-up lasted for more than a minute.

"Wow, you really did need to go didn't you. Too bad you couldn't make it to the bathroom. You got the bed all wet, we'll have to tell someone so they can clean it up." Olivia didn't seem to be listening, she was still relishing the feeling of relief.

"Why don't you go take a shower, and we'll get your outfit for the day ready." One of the girls unlocked the bathroom with a bobby pin, and Olivia gladly removed her wet clothes and washed herself. Meanwhile, the other girls were preparing another pull-up and a skirt that laughed in the face of the school's skirt length regulations.

As the rest of the girls woke up, Sarah observed. Melanie woke up with an aching head, only to discover that she had well and truly wet the bed in her drunkenness. If not for the goodnite and her panties absorbing most of her pee, the bed would have been soaked as well. In Amy's room, two girls woke up wondering why they were in diapers, but more worried about how they could try and hide the fact that they were wearing wet diapers. One occupant; however, found herself without any recourse to hide. She was soaked. After two wettings, one of them belonging to Sarah, the wet spot extended far enough that her bed mate thought she herself had wet the bed when she woke up.

Sarah kept time speeding along throughout most of the morning. There was much laughter and gossip during breakfast. It wasn't long before everyone knew the story of the three bedwetters, one of them being Olivia herself, much to everyone's surprise. Olivia didn't have much to say, she was too focused on trying to keep her short skirt under control, lest she flash her pull-ups to the room.

Sarah could feel the strain of the extended dive as everyone boarded the bus, so she simply sat back and let the time flow on as she tried to prepare herself for the coming end of the dive. Halfway back to the school she heard jeers coming from the back of the bus. It seemed that Olivia had been unable to make it all the way home without having another accident. It wasn't surprising considering she had likely not been allowed to use the bathroom since her accident that morning. It seemed that Amy was able to hold on this time, either that or she was still wearing her diaper from the night before. Her diapers were significantly more absorbent than what Olivia or Melanie had been wearing.

When they finally arrived back at the school, the girls said farewell to their friends and went off with their parents. Olivia was glad to be home, and was trying not to think about the untold numbers of pictures there were floating around of her wearing a diaper and wetting herself. Melanie stood red faced as Sarah delivered a teen drinking PSA to her mother, as well as the importance of mattress protection.

Having done all she could, Sarah was finally ready to end the simulation. With just the press of a button, Sarah's vision went dark, until all her senses came rushing back all at once. She was back home, laying in bed. Moving took some doing. Her body had gotten used to the lack of impulses from her brain, so it took a moment before she could convince her body to sit back up. When she finally did become vertical, Sarah noticed her condition. It had only been about three hours since she began her dive, but without her conscious control, her body made some questionable decisions. The back of her legs and butt were soaked. She had some diapers laying around somewhere, for situations just like this, but she had neglected to put one on before diving, and now she had to deal with this. It wasn't the first time, and it certainly wouldn't be the last.

It wasn't until after Sarah had cleaned herself up, and hung her sheets up to dry that it crossed her mind to check on her program. Booting up the relevant process, Sarah ran the search function once again.

"Perfect." Sarah's teeth were bared as she smiled.

=======

Bed wetter: 28 results

Diaper: 21 results

=======

*002*2016-07-18 13:52

{{13 minutes ago, adriangache said:

Oh my...

Never have I seen such a perfect marriage of a great concept and impeccable execution. I'm almost sad that this is just a one-shot, but it really deserves to stand alone in its glory. Amazing!

}}

Thanks for your kind words. The concept definitely started out more mundane in the beginning, but soon enough it developed into what you see now.

*006*2016-07-23 22:59

{{19 hours ago, jippy said:

In the nicest way Garrus I hope you can't sleep more often! This was certainly an interesting story :)

}}

Lol, thanks. I'd prefer to get my writing done at more normal hours, but I did have fun with this one all the same.

