She Just Simply Couldn't Hold It Anymore

Author: gwebb38

*000*2023-06-07 20:16

(This is the first story that I have ever written on my own. I like the simple things. Just a girl, loosing control and peeing her pants on accident. I'm not much into the long form stories where we have to go through pages of backstory just to get to the good parts. Instead I just like to focus on a well written scene of the accident happening in real time. So I decide to try my hand at crafting such a scene myself. Just a simple scene where a girl tries to get to the bathroom but instead goes to the bathroom in her pants. Nothing special beyond that basic premise. I hope you enjoy.)

Caught in the labyrinth of the Shopping Mall corridors, Lily found herself in a daunting predicament. She had spent the last hour stuck in traffic, due to road construction and now, the urgency was intense, and she swiftly directed her steps toward the sanctuary of the restroom.

As she walked, every step seemed to amplify the urgent call of her bladder. Lily quietly whispered a prayer,

“Oh God, not now, please.”

But the plea to a higher power did little to alleviate her situation.

The bathroom sign seemed to mock her from its distant position. And though she was unaware of what was about to happen, right then and there, it was over. She was going to go in her pants.

Lily stopped and put her hands between her legs and softly whimpered:

“Nooo! Pleeease!”

And as her voice trailed off, the first unwanted spurt escaped, quickly filling her panties with warmth and wetness, seeping through them and wetting the inside fabric of her tight blue jeans, causing a small wet spot to appear in the lower front of her crotch.

The initial dampness that bloomed on her jeans sent a panic through her. Lily couldn’t believe it! She was actually starting to pee her pants.

“This couldn’t be real.” She thought to herself.

But then came another spurt. And seconds later, another. The relentless rhythm made the wet patch grow a little more. It was warm at first, then cold and uncomfortable against her skin. Then suddenly warm once again as yet a third spurt escaped from her tired, tiny pee hole. This caused the wet spot to grow to the size of a grapefruit, which also stretched between her legs and began to show in the back of her butt. It WAS real and it was happening to HER. She was losing control and she needed to act fast before it got too far out of hand.

She tried to quicken her pace, all the while pleading in her mind,

“Please, God, not here, not now.”

But her speed seemed to correlate directly with her loss of control. Another spurt, then another, longer this time, made the wet patch spread from the front to the middle of her jeans. She could feel the warmth seeping through her underwear, the wetness a stark reminder of her losing battle.

Tears welled up in her eyes, a mixture of desperation and humiliation.

“No! No! No! nooooo!.”

She begged silently, but another spurt followed, then another. Each release was stronger than the last, each wave leaving her jeans wetter, the darkened fabric a testament to her ordeal. The wetness now just above her knees on the front and back. Her crotch glistening with each step she took as each step forced another spurt, further soaking her lower half.

If any one would have looked up at this time, they would have seen a 22 year old girl, caught right in the middle of the process. Her crotch glistened with wetness, while struggling to hold it in. Unwilling to give up but unable to stop the pee from continuing to come through. The wetness slowly but steadily expanding, overtaking the dry parts of her light blue jeans, one inch at a time as each new spurt escapes her and enters into her jeans through her pee soaked panties.

With only a few more steps to the restroom, her control wavered completely. With all of her last effort she stood still and tried to hold it in but her body made the decision for her. Her vision began to blur. Her ears started to ring. And then she heard nothing, as if all of her senses focused in on one thing. And that was when she started fully, and without control, going to the bathroom in her panties and jeans.

She could feel her body forcefully relax and bladder fully open. As the pee started down the urethra to the tip of her pee hole, she didn’t have much time to think but with her eyes closed and with tears rolling down her face, she cried out,

“Ohhhh Noooo! ”

Then the main event began as her pee pushed passed her labia without resistance, just as if she was sitting on the toilet and letting it go on her own. With a sudden burst and a loud hiss, she could feel the wetness splash against her panties and fall back towards her girl parts, racing behind her, instantly wetting her butt and inner thighs. The sudden wetness quickly spread to the back of her jeans, all of the way down to her socks and into her shoes. The warmth of it making her whimper softly.

The once distant thought of losing control was now a reality, and she felt a tear escape, trailing down her cheek. The hissing and gurgling sound of her pee pushing against and then through her panties, was the only sound she could hear. The warm wetness gently massaging the inner and outer lips of her labia, creeping up her butt, moving past her inner thighs and finally down her drenched legs, was the only thing she could feel. She was fully entranced as if this moment was all that existed in reality.

This final wave came just as she reached the restroom door, leaving her jeans completely soaked. Her shoes squelched as she walked, a large puddle forming in her wake. When Lily finally regained some control and came back to reality, she hung her head down in shame and started to cry.

But still she had to pee and since she had already gone this far with it, she went ahead and finished going in her pants. This time on purpose; forcefully pushing out the remaining pee from her bladder, through her now soaked panties and straight into her jeans. The hissing sound once again started up and her crotch glistened one final time as she pushed the final stream of pee left in her. Then, 5 seconds later, the hissing died down and the glistening disappeared as she was finally done.

When it was over, shyly she looked up to see that everyone was staring at her in silence. Lilly had just went in her pants, from start to finish, in front of the entire Shopping Mall and there was nothing she could do about it.

The End. For Now. Maybe

