Valin

Author: Grim Reaper

*000*2017-06-24 03:47

Valin rode her bike down the sidewalk on her way to college. She was 23 and pursuing a doctorate in heart surgery. It was a tough field, but someone had to do it. Her world was a much different place from ours. As everyone knows there are multiple dimensions, some having monsters and myths, heroes and legends, others, like ours, bearing little traces of what could have but wasn't. Of course Valin didn't know about the differences of dimensions. She was a very well rounded skeptic of such things, and was quite content in that way of thinking. Or so she thought. On that day, everything was going to change.

"I'm not going to make it," Valin thought to herself as she rode quickly down the hill. Valin had woken up and done her daily regimen, the holy trio, running, swimming, and a little bit of martial arts to spice up the day. After that it was into the shower, hopping out for a bite to eat and two cups of green tea with a little sugar and honey. After that she hit the bathroom, threw on her shoes, and went out to greet the world. However, today hadn't gone quite so... smoothly to say the least. She woke up at her regular time of six am precisely and threw on her workout shorts and sports bra, packed her backpack with the essential odds and ends for her workout, and started jogging to the pool.

However a building had fallen across the road during a recent showdown between the mighty Gamma Girl and her nemesis, Fusion. It rocked the city and killed several people. Valin wished that she had that kind of power, to stand up for the little people and fight evil alongside other heroes and heroines. "I have the skill," Valin thought as she ran, "I just need the power to be able to stand up to them. Any half rate super villain could just kill me in a second, with ice, fire, interdimensional kitten lasers..." She turned left at the wreck and continued on, adding about 10 minutes onto her route.

She arrived at the pool, noticed it was empty, as usual, and headed into the locker room to get changed into her bathing suit. She slid off her sports bra displaying a slate gray bra which she unclipped before putting on her bikini top. She then slid off her shorts, revealing matching bottoms. She then headed out, dove in, and started swimming. The water was a little chilly, but she coped. She prided herself on being tougher than others who would have been left shivering on the poolside. She had a pretty attractive figure, not enough to truly stand out from the crowd, but not so that someone wouldn't notice her. After about 40 minutes of swimming she hopped out and dried off. She then returned to the lockers and headed to the dojo they had a few doors down. She quickly did some kickboxing and sparring with a few people who were there before work, before starting on her way back to her apartment.

She quickly biked her way back. She had realized as she was walking out, that due to her detour around the building she was running late. She picked up the pace and arrived back fairly quickly. She ran up to her room, threw her clothes all over the place and ran into the shower. Thankfully, the water in the complex was preheated, meaning that it was just the way she liked it, nice and toasty. After lathering up, she quickly rinsed the soap off her body and turned off the water. She dried off and ran her hands through her hair. It was about a foot long and was the shade of an almond.

After giving it a quick brushing session she threw on her clothes and ran downstairs to snag a bite to eat. She quickly burned some toast and ate it as she brewed her tea. If she didn't get her tea then she might fall asleep during class and miss things, jeopardizing her degree work. She gulped them down, still scalding hot, but tolerably sweet. While drinking she looked at the clock and saw that she was ten minutes late getting out the door. She quickly considered it, and decided to skip the bathroom in hopes of arriving on time.

"I'm not going to make it," Valin thought as she rode down that hill. She realized she was going too fast. And then the car slammed into her. She felt as if time slowed, and she flew through the air, her bent up biking sliding to across the ground before banging into a wall. Valin kept flying however, and hit the cement hard in a nearby alleyway. The last thing she saw before blacking out was the shadows slowly closing in around her.

*002*2017-06-24 05:24

Valin woke up on a chunk of black and white tile. Not cheap linoleum or some plastic. Marble tiles. Valin felt pain across her body. It was unimaginable. She felt like she had been stomped on by a giant. She rose slowly and eyed her surroundings. She took a step forward and jumped back when she realized she'd been about to step into empty space. She saw around her, fragments of objects, furniture, walls, and other things. She felt an icy cold sensation behind her and gasped aloud as she felt a length of cold metal wrapping around her throat.

It pulled tight, cutting off all air. Valin quickly elbowed behind her and felt only cloth. She pulled at the chain, loosening it and allowing in a few precious breaths before it was yanked back into place. Thinking quickly, Valin grabbed the chain and flipped her assailant, sending it soaring over her head. She tore the chain off and faced the attacker. All she saw was an empty black cloak, hovering in the air, the depths of its cowl staring into her soul. "Hello worthy one," a thin rasping voice whispered to her. "Who the hell are you? Where am I? Why did you try to choke me!"

"Patience little one, and all will be revealed. My name is Nye, and you are in the void. This place was once occupied by my home, before it was shattered in a great battle many years before. Now all that is left is what you see before you. After your accident I saved you from the threshold of death by bringing you here and using my very limited powers to stop your injuries from killing you. Sadly I cannot heal you and can only delay the inevitable. However I will offer you a bargain to save your life, and to gain the power to bring justice to those you see fit of having it."

"Alright," Valin replied. "I'll hear you out. However you still didn't answer my question. Why save me and then try to kill me?" The cloak chuckled mirthlessly before replying "I had to test whether you were worthy of what I was offering. I have watched you and seen your drive, your lust for justice, and your futility. By choking you I tested whether you had the abilities to get me what I want. You see, you have the ability to restore my home to what it was. It was a grand place occupied by myself and my friends. You see, there is something we both want. Power. If you restore my house, I shall provide you with abilities beyond your imagination. And then some. And I will have a place to live, and a friend who can help me in my quest to bring even more glory to the house." Valin paused for a long moment and considered her response.

"Nye, you have yourself a deal." If cloaks could smile, than this one would be grinning from ear to ear. "Excellent," it breathed. "Picture what you wish the house to look like and it shall appear as such." Valin stretched out her hand and the rubble organized itself and refitted into its original arrangements. It whizzed through the void and formed into the shape of a hall, with walls of a dark hickory, tables of red granite, checkerboard patterned floors, white cushioned chairs and divans, and an imposing door set into the wall. "Good," Nye said pleasantly. "Take that door to the left and inside you will find a healing tub. Sit in it and it will restore you to your original condition."

"Thank you," Valin said before bowing and entering the door.

She quickly went in and threw off her skirt and shirt before hopping into the water. It seemed as if the pool had been hewn from a single piece of stone, for there were no joints she could see. It seemed to be pretty deep, and had a dark shadowy patch shaded under an overhang in the tub. It was a perfect temperature in the pool and Valin slowly lazed back and thought. She realized that in all the stress since getting hit and shaping a whole new world she had forgotten about rushing out the door. She had to pee. Badly. She twined her legs together and held it in. She had been sitting in the pool for a decent amount of time when she chose to look at her arm. It had previously had a large gash in it, but now, the flesh was knitting itself back together. "This must be that healing magic Nye talked about" she thought to herself.

"Hello" Nye's voice said emerging from a shadow. Valin gasped in shock and pressed her legs tightly together as she felt her bladder attempt to give out on her from the shock. "My apologies if I startled you, however you should get used to it. At no time are you truly safe here. This house will always be testing you to determine if you are worthy to reside in it and wield its power. I see your wounds are tending nicely and you shall be well soon. It is now that I should explain what I give you as my side of the bargain. Seeing as you are worthy, I have seen fit to give you powers I reserve only to the mistress of the house. You have speed that would make a sprinter jealous, endurance greater than a beast of the depths, strength to bring envy to the mightiest of your kind, a resilience to all manner of hexes and enchantments unmatched by even the greatest of heroes, and the ability to fade from sight, visible as only a flitting shadow. And you have me."

"What would a ragged old piece of cloth give me?" Valin asked sarcastically. "By wearing me as a cloak or cape if you will, I will provide you with advice, wisdom, battle sense, and witty banter. I will also aid you in bringing more power to the house and yourself. There is however a catch to this power."

"There always is" she muttered. "There is a ball of chains tattooed into your back. As you use your powers, these chains will grow across your body. Once they cover all your limbs they shall begin to reach around your neck. If the chains connect at the back of your neck, than you shall incarnate. You shall gain access to infinite power from the house. However you shall become the essence of this place. Everywhere you go, you will judge others for their worthiness, doing battle with them and slaying them if they fail to meet your standards. After all, only the strong survive here. This condition will where off after 12 hours, however if you wish to be a true hero I would advise avoiding this. There is one last tool in your arsenal," Nye said while setting a jagged mask made of dark iron onto the table.

"This mask, when worn, will multiply your powers by one hundred. You will move so fast that it will feel as if time has stopped around you. You will throw cars and be able to do all this without fatigue. However there are catches. You will return to your normal, human durability, so I advise you don't get hit. And your chains will grow much more quickly." With that, Nye folded himself up and set down on a chair. Valin quickly stuffed a hand into her crotch and pressed down on her pee hole. It was at that point she felt the water stir and a scaly hand alighted on her thigh. Valin screamed and stared down as an impish creature clawed her thigh and moved to sink its teeth into her knee.

She felt a slight spurt escape her and clamped shut before any more came out. She lashed out, and punched the creature in its bulbous round eye. It hissed and scampered off, as Valin gave it a kick while it ran. It released a howl and vanished into the darkness at the bottom. A deep growling noise came from where it vanished, and she saw a large tentacle emerging from the shadows, moving in her direction. With that Valin let out a little chirp and scrambled out of the water. She saw the tentacle receding and was very glad she managed to escape, since she had no doubt she didn't want to see the whole creature.

Realizing she was the only person in this place, Valin quickly darted out of the poolroom clutching Nye and the mask. She entered into a room with a one marked on the door. She opened the cabinets in the room and found them filled with billowing shirts and pants, along with maroon undergarments. Everything seemed to fit her surprisingly well. "Alright Nye, I'm human and I really need to use the bathroom. Can you please tell me where one is?" The cloak moved until it fit over her shoulders and lightly settled down, moving its chain across the front of her throat to hold it in place. "We don't have one," Nye simply stated. "I'm a piece of cloth what would I need one for."

"Fair enough," Valin panted, moving a hand into her trousers to cup her girlhood. "How do I leave here so that I can get to one?"

"Alright, walk out into the main entryway to the right wall" Valin walked to that point and found thirteen swords set on the wall. Each one was monstrously long, anywhere from six to eleven feet. "Grab the first sword, the one with the golden inlay. Her name is Mithra and she is yours. Don't look at me like that, you will be able to wield her fine. Your new strength sees to that. If you need her, hold out your right hand and call out to her in your mind. She will appear in your hand and you can defend yourself and others.

If you drop her, she will return here to this rack. To leave and enter the house, hold her over your head and cut slowly through the air. It will tear a hole in the fabric of reality and let you return to the real world. Whenever you travel between here and there you will return to where you carved your portal, so be wary of where you place it." Valin hefted Mithra up, and cut downwards, opening a slash in the air which appeared in the alleyway she had been lying in. Clutching herself she hopped through the slash before it shut.

She then felt a massive explosion shake the ground around her, startling her and causing another leak to seep out. Valin quickly held herself and stood very still and waited until the urge passed before getting moving. She looked out of the alley and saw the notorious villain TNT tossing sticks of dynamite into store windows and giggling gleefully at the carnage. "Stop!" Valin called as she held forth her massive sword. She knew she was in a bad way when it came to her bladder, however she would have to suck it up. People needed her. "Who're you?" the villain asked curiously "Are you some new wannabe hero, who thinks they're so special? Come on over here and go one v one with ole mister boomstick, and I'll teach you just how lacking you are little girl."

"That's it." Valin thought as she channeled her new powers. She felt an icy cold seep through her as she picked up speed, aiding her as she travelled faster than a speeding train. The cold however, wasn't doing her bladder any favors. It spurted once, and then again. Valin tried to clamp her lips more tightly together, however there's only so much you can do when you're fighting a man tossing TNT at you. "You're pretty quick," said the villain with a mad cackle. "I've almost hit you a couple times though. Sadly, almost only works in horseshoes and hand grenades. Luckily, I have hand grenades!"

He grabbed a bomb and threw it ahead of Valin. She saw it land and gasped as it exploded, sending her flying. She landed on the ground and slid into a wall. "Ding Dong the witch is dead!" TNT cheered loudly. Valin felt a massive gush escape her bladder. "No, no, no, no, no..." she thought as she felt the pressure in her bladder go down as it emptied all over her new clothes. In the end she was a hot wet mess. With that her anger reached a crescendo. "He humiliated you." Nye whispered simply. "Teach him a lesson, and show him no one messes with the house." With that Valin rose.

"Ready for round two?" the villain asked joyfully. Valin reached into the cloak and removed the mask. She slid it on and felt massive new wells of power flow through her. She held Mithra in one hand and ran forward so quickly that if you blinked you would have missed it. As she ran she took hold of Mithra in both hands and rammed it through TNT, until she had him impaled six feet through the sword. She then flicked the blade and sent him flying up thirty feet, until he landed on the asphalt with a sickening crunch. He lay there, as his blood pooled around him and his life seeped away. "My work here is done," Valin said as she turned and walked away.

*004*2017-06-25 00:00

Thanks! I'll keep that in mind when I'm writing in the future!

*006*2017-06-26 03:13

{{On 6/24/2017 at 9:29 PM, Bellatrix1 said:

This is excellent so far

}}

Thanks Bellatrix, glad you like it!

"Pass the scalpel." Valin calmly handed the instrument to her professor. They were practicing their coronary bypass grafting procedures on a model, and she couldn't afford to mess up. What with her recently taking on the mantle of a superhero she had missed a couple classes, which had caused her grades to suffer. "Remember students, how important it is to be extremely careful and precise with your movements. One wrong cut could be the difference between saving the patient and prematurely ending their lives."

"Yes Mrs. Inkle," the students replied.

"Valin, could you please describe what the surgery we are doing fixes?" the professor inquired. "Certainly. The coronary bypass graft is a procedure that is used when plaque hardens in the blood vessels near the heart. We are cutting a path around it for blood to flow through."

"Very good. And this last cut should wrap up the procedure. Any questions?" No one replied. "That will be all, you may go now."

Valin stepped out into the light. It was midday, probably about one. She drew up the cowl on her cloak and felt a chain tighten against her neck. "God she droned on for so long. Let's go kill someone or find a powerful artifact."

"No Nye, I'm a hero, not some petty lowlife villain. I don't run that way."

"Fine," Nye huffed. "You're so boring. Why did the most worthy person in the city have to be some goody two shoes who isn't willing to take what she wants. Why do you even still live in that dingy apartment of yours? The house is a much nicer place than that. Even if every other night you wake up to someone strangling you."

"I need to keep some appearance of being normal. Let's go get something to eat." Valin stepped off into a side alley and extended her hand. After only a second or two, a massive sword dropped into her hand. Quickly scanning for people, she raised the sword up into the air and opened a portal.

After jumping through, the portal closed with a snap. Nye sighed contently and moved away from Valin until he was hovering in the air. "Always good to be home. If you are hungry follow me. And bring the sword." Valin looked at him quizzically and walked behind him. "There are many areas of this place you have yet to visit. Some rooms contain guardians whose power can be taken if they are defeated. Others are bedrooms for people like you to live here. However for the moment you are alone." Nye slipped under a door on the side of a hallway, and waited until Valin had opened the door and stood beside him. Before them was a massive clearing, with a giant tree in the middle. On that tree were peaches of all shapes, sizes, and colors. At the foot of the tree what appeared to be a man lay sleeping.

"Karnatas. Get up! You have a challenger." Nye called. "Huh? I haven't had a challenger for a long time." Karnatas said, rubbing the sleep from his eyes. "I have no intent on challenging anyone," Valin protested. "I just want to grab some food."

"That's no how things work around here," Karnatas rumbled. "If you want something you have to fight for it and prove yourself worthy. Tell me, are you worthy of eating my food!" With that Karnatas rose, until he stood about 10 feet tall. He hefted a battle axe in one hand and a Warhammer in the other.

Valin quickly raised her sword and sized up her foe. Upon closer examination Karnatas seemed to be a massive patchwork creation, stitched together from numerous pieces of material and having large visible holes scattered across his body. However that wasn't really important in the grand scheme of things. What was important was the massive steel hammer moving extremely quickly at her face. Valin drew on her strength and threw herself backwards ten feet, before drawing on speed to dash forward and swing Mithra at the beast. Karnatas parried easily and taunted Valin, saying "Ha, with moves like that you'll never be able to even get close to those peaches!"

Valin darted back and considered her options. Karnatas was wielding two weapons which meant he could both block and attack at the same time, albeit with a little difficulty. Nye had mentioned at one point that there was an armory she could draw upon should she need a different weapon. Now seemed like one of those scenarios. Valin ran forward, hefting Mithra and swinging it to the left with all her strength. Karnatas moved both his weapons to that side in an effort to block. While he was distracted Valin moved her right hand and pictured a rapier. With a glimmer, a small sword fell into her hand, and she shifted it up until it hovered at Karnatas throat. "Bravo!" Nye and several other floating cloaks were hovering nearby watching. "Well done," Karnatas said simply, laying down his arms and moving to the side. "You are free to eat."

"So there's going to be no dragons that try and eat me if I touch the fruit, no floating swords that eviscerate me, or a fire giant that burns me alive?" Valin asked honestly. "No, no, try the coat closet for that last one." Nye chuckled. "What?" Valin asked, alarmed. "Nothing." replied he replied innocently. Valin dropped Mithra and reached up, plucking a low hanging fruit from its branch. She bit into it, and tasted a fulfilling taste, not like any fruit that she had ever had before. It tasted like everything she loved, and more. "That's wonderful," Valin said, staring at the fruit. "Enjoy it while you can. Every time you want to eat while you're here, you'll have to fight him. And while I've never dueled him. I've heard he gets remarkably strong the more you battle."

Valin walked through the house, looking at various doors as she walked past them. Eventually she felt exhaustion creeping up on her and realized that she had been up for quite some time, and engaged in a duel with a massive sack cloth monster. She staggered about until she finally came across her room. She threw open the door and was about to pass out on the bed, when she realized something was off. Suddenly awake, Valin walked out of her room and look at the sword rack. There were only 12 swords.

*008*2017-09-27 06:31

After the extended hiatus that is very characteristic of me, I am back to write another chapter. I ran into a little bit of a problem, I like Valin so much that I don't want her to wet herself. Which is a problem. But regardless have a plot driven chapter!

Valin walked to the wall. Her sword was hanging in its slot, meaning only one thing. Someone else was bonded to a sword. "Nye!" She called into the empty halls, suddenly feeling the slightest bit of fear. A foe stalked the corridors of her home now. The place she thought was safe from all foes. She wouldn't exactly say it was an extraordinarily safe place, with water creatures, levitating cloaks with a fascination for asphyxiation, and big bags who guard food, however these creatures wished to make her stronger. If someone had stolen one of the thirteen blades, that probably means they aren't exactly working out of the kindness of their heart. She walks to the shelves and takes down Mithra, knowing that the seconds it takes to summon it could be enough to end her.

Carefully creeping through the halls, Valin kept her ears trained for any sound that could signal an attack. She turned a corner and saw the shadows of the corridor all consolidating into one spot, forming a circle of pure darkness about a foot across. Small bubbles of shadow popping off the darkness before sliding back in. From the shadow rose a figure of pure darkness, sucking in the light of the hall. Only two glints of light were visible in the shadow. Mithra, and the massive blade in the beings hand.

The blade was cracked and tarnished, and reached at least 13 feet long. Evidently it had the same super strength she had. The halls here were big, however they couldn't fit blades of this size. So Valin did exactly what one shouldn't do when fighting down a supernatural creature with a monsterous sword. She dropped Mithra and ran straight at it. The creature cocked it's head, obviously confused, before trying to take a swing. The sword carved a large gash in the wall, before getting stuck.

Valin slammed headfirst into the shadow and brought it to the ground. She punched it and a little fleck of its face crumpled off. So, she punched it again. Harder. And more of it's face flaked away. She then started punching it repeatedly, until the shadow was entirely gone. She heard a swish behind her and felt a cold breath down her neck. "Hello," Nye said simply, staring at her in the blank void of its hood. "I will explain what that was. Follow me."

"What you saw was a twisted amalgamation, a nye fused with a human. One of our lesser fellows probably trapped someone in here, drove him mad, and possessed him. Your violence banished him into the real world. He will be much more difficult to defeat there, because you won't just be able to get his weapon stuck in a wall. So get out there and stop him."

"That's it." Valin said, flabbergasted. "Yes. If you let him rampage then he could damage our reputation in your world, and turn its people against you. Good luck."

L’obscurité vient

*011*2017-10-17 05:26

"You beat him but now you have to go fight him again in the real world," Valin snidely muttered under her breath. "He's going to be so much stronger and you can't beat him through cheesy means. God this is cliché." Valin was searching the city for Shade, the evil shadow who had stolen one of the houses swords and tried to kill her. He had never said his name was shade, so she had just started calling him, her nemesis, that. It felt good to have a nemesis. It was almost a stepping stone to being considered a real superhero.

A loud crashing noise emanated from a nearby alley. Quickly running in she called Mithra. Guard at the ready, she awaited the threat. And out of the darkness stepped... a kitten. Valin ran it over to an adoption center and got back to work because she was busy damn it. She was a little worried. Recently there had been a murder, where a victim, George Lupez, had been hacked to pieces by a mystery assailant. There were massive gashes left in the asphalt road and the bricks of a nearby building, and on the wall next to the victim, was a V written in his blood. And the city suspected her. Her home had been sabotaged and attacked by a mysterious foe, and now her city, her turf, was being turned against her. The shade was a devious fellow, and worked in the shadows as he conspired against her.

She then heard the sound of metal screeching off rock, pitiful, gut wrenching screams, and the sound of homicidal laughter. She ran around the corner, her blade appearing in her hand. She braced herself as she turned the corner and saw Shade with his blade stuck in the brick wall, his victim in 10 pieces scattered around him. He was currently scrawling his mark, whether to call her attention to it or frame her, she didn't know. "Hey!" Valin called as she cracked her neck. "Looking for me?" The shade turned and looked at her, 2 green sparks staring out of the darkness at her. A crack signaled the shadows blade leaving the wall. Valin dashed forward, swinging for the shades neck. And it was gone. Just like that.

Fire erupted in her left calf. Valin dropped to one knee feeling a pain, realizing the shade had somehow gotten around her. However it hadn't struck her with its sword. What had hit her was a simple knife. "Why?" She thought confused. The shade grabbed the dagger and threw it behind her. She quickly spun around and lopped off the shades head. She smiled smugly as it crumbled into motes of shadow before losing that smirk as it vanished into the shadows. "I can literally decapitate it and it still lives."

And then it go worse in the only possible way it could. The police showed up. Several officers immediately hopped out and trained weapons on her. "On your knees! Drop the sword!" They called. Valin hesitated for a second before dropping Mithra, putting on the mask, and running. She was a wanted woman. Her city wasn't hers anymore. She was considered a criminal. She had failed.

Le plus sombre Nye vient

