Fluttershy's Wet Dreams (WARNING: CONTENTS CANON x OC AND DIAPERS)

Author: Guest Shadowmancer

*000*2018-01-11 22:48

One night, Fluttershy was sleeping peacefully along with her boyfriend,Shooting Star. Fluttershy had her recurrent dream where her bunny pet Angel is giant-sized and it is petting her. Meanwhile in the real world, she didn't noticed that her panties started to soak slowly, and finally the pee squirts started to flow, wetting her cute panties and the sheets. Suddenly woke up and realized that she wet her bed.

*Fluttershy: Oh,no!...

Embarrased and blushed she started to cry, her cry made Shooting Star wake up.

*Shooting Star: -worried- Wh-what's going on,baby? Why are you crying?

*Fluttershy: -sobbing- ...I...I peed myself in my panties...

Then Fluttershy kept crying and Shooting Star hugged her and petted her girlfriend's hair, trying to comfort her.

*Shooting Star: Please don't cry anymore,honey...it's okay, this is something natural and completely normal, the accidents happens, even to a girl of your age.

*Fluttershy: -more relaxed and cleaning her tears- I...I'm sorry...but...I have not wet the bed since I was a little girl...but I'm worried...I must change my panties and we must change the sheets,and now I'm scared...what if this happens again?

*Shooting Star: Don't worry, I will clean everything. And I'll tell you something, but please don't tell to nobody.

*Fluttershy: It's okay, I will keep your secret, what is?

*Shooting Star: Now I'm a strong man, but in my childhood I was a weak and timid kid. In the elementary school I couldn't hold it and I peed my pants...in class...that happened two times, but the second time everybody noticed it.

*Fluttershy: Oh no! That sounds awful! What happened after? -she asked curious-

*Shooting Star : Nothing, nobody made fun of me, but anyways was embarrassing. The point is...if even me I had accidents when I was a kid you mustn't feel bad for this.

*Fluttershy: You're right...but I'm still worried...I need a solution,you know about some? A type of medicine or something like that?

*Shooting Star: -thinking- ...I have an idea,but first take off your wet panties and take a shower, meanwhile I will turn the mattress and change the sheets.

*Fluttershy: Mmm...okay...

Then Fluttershy went to the bathroom and take a hot shower, Shooting Star washed the wet sheets and Fluttershy's panties and changed them for a dry ones.

*Fluttershy: Well...tell me what's your idea,please...

*Shooting Star: Well...maybe you will think it's a ridiculous idea, but it's very effective...Would you like to wear diaper? Maybe would be embarrassing for you, but very effective for avoid the accidents.

*Fluttershy: Diapers?...mmm...I don't know...well,If with that I keep my sheets dry...I'll do! I will wear diaper!

*Shooting Star: Excellent!

Then Shooting Star went out, searching an open place for buy diapers, he bought only two diapers, only for see how Fluttershy reacts. Back in Fluttershy's bedroom, she layed down in her bed, Shooting Star take her panties off from her, then he put the diaper under her, and put some of baby powder too

*Shooting Star: Aww Fluttershy, you look very cute!

Fluttershy was a little nervous,wear diapers again at 17 years is something new for her. But at the moment when Shooting Star fastened her diaper she smiled and blushed a little.

*Fluttershy: Oh my!...this feels...so soft...and...comfy!

*Shooting Star: -smiling- I'm glad you like it,Flutty.

*Fluttershy: Umm...do you think...I could wear diapers all time? Even during the day, I like them much more than my panties.

*Shooting Star: As you wish,honey. You look very adorable wearing diapers!

*Fluttershy: -blushing and smiling- Yay!

*Shooting Star: Do you want some cookies and milk before back to sleep?

*Fluttershy: Yes,please.

Shooting Star brought a plate with cookies and a glass with fresh milk for her beloved girlfriend, when she finished now both were ready for back to sleep, he gave her a goodnight kiss.

*Shooting Star: Sweet dreams, baby. I love you.

*Fluttershy: -smiles- Sweet dreams, I love you too.

*Shooting Star: Wait,you forget your teddy bear.

*Fluttershy: -take her teddy bear* Thank you.

Finally Fluttershy fell asleep, she slept more comfortable with the diaper on.

Fluttershy wears diapers almost everyday, she likes to wear them and being changed by Shooting Star. She is happier and her sleeps are more comfortable and peaceful.

