The Accidental 24-Hour Hold

Author: Guest DESPERATIONMAN

*000*2016-02-14 22:03

12:01am, Tuesday 11th February

Alice sighed as she felt her bladder let go, sat alone in her en-suite bathroom. There was something Alice always found reasonably therapeutic about using the toilet, with just her, the trickling sound of her pee hitting the bowl, and the sweet feeling of relief for company. In her younger days, she would return home with her bladder practically bursting, after seven hours of avoiding using the disgusting loos at school. She would run upstairs, lock herself in the bathroom and let go, sometimes unable to avoid moaning with relief. She sometimes wondered how she managed to avoid wetting herself at all, as it often felt as though she left it close a lot of the time, yet remarkably, she hadn't had an accident since she was about ten, when she couldn't hold on any longer after a long car journey. 

Even in her adult life, she still had a few close shaves, a few tube journeys home with tightly crossed legs here and there, a few occasions where she had one too many cups of coffee. She even found herself peeing in an alleyway a few months ago, after finding herself drunk and desperate on the way home from a night out, although as a shy person, she never liked to admit this to anyone. Besides, at 24 years old, she should be able to make it to a proper toilet without any commotion, and she prided herself on her strong bladder control. Always a high-achiever, she had found herself working as a journalist for one of Britain's top newspapers, however in such an intense working environment, the chances to pee weren't always available as often as she'd like.

She wiped her pussy, and flushed the paper down the toilet. Standing up, she went to wash her hands, catching sight of her naked body in the mirror. Her boyfriend always told her how beautiful she looked, but as someone low on self confidence, she never really believed him. However with beautiful long brown hair and an amazing figure, she was truly gorgeous. With David, her boyfriend, fast asleep, Alice climbed into bed next to him, and prepared to drift off. The time was 12:03am, and little did Alice know that she had taken her last wee for twenty four hours.

###

8:05am

"FUCK!" Alice exclaimed.

As she hastily slipped on a pair of purple knickers, and some smart black trousers, David came to.

"What's going on?" David asked.

"The fucking alarm didn't go off, and I have to be at the tube station in twenty fucking minutes," she exclaimed, unusually flustered, as she struggled to put her bra on. The tube station was about a ten minute drive away, so Alice didn't really have time to do anything other than put her make up on, tidy her hair up and grab a quick cereal bar and a small bottle of Tropicana. Soon she was out the door, and in the car, ready for the big day she had ahead of her. She was interviewing an prestigious author about his new book, in her most important moment of her career so far. She'd prepared for weeks, however she couldn't help but feel nervous about her interview. She swigged the rest of her orange juice, as she kissed her boyfriend goodbye, grabbing her bag containing all her notes. As she ended up arriving at the tube station early, she grabbed herself a large coffee and sat down on the platform, mentally running through the interview in her head.

###

10:14am

After a long tube journey, which involved her having to change twice, she was finally at her stop. She passed the toilets, and debated using them, however she resented the notion of paying for the need to urinate, and besides, she'd be able to pee when she arrived at the cafe she was due to meet the writer in. She picked up a bottle of water from WH Smiths, and discarded of her empty orange juice carton and coffee cup. It was a freezing cold day, and Alice felt her bladder twinge slightly at the feeling of cold air. Nonetheless, she was an adult, and she'd be able to hold on until the cafe, which was a half an hour walk away.

###

10:47am

"I'm sorry, the loo is currently out of order," the blonde waitress told Alice.

Alice frowned, as she could have really done with a pee, however she wasn't desperate yet, so thanked the waitress.

"To be honest, I'm bursting to pee myself, seriously worried I'll wet my knickers," the waitress told her, as she dug her hands into her crotch.

Alice returned to her table, wincing slightly at the overshare she had just heard. She began to prepare for the interview when the writer walked in.

"Hi there, you must be Alice," the kind older gentleman outstretched a hand.

"Hello Mr Jacobs, so good to finally meet you," Alice exclaimed.

"Please. call me Michael, everyone else does. Now what can I get you to drink?" he asked, unaware of the fullness of her bladder.

"Oh it's okay, I'm fine for drinks," Alice quickly responded, keen not to make her task of holding it more difficult.

"I insist, I'll pay," Mr Jacobs added.

"I suppose just a small flat white would be good then," she replied, hoping she wouldn't regret that decision later on.

The same waitress from before came to take their orders, noticeably fidgety, however managing to at least maintain a smile. "Two large flat whites please," Michael requested. Alice inwardly moaned, the elderly man must have not heard her specifically asking for a small coffee. She knew that a large coffee would leave her feeling very desperate by the end of the interview. The waitress went to fetch the coffees, and from the corner of the eye, Alice could see her biting her lip and shutting her eyes as she prepared the coffee. Alice was now keen to focus on the task in hand, so began to ask Tom questions.

The interview was going swimmingly, however halfway through, Alice became distracted by a conversation between her and her female manager. Her manager was a brunette, probably about thirty, with fashionable glasses and a big chest.

"Celia, please can I go to the loo across the road, I'm dying for a pee." the waitress begged.

"No Lizzie, we're understaffed today, you can't leave while we're this busy. Besides, you're not the only one who's desperate," Celia replied, crossing her legs together.

"Please, I'm going to wet myself," Lizzie was now pleading, with actual tears in her eyes.

"I'm sorry, but I can't let you go, you're just going to have to be a big girl and hold it." Celia firmly told Lizzie.

Alice was well aware of her own need to pee at this point, with two coffees, an orange juice and half a bottle of water now sitting in her bladder. Finish the interview, then pee, she thought to herself. At least she knew there was a toilet across the road. Lizzie came over to collect the empty coffee mugs, clearly in a great deal of pain.

"H-h-h-how were you drinks?" she asked, openly twisting her legs round and bending her knees.

"Excellent thanks," Alice glanced sympathetically, as tears once again appeared in Lizzie's eyes.

"T-t-that's good, would you like the bill?" Lizzie asked.

"That would be great thank you," Michael answered.

"Okay, I'll bring that ahhhhhhh," Lizzie was interrupted mid-sentence, as she tightly crossed her legs together.

She rushed off with the coffee mugs, and Alice could again hear her talking to her superior. "I'm wetting myself, I just leaked a bit of pee into my knckers,"

"Look, I'm busting for a wee as well, just hold on a bit longer," Celia could barely stop herself hopping from foot to foot. Lizzie returned with the bill, but gasped as another drop of wee presumably escaped her bursting bladder. Lizzie passed the bill, before looking up to the ceiling as Michael took a long sip of water. Alice could hear Lizzie whimpering as Michael searched for his debit card.

"Oh my God," Lizzie gasped. A quiet trickling sound could be heard, as her bladder finally gave way. Lizzie held her head in her hands, as Alice saw her hot pee pool at the bottom of her feet. She could see her tights were now saturated with urine, and the wee had seeped through to leave a wet patch on her skirt.

"Don't worry, love, it happens to everyone occasionally," Michael comforted her.

Alice agreed, although began to think through this statement. It happens to everyone occasionally. She'd never wet herself, and of her friends, only Poppy had had an accident in public, and even then, that was on a New Year's Eve where she was exceptionally drunk. In the line for the loo, she'd just let go, and peed her knickers in her tight red dress. At this point, they were all thrown out of the bar, but it was still one of the more memorable New Year's Eve parties. Alice wondered if Celia would help Lizzie, after cruelly denying her the chance for relief, however her question was soon answered, as the boss bolted out the door, with dignity seeping away, tightly holding on to her crotch. Alice swore she saw a bit of urine leak out, but she may have been wrong.

"Anyway, nice to meet you Michael, the piece should be published within the next few days." Alice told him, relieved to finally be able to void her bladder.

"I'm going past the station if you need a lift?" Michael asked.

###
