Life of Hermione Granger and Ronald Weasley

Author: gladonfiyor

*000*2019-04-03 15:41

I am a hardcore Romione shipper and hence the title. This is an experiment. I had this idea of fanfiction for a while. If you like this one, I will provide further sequels. Thanks for reading this.

Hermione Granger and Ronald Weasley studied at Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry along with their best friend Harry Potter. From the very first day when they met both Hermione and Ron had a quite a love-hate relationship. As Hermione was miffed and quite rightly so by Ron's reference to her as a "know it all" she wanted to hate him , even when she knew he was right. Hermione was an emotional mess and went to the Girl's lavatory to grieve and to save herself from further embarrassment.

Ron, though did not mean to hurt Hermione, he was quite hurt by her implications about him not being competent enough at magic, in professor Flitwick's Charms class. He felt bad enough for her to enquire about her whereabouts to their housemates. He felt particularly bad when Parvati Patil told them that she was crying in the Girl's lavatory and wouldn't come out of there. Matters didn't help when professor Quirell announced them about having been invaded by a troll who was at the moment residing in the dungeons.

In midst of the commotion, Harry and Ron went looking for Hermione to warn her about the potential danger and to have her return to the Gryffindor tower safely. It was then, that they became aware of the troll heading towards the girl's lavatory, and that Hermione's life was in mortal danger. Ron was terrified that it was due to him that another housemate's life was in danger. By the moment both the boys had located Hermione, the troll was already in there. It terrified Hermione so much so that her bladder control slipped and she started soaking her underwear. Afterwards she was quite ashamed that she had wet herself like a toddler. But among all these Ron had found a new found respect for her, for not only being brave but also lying to professor McGonagall to save their skins. From next day Hermione had become friends with Harry and Ron. Amidst all the commotion her wetting accident was forgotten among themselves.

Even without the presence of Harry both Ron and Hermione got along very well. I suspect that the troll incident had brought about a new dynamic among them. Hermione reverred Ron for him being able to use the appropriate charm in the need and Ron being awed by Hermione's loyalty and bravery. One night after studying with both Harry and Ron, Hermione was feeling stressed, Ron cracked up by telling some jokes about his brothers and both Harry and Hermione started laughing and suddenly Hermione felt a small trickle of her wee hitting her panties. She almost stopped laughing but continued when she had a better control on her bladder.

Even though she had not told any of her friends about her little accident, she inwardly felt humiliated for having accidents which only toddlers would have. That night she had a bedwetting accident. Next morning she was feeling down due to her previous nocturnal accidents, Ron tried to cheer her up by making some funny remarks about that day's breakfast. Ron's articulate remarks never failed to bring a genuine and warm smile on Hermione's face and this was no exception. Continuing to giggle Hermione almost forgot about her nightmarish bedwetting accident.

That year was a very dramatic one. Hermione's bladder control was terrible and her friendship with Ron strengthened and she feared that if he knew about her nasty problem he would stop being friends with her. Though Harry was also present his friendship didn't feel like Ron's to her. Though losing Harry as a friend will hurt her terribly but losing Ron as her friend will hurt her more. And her precocious mind couldn't find an explanation to this bizarre conclusion. And Hermione had spent many nights in the terror of losing either of her friends due to her poor bladder control problems. And she had cried many times, fearing that Ron (Harry) will know about her dirty little secret. Ron and Harry were the first real friends Hermione ever had and she would never do anything jeopardise their friendship. She still had not found her subconscious attraction towards Ron.

Meanwhile, Ron was having dreams involving Hermione and he felt strangely attracted towards her. He felt himself getting more close and comfortable with her. While his friendship with Harry was brother like he could not categorise his friendship with Hermione. Also, he started noticing that his letters home were more littered with Hermione' annoying habits or her more endearing prospects and his mother Mrs. Weasley would smile knowingly in her solitude as she would reminiscence about her confused feelings about certain red-headed boy who had now gone bald. More Ron started pondering about Hermione more he would be awed by this wonderful girl, which was not obvious to the outsiders. Many a times he thought if Harry felt same about Hermione and he would be surprised to notice that he would get unnaturally angry.

Philosopher's stone had provoked Hermione's thirst for knowledge and she spent more time at the library that in the Gryffindor common room. One night when she was hypnotised by a very old manuscript written by Albus Dumbledore himself, she forgot about her filling bladder. By the time she was aware of her problem, it was almost out of her hand. She left the library in a hurry towards the Girl's lavatory. Her almost running like stature resulted in a few dribbles in her panties before she got to the toilet. As soon as she entered the stall she yanked down her panties in a hurry and sat on the bowl. She was so desperate that she did not even lock her stall.

By the end of her urination she locked her stall door and examined her panties. Her brown panties had a darkened damp patch at her gusset and a few trickles had run down her legs. Grabbing a bunch of toilet paper, she started to dry her panties and her legs and took another handful of it and folded it in the form of a pad and placed it carefully in her panties before drawing it up. Her pee accidents were now more on the side of leaks and less on the side of complete wettings and she found it helpful to hide it from her dormmates and her friends. Hermione had by then resorted to wear toilet papers in her panties to avoid changing her underwear every time she had an accident.

Hermione was angry. Even that would be an understatement. She was beyond angry. What the "bloody hell" was Ron thinking? It was all good and heroic for Ron to sacrifice himself. Afterall, Harry could not have saved the Philosopher's stone without his sacrifice but her selfish mind again overtook and she again resorted to being angry at him. Obviously she was not at all his priority or he would not sacrifice himself without even thinking about her. Even thinking about losing Ron had her panic attacks. Even in all this commotion her bladder become her limitation.

All the running and screaming had not helped the matters at all. She knew it and prepared herself for it. She went for the thickest cotton panties and padded it with two layers of toilet papers and wore another pair of cotton panties over the first one to provide for maximum coverage and protection. It was not the best decision as she had started smelling of pee after some moments of leaking. Even Ron had complained smelling something pungent and "pishlike" to her after he woke from his concussion. She was fortunate that he fainted again and did not know it's origin. After taking Ron to hospital, she immediately took of her smelly undergarments and wore some fresh ones before visiting him and Harry at the hospital. She was saved for now.

The fanciful year came to an end. Harry, Ron and Hermione played Exploding snaps and Wizard's chess on their way to 9 3/4 station. At the station both Ron and Hermione were a bit sad for not meeting or seeing each other for such a long while and Ron promised both of them to write during their vacation. Mrs. Weasley watched her youngest son exchange longing glances with the girl with long curly and bushy brown hair. And smiled knowingly that her son still needed a few years to realise that he had fallen hard for his girl "friend".

The End

