Fullmetal Alchemist: Roy's Desperate Train Ride

Author: Guest emptywaterbotl

*000*2018-06-07 05:23

Roy Mustang frowned at the empty cup in front of him. He really should have known better than to drink that much when he was going to be on a train for two hours. He and Havoc were seated at the back of the train and the restrooms were right next to them. He had been watching people walk past him to relieve their bladders for the last hour, but he stayed glued to his seat as the pressure behind his belt continued to rise. Havoc was sprawled out on the seat across from him, snoring loud enough to almost drown out the sound of the train, so Roy allowed himself to quickly grab at his crotch and undo his belt a bit to relieve some of the pressure.

The squirming had gotten progressively worse over the last thirty minutes and he honestly didn’t know how much longer he could hold on. He glanced longingly at the toilets but knew it would be useless to even try. Mustang just couldn’t bring himself to go in such a public place. He was terrified the other passengers would hear and know that the great Flame Alchemist had to succumb to such human urges. Roy picked up the book he had been reading and attempted to read, but the desperation was making the words blur together. The pressure grew and grew until he couldn’t help but throw his hands into his lap, dropping his book, and let out a low groan.

The sudden movement and noise awoke Havoc who slowly raised one eye to see what all the commotion was about. To his surprise, he saw a writhing and desperate Colonel Mustang. Havoc gulped quietly and decided to continue “sleeping” as he occasionally peeped his eye open. He was baffled as to why the colonel didn’t just get up and use the bathroom right next to him. Then it occurred to Havoc that he had never actually seen Mustang go to the bathroom. Apparently avoiding public restrooms fell under the superhuman façade that Roy constantly attempted. 

After a couple minutes of watching Roy go from bobbing his leg to holding his crotch to contorting his body into strange new positions, Havoc decided to stop being a creeper and make himself known. He slowly stretched out his legs and let out a yawn as he opened his eyes, giving Roy plenty of warning to compose himself. The Colonel cursed under his breath as he saw Havoc was finally waking, he didn’t know how he would manage stoicism in the face of an ungodly amount of urine pressing at his bladder walls. Much to his displeasure, Havoc stood up and smiled lazily as he almost proudly announced his need to “drain the main vein.” The Lieutenant sauntered over to the toilets as Roy glared at him with poorly concealed jealousy.

Mustang glanced around the empty train car and made the rashest decision of his life. He pulled out his spurting member from the baggy military pants and began slowly wetting onto the floor. The bliss was short lived however, as he could hear Havoc finishing up. Roy clamped down hard, but only managed to slow the stream to small spurts as he placed himself back in his pants. Havoc walked back to the seat with a sigh of relief but was greeted with a pained face glaring back at him. 

Roy still hadn’t been able to stop the flow and the small leaks kept dampening his underwear and a small patch was beginning to form on his uniform pants. Havoc sighed again and switched seats from across the table to sit right next to Mustang. Tears were dripping down his face as his control began to falter more and larger leaks stained his pants. The lieutenant moved quickly to pull out Roy’s member and point it at the floor. He gently rubbed Roy’s back and whispered coos of encouragement as the spurts turned into a waterfall, soaking the wooden floor beneath them.

Roy was a crumpled mess of embarrassment as he watched himself lose control and Havoc was thankful for the extra material in the pants to hide his own situation. Finally, the stream ended, and Havoc carefully replaced his superior’s member back in his damp pants. The colonel apologized through soft sobs and Havoc held him close, but eventually the train arrived at the destination and Roy was forced to regain composure. He panicked as he glanced down at the clearly wet trousers and looked at Havoc for help, who quickly ushered them both into the small bathroom. 

Havoc began quickly removing his pants and he ordered Mustang to do the same. The colonel looked as if he was about to protest but thought better of it as Jean quickly switched their pants. The young rifleman was flushed as he looked down at the wet trousers and shrugged as if to indicate his indifference to the embarrassment. Roy blushed deeply and began to apologize with tears in his eyes, but Havoc would have none of it, insisting that it was fine, and he did not mind. It wasn’t until Roy looked down to see the tent in his lieutenant’s pants that he finally believed him.

