The Bucket Costs Three Silver

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2020-01-17 01:45

A little Patented warning: There is some bullying, and it serves as a central point of the story, so if that's a turn off, I understand. However, these is no violence or any physical abuse or anything of the like, as well as no abusive talk or fucked up shit. It's quite tame, but the warning is here in case it deflates your bratwurst.

###

Lacey Emon, Daughter of Lord Emon, had never seen the inside of a prison.

The only thing she knew about them were from the tales her family’s help told her. Based on those she imagined they were squalid, decayed, some place fitting for a pit where the criminals of Willoworth ended up.

What she saw as she was guided through the stone corridors towards her cell was much worse - a horrid, grimy pit of a place, with the constant smell of mold and a lingering damp that made the tip of her nose wet.

“What’s this one in for” Asked one of the guards in passing, a thick man wrapped up in layers of cloth and metal armour, scratching the stubble of his fat chin.

“Another rogue mage - tore a rift open over the marketplace.” The guard leading her replied.

“I’m not a rogue mage.” Lacey again tried to inform her, but for the second time today she was ignored. “Please, this is all a misunderst-”

“Aye, aye. Let’s get going, criminal.” The guard nudged her shoulder, spurring on down the damp corridors.

They passed halls of prisons cells, small chambers of stone barred off by strong steel bars. The torches on the walls burned, creating a hazy mist and a strong smell of burning wood. Through the ooze-filled cracks in the stone, laughter and joy could be heard in the city streets.

For Lacey, it was like she had entered a different world, the walls only giving her a taste of the freedom that existed beyond them.

“Here we are.” The guard said with a low growl, swinging open a barred steel door, the sound echoing throughout the prison.

She put both her hands around Lacey’s shoulders and span her around. She unlocked the shackles around her wrists. They fell from her skinny arms and hit the stone with a metallic clank that echoed through the windward halls.

Now that she had been freed from those horrid iron shackles, Lacey turned to guard again and attempted to protest her innocence. “Please, listen to me this time before you throw me in… there.” She waved a hand frantically toward the dark cell, where an unpleasant dripping emerged.

“I’m not a rogue mage…” She started, pressing her palms together as if she was in prayer.

Before she could speak any words in her defense, the guard showed her blatant lack of interest, scratching her arse with her baton. All this talk of defense seemed to be infuriating her, her face wading through the motions of impatience, her brow furrowed and a frustrated scowl fixed on her fat face.

Of course she wouldn’t be believed. No girl who looked as cute and soft-faced as Lacey could convince a guard she was anything but a mage. Her soft, blushing cheeks, sharp diamond eyes and thin, but well-endowed frame spoke out to any commoner that she was either of noble birth… or a mage.

And Nobility do not fall through rogue portals.

The guard had heard enough and she pushed Lacey into her cell before she could say another word. She slammed the door shut, sliding the steel door along the rail until it rattled the wall.

This was it - Lacey Emon, daughter of Lord Emon had been arrested.

But being locked behind a steel door wasn’t going to deter Lacey. She was determined to try and tell her story, regardless of who it was she told or how bizarre it sounded. She grabbed the cold steel bars of the door and shook them. “If you’d just listen to me, you’d understand that I’m…”

Finally, the guard had enough, growing frustrated and reaching for her baton. She grabbed it by the end she scratched her arse with and twirled around.

Before Lacey could even flinch, she struck the steel bars with her baton. CLAAAANG! The bars rattled, shaking everything, even the stone. It was enough to shake the whole prison, but most importantly, it was enough to shut Lacey up.

She fell silent the split second she heard that steel shattering clang ring out in her ears.

“I’ll hear no more of your protesting, criminal.” The guard hissed, baton clutched firmly in her hand, ready to strike the metal again at a moments notice.

There was anger brewing on her freckled face, and Lacey didn’t want to rile her up any more. She backed away slowly, staring into the guards wide, unblinking eyes.

Not another word was said, the only sound was the sheepish steps of Lacey’s boots tapping on the stone. She backed up slowly, tiptoeing until she bumped her head against something.

It was soft, with a small cleft that her head nearly sank into. It was like she’d hit her head against a pillow.

“Well, who have we here?” A girl with a strong northern voice asked with a menacing tone, whispering quietly into Lacey’s ear.

Lacey stood frozen in place, her heart pounding fiercely against her chest. Her knees were trembling. Had it suddenly gotten colder? She spun around slowly, coming face to face with the girl who whispered into her ear.

At first glance, it was the girls heaving chest that drew her gaze. Only now was it obvious that it was her breasts that she had bumped into.

She needed to look up to see the girls face. Her racing heart was beating faster, almost bursting from her chest. She noted the girls height, and how much taller she was - at least a head above her, with strong arms that she kept crossed, holding up her heaving breasts

On her face, she wore a long, menacing grin, showing her teeth like a beast ready to devour its prey. Her eyes were hidden behind her fringe, like a curtain of black it was, stopping just on the top of her sharp nose.

Her eyes were completely lost beneath her greasy black curtain of hair, which only added to the menacing aura that she presented herself with.

The girl leant in, flexing her tremendous height over Lacey. Her nostrils flared up, like a confused creature sniffing at another. “We haven’t been introduced and already you’re trying to cop a feel.” She chuckled, her smile growing, and bit at the air, getting a touch too close.

Lacey recoiled backwards once again, this time away from the girl.

“That’s your new cellmate, Billie. Do try to behave with her.” The guard told her.

“My new cellmate…” The girl’s grin widened again and she stepped forward, offering one hand to Lacey. “There’s no need to shaking, New Blood.” There was a piercing glare beneath that fringe; Lacey could feel it. “So, what’s your name?”

With anxiously shivering hands, Lacey reached out and accepted Billie’s handshake. “L-Lacey.”

“Billie.” The girl replied, smiling.

Her handshake was firm, but friendly. Her smile was warm, even with a head of greasy black hair. But that friendly air the girl shrouded herself in was short-lived. “Now listen here, New Blood.” Billie’s face drained, leaving a stern, breaking stare. She leant in and whispered into Lacey’s ear. “I’m in charge here, what I say goes, is that understood?”

Shaking, lacking the courage to muster anything beyond a whimper, Lacey nodded.

“Heh…” Billie released her and pushed her backwards before brushing off her jacket. “Good. Stay quiet and we won’t have a problem.”

After their less than desirable introduction was done, Lacey climbed up onto the top bunk and sat there quietly, wondering just how she’d gotten into this situation.

For the next few hours, Lacey sat in silence, watching the world pass by from the barred window of her cell. Sometimes she’d listen to her cellmate who would be dealing with other inmates and on one occasion a guard who came to the door. She didn’t know what they were up to, and she didn’t care. She followed Billie’s orders to a tee - Staying quiet.

Every now and then the guards would come by with water for both girls and Lacey gladly took it. She didn’t know if this was routine or Billie’s doing but again she didn’t care. She was happy to have something to fill her empty gut and she gulped it down gleefully every time it came.

Finally, the day had passed. The clock in Willoworth Town Square rang for nine o’clock. Amidst the echoing chimes of the bells, something banged against the bars of the cell.

“Alright, come on girls.” It was a guard, a tall, skinny woman with ginger hair wrapped up in a bun, tapping her baton against the steel bars.

Billie, who was relaxing on her bed, counting out her earnings from the day, looked up at the guard and huffed with fair relief. “Finally… it’s about time.” She cursed, stifling some discomfort with a tight squeeze of her thighs. “I’ve been bursting for the last hour.”

“Well the quicker you get your trousers on, Billie, the sooner we can get going.” The guard ran her baton along the bars again. “You, in the top bunk, get moving.”

Lacey peeked over the edge of her bed, unsure what was happening. “Where are we going?” She asked, her voice reduced to a nervous squeak as both the guard and Billie looked up at her.

From behind the curtain of her long black hair, Billie glared. She pulled up her trousers, squeezing her plump thighs and round butt into them and buckling up her belt. The whole time she didn’t stop looking at Lacey. “You really are a new blood…” She said quietly, sounding somewhat disappointed. “You didn’t hear? We’re being released.” She told Lacey, perking up with a dumb smile.

“R-Really?” Lacey shot up, the excitement causing her skin to prickle.

“Pfft!” Billie tried, and failed to stifle her snickering. She chuffed, and finally she couldn’t hold her laughter back, throwing an arm over her face and bursting out laughing. “No, you dolt! She’s taking us to the privy.” Her laughter grew and after a few seconds, Billie froze, her gut-splitting snickers ceasing in an instant.

In what seemed like a desperate moment, Billie hobbled on her feet, shaking like her legs could no longer support her. She pressed her thighs together, the fabric of her trousers tightening around her crotch and defining the outlines of her womanhood.

“Alright, come on…” She hissed, a crack in her vice. “I’m dying for a slash. Let’s go before I piss myself.”

After the horrendous day she’d had, Lacey too welcomed a walk to the privy. Their cell had nowhere to spend a penny, save for a rusty old bucket that Lacey recoiled at when she was first feeling a niggle from her bladder and it seemed this would be her only time to use proper facilities for the day.

At least being allowed to use the privy would give her some privacy, as well as some time away from her cell, from the lumpy mattress she’d been sitting on… and from Billie.

All she had to pass the time was a glass of water to quietly nurse. When her glass was empty, it was about time for it to be refilled. When it was dinner time, she hardly had the stomach to eat the gruel they prepared for two reasons; one of them being that she didn’t wish to make a sloppy deposit in that filthy bucket in the corner of her cell.

Billie happily scarfed down her meal, and Lacey’s, and the only thanks she got was Billie lifting her leg and ripping a fart so loud it rattled the wooden frame of their bunk bed. She wafted the air, giggling to herself like a juvenile and jesting that she was lucky it was a dry fart.

It had been a whole day since Lacey had relieved herself; the shock of being locked up was enough to keep her mind off her bladder, but after all of that water, she was eager to sit down and take a pee.

She scrambled down from the top bunk, brushed the dust from her dress and followed Billie out of the cell, listening to the steel door of their cell slamming shut behind them.

The privy was located at the other end of the prison, and the long walk to it proved to be gruelling. The girls were escorted by two guards who couldn’t care less about Billie hobeling about desperately. They were happy to drag out the walk, and it felt like an eternity.

Lacey tread slowly while Billie hobbled along beside her, constantly moaning about how she was about to water her skivvies. Finally, it got to be too much for her and she shoved a hand between her legs, grinning as she fondled her lower lips in an effort to stop her waters from flowing.

Lacey however composed herself well in the eyes of company. It was a well-learned trait from her years and years of dealing with the pompous elite that her father associated with. There had been times she felt like she was about to burst, but she’d be made to stand there, legs crossed and her lips quivering until her father was done talking.

This situation of secrecy reminded her of a time when she was younger, accompanying her Father to a formal meeting at a friends manor. The only thing Lacey could do while her Father droned on was drink glass after glass of juice until the two litre jug was empty.

When she’d emptied the jug at last, she immediately realized that drinking so much was not a good idea. She’d grown desperate, almost bursting, to pee. Two litres of fruit juice had settled comfortably in her bladder and she needed somewhere to let it out.

But it was a formal affair, and she knew she couldn’t openly announce that she needed to pee. Had she been familiar with the house, she may have wandered off to the lavatory herself, but she wasn’t, meaning she was forced to keep herself composed like a Lady should despite her growing urges.

Her father kept talking, droning on about something or other, while Lacey stood by his side smiling. But beneath her formal attire was a girl squirming, her legs practically wrapped around one another as her bladder pushed against her, demanding relief.

She’d lost count of how much time had passed before her Father waved goodbye to this friend and finally he allowed Lacey to be excused for the long carriage ride home.

For the gruelling thirty minutes that she’d counted, nobody had been aware that the daughter of Lord Emon was just one misplaced step away from soiling her silken frillies.

The carriage ride home took her through an unusually bumpy stretch of muddied roads, and with each bump knocking her bladder, she finally cracked. She couldn’t hold it any longer, each bump was just breaking her will down like a hammer against a wall.

She cried to her carriage driver to pull over and without saying a word why, leapt out, sprinting toward a nearby grove, her whole face soaked in sweat, her breathing ragged and heavy as she flung up the hem of her dress and squatted down in a patch of petunias.

However, just because she composed herself well, that did not mean Lacey was feeling any differently from Billie. Beneath her long skirt, she was holding back a fierce flood that left her legs trembling. All that water had hit her at once, like a violent wave striking the side of a boat.

Finally, they arrived. An old wooden door at the end of the dimly lit hallway awaited them. From where they were standing Lacey could smell the privy and it was far from a bed of roses. She stuck out a tongue in disgust and covered her nose, refusing to pollute her nostrils with another sniff of foul air.

That smell alone had her thinking if she really, REALLY needed to relieve herself. Never had she had to use such squalid facilities. A lady, even the bastard of Lord Emon, would not be caught dead submitting her bare arse to such a filthy box with her skirt hiked up and her silky delicates so near a disgusting floor.

The thought of using the privy, especially since she hadn’t taken a pee since morning, was a sweet one that had Lacey’s lips curling with glee. In her head, she was envisioning the blissful relief she’d soon be feeling. But on the surface, she kept her expression blank, concealed beneath her auburn hair. Nobody but her needed to know how desperately she needed this.

“Oh, finally~” Billie moaned, a crooked smile of pure bliss forming as she laid eyes on the door to the privy. She pushed the guards aside and rushed toward the door with her hands stuffed into the seat of her knickers. “Hey! Come on and get this door unlocked!” She yelled, pulling at the old lock with her free hand.

Both guards exchanged frustrated glances and one of them made their way forward. She reached into the pocket of her long blue coat and took out an old rusty key. She began to twirl it, teasing Billie with the sight of it, smirking as she stared, almost hypnotised by it.

Lacey waddled up behind them, shuffling uncomfortably as she too felt the growing pressure on her maidenly spout. She so desperately wanted to grab herself just like Billie had, but she couldn’t, she had too much pride for a childish potty dance.

“Come on! Come on! Come ooooon!” Billie continued to cry, her face seething with impatience and riving at the locked door with both hands now. Her cheeks were burning a bright red and she held a pained expression on her sharp face, grinding her teeth. “I’m seriously about to go in my skivvies here!”

The guard didn’t really care. Slowly, she leant in beside the lock and started fiddling with the ring that her keys were on. She continued to waste time and tease both girls by slowly picking out the right key and then slowly bringing it up to the lock.

The keys rattled, clinking against one another, the sounds teasing both Lacey and Billie.

They were forced to watch, both girls squirming in agonizing discomfort as the guard moved at her own leisurely pace. Lacey was still the better composed of the duo, and it was glaringly obvious that she didn’t have to pee nearly half as desperately as Billie, who at this point was unbuttoning her trousers to give the bulge of her bladder some breathing room.

“Come on! Speed up!” Billie started to yell, her lips quivering as her fingers danced between the fabric of her trousers. “Get this door open or I’m pissing on the floor!”

“Try it.” The guard mumbled under her breath.

“I fucking will.” Billie hissed back.

Ten seconds passed. Ten long, torturous seconds watching the guard raise her key to the lock, pretending to position it correctly, all while taking in a somewhat unethical pleasure in watching the two girls squirm.

She turned the key and the lock clicked. The door swung open and beyond it was a sight that both girls savoured with an audible sigh - The privy.

“Two minutes. Go.” The guard ordered, pointing to the box at the back of the room.

“About time! I’ve got to piss like a racehorse!” Billie cried and pushed Lacey aside, rushing into the privy with ungodly speed.

“W-Wait… we only get two minutes?” Lacey inquired, wondering if that was even enough time for them both to relieve themselves. What if they had to poop? Which thankfully wasn’t the case... At least for Lacey, but that didn’t stop her thinking about it.

Before the guard could answer, Billie waddled back out, grabbed Lacey’s dress and pulled her into the privy. “G-Get in here.” She hissed through her teeth.

The door slammed shut and the guard told them they now had only one minute and fifty seconds remaining.

The privy was in a small room, and only after she was pulled into it and with the handle of the door fixed firmly between her buttcheeks, nearly violating her rear hole, did Lacey realize it wasn’t big enough to accommodate both girls.

It was uncomfortable, and it was only made worse that she was packed in with a girl twice her size. A girl twice her size who was shuffling around, moaning and struggling to make space for herself so she could get her trousers down.

It took Billie a few seconds, and through her struggle to get her knickers down she didn’t stay quiet. She moaned in discomfort and cursed like a sailor who’d stubbed his toe, all while wrestling the tight fabric of her trousers. Finally, she managed to get pull them down, though only an inch, revealing a slither of her buttcrack.

She then managed, after banging herself against the wall, to pull them down around her knees.

“Oooooh…” She moaned in success, jiggling her legs.

This was when Lacey learned that Billie didn’t wear knickers, nor did she care about sharing a privy with company as she bent over, spreading her cheeks and giving Lacey an unflattering close up of her blinking brown eye.

Lacey saw Billie’s rear hole give her a solemn wink, and she covered her eyes, hoping that she was quick enough to protect her innocence. She’d never had the… pleasure of seeing another girls butthole, and this wasn’t going to be her first experience.

With her trousers wrapped around her knees, Billie spun herself around and hovered herself over the hole cut out on the top of the box. She wiggled her, aiming herself and plopped herself down over it, moaning in bliss as the fat of her buttcheeks sunk into the hole.

The second she plopped herself down on the box, the clear sounds of hissing resonated in the small chamber.

Lacey felt the blood rushing to her cheeks, and she gulped. That was the unmistakable sound of pissing, and she couldn’t believe she was sharing a privy with another girl while she relieved herself.

“Oooooooh~ Ahhhhhh~” Billie moaned, the twisted grimace of pain on her face relaxed until she gave a dumb, relieved grin. “That’s heaven~” She sighed, leaning back and resting herself against the wall, spreading her legs.

The feeling of relief was unmatched, unlike anything Billie had ever felt before. She felt her whole body grow numb, her legs growing wobbly like jelly. The relief could be felt right between her legs, from the spout where her water poured out like a bursting dam. A jolt of pure pleasure ran up her back, causing her to shudder.

“Uuuu~” She sat, legs spread, revealing her ladyhood and the golden rainfall that fell from the slit between her legs.

A few stray drops dribbled from a tuft of her pubic hair. Her stream intensified, a golden rain, long and thick, smattered the inside of the box and splashed her thighs with a strong sprinkling of pee while the rest fell into the murky waters below with quite the audible piddling.

It sounded like she’d been holding the entire ocean inside her for the whole day. Billie may have been a tall girl, but even she couldn’t contain much in her bladder. Her stream seemed to never end. In fact, it seemed to grow in intensity, multiple streams sputtering from the pale slit between her thighs.

Such delightful sounds. Lacey couldn’t help herself and soon she found herself gawking, watching Billie’s legs tremble gleefully as a shower of steaming piss fell into the darkness below. Pressed against the hole, her looks much pudgier than they really were.

She certainly hadn’t been lying - she did have to piss like a racehorse. Like seven racehorses even. The small room resonated with an ever-growing hissing as her piss kept coming, pouring from her maidenly spigot like somebody had left her tap running.

Suddenly, with a sharp-toothed grin, Billie clasped her legs shut, the fat of her thighs jiggling softly as she shielded her immodesties from Lacey’s leering eyes.

Even when Lacey couldn’t see, she could still hear, listening to the muffled splatters of piss washing wood. It was still quite loud, even when it was muffled by the heft of Billie’s well-endowed thighs.

“If you want to keep looking, it’s going to cost you.” Billie swept aside her fringe, showing her emerald eyes for the first time. She glared, her eyes burning as she gazed at Lacey.

“I-I’m not.” Muttered Lacey, feeling a burning embarrassment that made her cheeks pink. There was nowhere else to look, but finally she forced herself to look away and up at the ceiling.

At least a minute had passed before Billie finally finished. Lacey only knew a minute had passed because she’d been trying to keep count so she could know how much time she would have to pee, but she’d lost count after she started leering between Billie’s legs.

The watery sounds of piss spraying against splintered wood came to a grand conclusion after what felt like an eternity to Billie. Now there was only silence, occasionally a dribble or two, and Billie let out a sigh of relief and shuddered, noting that it had been a good, and desperately needed piss.

With a dopey grin, she clicked the heels of her boots together and played with a tissue in her hands for a second, much to Lacey’s dismay as each second she fiddled with that tissue was a second she could be using to pee.

Billie leant back and gave her dripping wet lips a thorough wipe. “All done.” She said, throwing the damp tissue between her legs to join the rest of her waste.

She got up from the privy and bent down to pull her trousers up. Again, she struggled to pull them up, wrestling with them and cursing quietly while her hands pulled at them.

While she pulled her trousers up, Lacey looked past her and toward the wooden box. She could see the steam rising where Billie had doused the wooden insides. The smell of fresh piss was quite strong.

A prison privy - this kind of foul deed would follow her for the rest of her life. She still flared up a bright red thinking about the petunias she peed on a few summers ago.

“I need to go too.” Lacey squeaked and began her grand quest to inch past the girl twice her size.

But before she could inch past Billie, a hand came toward her, barely missing her. The entire room shook. A fist struck the stone wall inches away from her face, hitting it with enough strength to leave a mark.

Lacey leapt back, and the shock of almost being socked by a mighty fist caused a tremble in her bladder that was nearly enough for her to leak.

“Where do you think you’re going?” Billie growled in a low, deep voice.

Lacey felt her heart pounding against her chest, pure fear was dominating her body. “I… I’m using the privy.” She squeaked through a fearfully formed lump in her throat.

That didn’t seem a convincing answer to Billie, who's dumb grin shifted into some far more malevolent, like a creature changing faces she drew a nefarious gaze. “I don’t believe I said you were allowed to use it.” Her smile had grown sinister, as if the devil himself were grinning. “Around here, if you want to piss, there’s a toll to pay.”

“W-What toll?” Lacey stammered, struggling to remember a single utterance of a toll. “Y-You didn’t m-mention a toll.” Her legs were trembling, and she grew cold.

“Didn’t I say earlier that I was in charge around here? If I say there’s a toll…” Billie paused, brushing aside her fringe and showing her glaring eyes. “There’s a toll. And it’s five silver.”

“F-Five silver? To use the privy?” Lacey blurted out, struggling to keep her voice down. She’d never heard such a ridiculous thing in her life.

But conversation wouldn’t suffice for Billie, who unfurled her free hand while the other continued to block off Lacey from getting to the privy. “Five silver.” She repeated.

Lacey felt an unpleasant wince from her bladder that rocked her whole body. Perhaps it was from the stress of this torrid situation. She doubled over, pressing her hand against her dress and whimpered softly.

This was teasing, more so than her bulging bladder could bear right now - the privy was inches from her and she found herself being barred from using it by a girl twice her size who demanded payment like some kind of Slumlord.

“I… I don’t have five silver.” Lacey admitted through the weakest of whimpers.

Suddenly, a horrendous shudder had her whole body shivering. Lacey bit her lip, her bladder trembling.

Sweet relief was an inch away, and it was driving her crazy. She was itching, more than anything, to get her butt seated over that hole and just release, letting it all flow out of her.

But it wasn’t meant to be, not while Billie was between her and the privy.

Billie’s grin faded and she tilted her head, staring longingly toward Lacey like she was disappointed. “No silver. No privy.” She said with a solemn shrug of her shoulders. There wasn’t even the tiniest crumb of care for her cellmate, who stood doubled, pressing her hands deeper against the crotch of her skirt.

“You can’t c-charge someone to pee!” Lacey continued to protest, knowing she was just wasting her time.

“Oh, I can.” Billie said menacingly, leaning in, her warm breath heaving on Lacey’s neck. Her grin grew and she again uncovered her eyes. “Or else… this happens.”

“What happens?” Lacey feared to ask, but she inquired anyway, her voice trembling as she feared the unexpected.

There was silence, and a few seconds passed. Suddenly, there was a knock against the door, a loud banging that ruptured the steel. “Okay girls! Your two minutes are up! Let’s go!”

It was only the guard, who continued to pommel the door and demand that the girls button up their kegs and leave the privy.

To hear it was only the guard was relief to Lacey, who took a deep breath to steady her racing heart. The way Billie had spoken, she feared it was something far more sinister.

The guard struck the door again. “Come on! Knickers up girls!”

“Time’s up.” Billie giggled.

She was right, and Lacey hated that she was right - Time was up.

Lacey could only gulp, her face drawing a pale colour as the guard continued to bang on the door. This wasn’t fair, not in the slightest - she hadn’t even gotten to pee yet. She was still dying to go, her bladder unrelieved, but she knew the guards wouldn’t care.

The guard kept banging, and banging, and banging. She had no choice but to come out, leaving behind the privy. The thought of having to leave the privy unrelieved did nothing but conjure up an undesirable feeling of fullness that caused the watery contents of her bladder to push down on her poor spout.

Billie swept aside her fringe, and with a teasing smile gestured to the door with her eyes. “Better not keep her waiting. You don’t want yard duty.”

Both girls, though it was only Billie who’d taken a piss, were done. Lacey left first, waddling out, struggling to keep her composure from cracking beneath heavy desperation. She tried to stand up straight, hiding her urge for a pee from the guards.

Beneath her dress, her thighs were shaking, beads of sweat trickling down her bare legs. Her whole body had seized up, the pressure on her muscles was too much and she struggled to hold it. She could feel the sheer volume of her bladder pushing down against her maidenly spout, the only thing stopping a leak was willpower.

She had no choice but to endure it. For now, she clenched any muscles she could, making sure her whole body was seized up. She felt the unpleasant twitches of her anus as she clenched.

The guards were waiting, and the ginger haired warden looked her in the eyes, glaring with some uncertainty. “Done?” She asked.

She wasn’t, but she couldn’t say anything. She knew they wouldn’t care. What was it to them that one of the prisoners didn’t drop her knickers and piss within their arbitrary time limit? “D-Done.” Lacey answered with a strained voice, gritting her teeth as she spoke.

“And Billie?” The other guard, tapping her fingers against her baton.

Before Lacey could answer, the privy door swung open and Billie emerged, buttoning up her trousers and meeting the guards with a shining smile, her eyes once again hidden beneath her fringe. “Right here.” She replied cheerily, stretching out her arms. “Well that was certainly refreshing, nothing better than a good piss before bed.”

“You’re all done then, Billie?” The guard asked again.

“Yep. Tank’s empty and I’m ready for bed.” She patted her pudgy tummy and sighed.

“You too?” The guard raised her baton in Lacey’s direction.

Again, before Lacey could reply, she was interrupted as Billie wrapped her arm around her shoulder and pulled Lacey close, bringing her face delightfully close to her heaving chest. “She’d done too.” She pet Lacey’s stomach, causing her bladder to twinge and Lacey to whimper quietly.

The guards didn’t seem to notice the discomfort she was in and they walked the girls back to their cell. Again, they were led with one guard in front and the other behind.

As they walked past the courtyard, Billie walked up beside Lacey and whispered in her ear. “No need to worry. They’ll be back to take us to the privy… in the morning.” She cackled mockingly and patted Lacey on the back, again stirring her bladder, stirring violent discomfort between her legs.

“In the morning…” Lacey whimpered, the very thought of enduring a whole night was enough to make her spigot quiver feverishly.

A whole night lying in bed, restrained to her cell, denied the relief her bladder so sorely needed.

They returned to their cell, the guards slammed the door shut and left the girls to their beds.

Billie threw off her trousers, kicked them across the room, once again showing off her long soft legs and jumped onto her bed. She lifted her legs up, again giving Lacey an unflattering view of wincing hole, and turned on her side.

“Have a fun sleep, and make sure you don’t piss the bed.” She cackled.

Lacey ignored her, though she couldn’t promise that she wouldn’t wet the bed, not right now. But she didn’t want to think about it. She climbed up the ladder to her bed and lay down on the lumpy mattress.

Without anybody to see, Lacey finally lifted her dress and lay there with her hands sandwiched between her thighs, holding herself.

At night the city was quiet. Unnervingly so. Nothing could be heard but the cawing of the crows in a nearby belltower. The streets were still, the only motion came from the flickers of the flames in the lanterns, and the buildings were dark, their curtains pulled over and the lights out for the night.

There was nothing for a girl to do but be deep within her own thoughts.

Unfortunately for Lacey, who lay there with her hands still sandwiched between her thighs, her fingers and palms hot and clammy with sweat, she struggled to find anything pleasant in her thoughts. Her mind was firmly fixed on one thing and anything she thought of brought her back to one thing - the dam that was about to burst in her knickers.

Thoughts of the pleasant countryside beside her family home became nothing more than thoughts of the long, stretching grass, the precious privacy they offered, perfect for a desperate girl to hike up her dress and squat down in.

She recoiled at the thoughts in her head, wrapped up thinking about herself squatting down in a tall patch of grass, the wind blowing against her nethers as she took a long, relieving pee outdoors.

Thoughts of her days to the market with the maids quickly delved down into visions of herself crouched behind one of the old buildings, marking the old stone wall with a nice, hot stream of piss in the cold winter air.

It was all too much; for both Lacey and her bladder to bear. Eventually, she stopped thinking.

She lay awake, staring up at the stone ceiling of her cell. Beneath her in the bottom bunk, Billie was fast asleep. Even if she wasn’t plagued by the bursting keg that was her bladder, Lacey felt she would’ve found it difficult with that “creature” sleeping in the bottom bunk.

She snored like a beast possessed, growling and sometimes snarling in her sleep and that still was not the worst of it; Every now and then she’d grunt and rip a fart so violent it would rattle their bed and once she was done she’d sigh happily and start snoring once more.

And then, Lacey started thinking once again. Billie - she was in this situation because of Billie.

What she wouldn’t give to have shown some bravery earlier, some balls, to have pushed that brutish bully aside, telling her to stuff that toll where the sun don’t shine, and sat down on the privy to a long-awaited pee without listening to a single word of that toll nonsense.

But she wasn’t that kind of girl. She was nothing like her siblings; she couldn’t handle confrontation, she never showed the courage or resolve they did. If it had been either of them, they would have thrown Billie out of that privy with her trousers still wrapped around her ankles.

Once again, perhaps for the fifth time tonight, Lacey felt the weight in her bladder pushing down on her maidenhood. She bit down on her lower lip, cringing at the overwhelming discomfort. It was closer to pain than anything she’d felt tonight.

She had to do something, she could feel her spigot twitching, growing closer to a relieving leak.

In silence, she lifted the hem of her dress and lowered her hand, pulling aside the silk of her knickers and slipping the tips of her fingers between her lower lips, feeling the clammy heat against them. With a soft whimper as she entered herself, she pressed her fingers against the soft pink of her maidenly spigot and pushed them against herself.

It offered her some relief, but it wasn’t enough. She squeezed her thighs together, trapping her hands between them. Her legs were hot, the feeling of sweaty fat wet against her wrists.

There was no way Lacey could do this all night - writhing in her bed with her fingers pressed between her lower lips, fingering her maidenly spigot. It burned, she could feel the weight of the water in her bladder pushing down on maidenhood again. She grimaced, letting out a soft moan as a strong wave swept over her whole body, causing her to press the palm of her hand against herself.

“Uuuu…” She whimpered, shuddered like she was cold, and turned on her back.

It was getting worse. She was fighting a war against herself, and the pushes were getting worse. The waves of desperate that sent her into feverish fits were close to breaking her. Her bladder was begging for relief, and she was only one bad shiver away from leaking.
