Post-Exam Embarassing Desperation (The Owl House - Lumity College AU)

Author: Golden Guard

*000*2023-08-05 09:17

This is a college AU featuring Luz Noceda and Amity Blight from The Owl House. All characters are aged up to 18+ here.

WARNING: There is a scene where sex is heavily implied

Amity's POV:

As I started to check my work for the 3rd time, I noticed a small sensation below my abdomen. I had to pee. I didn't have to go that badly though, and the exam's almost over anyways. Just 20 minutes left, that's plenty of time to check my work a few more times before handing in my paper.

After spotting a few minor mistakes that would've costed me a few marks off from perfect, I'm finally satisfied with my paper after checking it over 5 times. I raise my hand to indicate that I'm ready to hand in my exam with 5 minutes left to spare. As the TA walks over, I glance over at Luz, sitting 3 rows below me to my right. She has her legs crossed and is squirming a little as she's writing the fastest I've ever seen her write before. The TA picks up my paper and tells me that I can leave now.

I walk out the classroom and debate immediately going to the washroom. The exam will be over soon anyways, and I want to ask Luz to hang out at my dorm afterwards. My urge to pee increased a little, but it's still not that bad yet. I don't want to go and have her leave before I'm able to catch her. I decide to stay and wait a few minutes.

A few minutes pass and students start to file out, grumbling about how difficult the exam was. I hope it didn't go too badly for Luz. Hopefully, my tutoring sessions with her this past week helped her. I see Willow and Gus walk out.

"Amity!" Willow exclaimed. "How was it?"

"It was a bit harder than I expected it to be, but I think I got everything." I replied.

"It was a do-able exam, but it was a bit long." Gus chipped in.

"It's a good thing I studied, cause that was a brutal exam." Willow replied.

"AMITY!" Luz exclaimed as she walked out. I immediately got pulled into a standard Luz bear hug. Under normal circumstances, I lov- I mean like Luz's hugs. But being squeezed reminded me that I had to pee.

"That exam was so hard, but I remembered the lessons you taught me and I think I managed to pass, thanks to you!" Luz exclaimed as she final let go of me.

"What was the answer to the last question? The one with the Blackroot Quills and Iron Ash?" Willow queried.

As Gus started to explain how the answer was dependent on the phase of the moon, I noticed that Luz was standing cross legged in our group circle. Right, she didn't get a chance to pee yet...

"...And so, you gotta double down to a four-to-one ratio." Gus finished.

"I didn't understand most of that, but ok..." Willow replied.

We talked about the exam a little more and I noticed that Luz was squirming a bit. I mean, how could I not notice with how close she was standing next to me.

"Well, I'm exhausted after that exam, so I think I'll just head home now. Bye everyone!" Willow said.

Gus followed along with her leaving me alone with Luz. Perfect, now I can ask her to hang at my dorm now.

"So Luz, since it's the weekend now, do you wanna hang out at my place for a while, maybe watch a movie or something?" I asked.

"Sure!" Luz replied.

We started to walk in the direction of my dorm, when suddenly, Luz doubled over.

"Actually, could we find a bathroom before we leave this building, I need to pee. Badly." Luz stated.

Oh Titan, this was something I've fantasized about a lot. Hearing about my crush telling me about how badly she needs to pee. In my fantasies, I always manage to find some way to make her hold it longer, until she no longer can't... But I know it's wrong to do that to her in real life. At least not without her consent...

"Sure, I kinda need to pee myself too. I don't think there's any on this floor though so let's check the floor below." I replied.

Luz nodded and followed me to the elevator. I was surprised at how openly she was holding herself as we walked into it. A hand was grabbing her crotch as she did a potty dance. Shifting her weight back and forth and squeezing her legs together. She wasn't kidding when she said she needed to go badly. As the elevator went down a level, she doubled over again and I saw her squeeze her crotch a bit harder.

"Ughhh." Luz groaned in a worried tone of pained urgency. "I'm sorry Amity, this is so embarrassing."

I blushed at the sight and the statement and replied, "No worries Luz, it was a long exam. We're almost there, so just hold it a little longer!"

The thought of that interaction lingered in my head for a while as Luz got out of the elevator before I did. The doors almost closed on me as I got out.

"Oooooh, gotta go gotta go GOTTA GO!!" Luz chanted as she hobbled towards the bathroom.

She pushed on the door, but was dismayed when it didn't open.

"Nononono. Please don't tell me-"

"They must've locked it for the night already" I noted.

She crossed her left leg over her right, doubled over, and squeezed her crotch with both hands.

"Ugh huh huhggg. What am I going to do? I have to go soooo badly!" Luz whined as she squirmed around.

"My place is only 10 minutes away, do you think you can make it there?" I suggested.

"I- I'm not sure" Luz responded. "I'll try I guess."

I grabbed one of her hands to comfort her. "I believe in you, you can make it Luz" I said encouragingly.

Luz's eyes lit up a little at my words. "Ok, I'll try my best to hold it in until we get to your place." Luz replied.

We continued to hold hands as we walked towards my dorm. Something I didn't intend to do, but I was very happy that we were doing it. We were walking pretty slowly so it would probably take us closer to 15 minutes. And there were frequent stops so that she could hold herself. I felt my crotch tingle at the thought of the situation, or maybe it was the fact that I also still needed to pee, or maybe both. But now was not the time to have these thoughts. My friend is in pain and I need to help her get through this difficult situation. I subconsciously grabbed my crotch with my hand and started rubbing a little...

"Oh wow, you need to go quite badly too, huh?" Luz asked.

I quickly realized what she meant and removed my hand from my crotch. Blushing a little, no, a lot, I replied "NO! I mean yes, I mean yeah a little, but it's not that bad..."

"It's ok Amity, I'm just glad I'm not the only one with a full bladder at the moment." Luz replied with a smile. It almost felt like she was a bit too happy when she made that statement...

We continued to walk towards my dorm, when Luz suddenly stopped walking and doubled over again.

"Uhhh, oooooh" I heard her moan. "I think I leaked a little..." Luz said.

My heart gave a flutter as I saw her slowly remove her hands to inspect the damage. I wasn't able to see anything since it was dark out.

"It's not noticeable, we're almost at my place, just a few more minutes!" I said encouragingly.

Luz hobbled a bit forward and then said "Yep, I definitely leaked. My panties feel damp."

Now my panties felt a bit damp after that statement. Except I knew mine wasn't from pee.

We finally made it to the lobby of my dorm. I clicked the button to call the elevator as I lived on the 3rd floor. As we waited for the elevator, Luz leaned against the wall, then doubled over and moaned, "hggmmmmmm, I have to pee so so badly!" She was tightly gripping her crotch. The elevator finally arrived and we got on.

She did another potty dance in the elevator. She kept shifting her feet back and forth. Then she'd lean doubled over against the elevator wall. She'd squeeze her legs together and that entire time she'd have her hands grabbing her crotch. She repeated this dance a few times.

I looked down at her crotch and I noticed a small dark patch on her pants. I could've sworn I saw it get bigger and then the elevator door opened.

We continued holding hands as we walked along the hallway to my dorm. I had to slow down a lot to allow her to hobble her way there. I let go of her hand to grab my keys and she immediately used it to help her other hand in grabbing her crotch. It only took a few seconds for me to grab my keys and open the door. But the entire time, she must've chanted "Gotta pee, gotta pee!" like a dozen times.

Finally, I opened my dorm room and pointed in the direction of the washroom. She rushed in there and pulled down her pants and panties without bothering to close the door. I could see that her pink panties were indeed soaked and that she was leaking pee down her legs before she sat down on my toilet seat.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh" she moaned, in great relief. The sound of her torrent of pee hitting the water in my toilet bowl was also very loud. I grabbed my crotch as I felt my own bladder spasm in response. I must've been staring a bit too long with my face being super red because it wasn't until she said "Are you enjoying the show?" that I realized I had been staring the entire time.

I turned my face away in embarrassment, I felt it heat up a lot, but managed to squeak out a quiet "yes".

Suddenly, she stopped her stream, stood up, and walked towards me without pulling up her pants, pee still dripping from her exposed crotch. "I seem to remember you needing to pee too" she stated, while looking at my legs. I looked down, I had my legs tightly crossed the entire time.

"I still have a lot of pee left in this balloon, and I find it hot that you do too. How about we take this over to your bed?" She says seductively with a big smirk on her face. I had a big stupid smile on my face and nodded. "I would love to" I said.

FIN

A/N: This story was inspired by a real life event that I experienced. After writing an exam with my crush in the same class, we stood outside the exam room with a group of friends for a while to discuss how hard the exam was. After the rest of our friend group left, I suggested watching a TV show at my place and my crush agreed (I think it was just an episode of ATLA, but I don't remember). But she had to use the washroom first. She did a full on potty dance in front of me showing me how desperately she needed to pee. I think she would've peed her pants if we didn't find a washroom in the next 10 or so minutes. Luckily, there were open and available bathrooms in the building despite being so late at night. So we both went to empty our post exam bladders before heading to my place. That's where my fic here diverges from real life and I started writing about a fantasy of mine, about what I wished happened that night.

*003*2023-08-08 00:19

{{2 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

I'll just finish the story I have to say it is. A well right, I will written a story.

}}

@@r/IHadAStroke

*005*2023-08-08 05:01

{{3 hours ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

Did you actually have a stroke or is this just a joke

}}

It's a joke. I had a hard time understanding your comment. And on Reddit, whenever you have a hard time understanding someone's comment, you link them to that subreddit.

Tbh, I still don't understand what you were trying to say in that comment, so could you please reword it?

*007*2023-08-08 16:24

{{1 hour ago, Roronoa Zoro said:

That was supposed to say it was a well written story and I really liked it . Sometimes I don't re-read my comments so I don't realize I put the wrong word.

}}

That makes a lot more sense lol. Thank you so much!

