Royal Pain: Princess Kelly`s Desperate Journal

Author: Guest

*000*2022-04-13 03:56

Royal Pain: The Desperate Journal of Princess Kelly

Entry One: Waiting for an Audience

Dear Journal,

Another of mother’s audiences. I cannot tell you how tedious these are becoming. For two years, my mother has ruled our Kingdom (I know, there is no king, but mother insists) since usurping and banishing her sister, the Dishonorable Queen Zoradia. Now, Auntie Zoradia is returning to the Kingdom to retake the throne. Which would probably concern me far more if I didn’t desperately need the toilet right now. I know, every entry seems to involve my needing to relieve myself, very un-princess-like behavior, mother would say. But mother’s not the one wearing these god-awful corsets that squash her bladder. I realize it’s tradition for the heiress to wear them, but it’s not very practical for performing biological necessities.

Mother is very concerned about Auntie Zoradia returning to power. After all, as the Male Empowerment Movement is just starting to pick up steam, the return of the former Queen would certainly derail all progress. We just recently allowed men to open their own shops. Zoradia would have those men fed to the trolls for such an endeavor! But mother believes in equality for all. In fact, she’s even backing a male candidate for Village Representative. At this point, he would merely be a deeper voice at a table with four women and the Queen, but some progress is better than none, according to mother.

I try to stay out of the political ring. I know, one day, I am expected to take over mother’s rule, but that’s not the life I want. I would give anything to be a commoner. To wear the less obstructive simple dresses and vests. To be able to visit shops by myself, rather than having to be accompanied by a gaggle of girls that I must pretend are my friends. To be able to use the toilet anytime and anywhere… Curse that extra cup of tea at breakfast!

I must admit, Journal. My situation is growing more dire. My legs are crossed, of course, which is mandatory for a royal in public. But I would give anything to be able to grab my womanhood and give a quick squeeze, to relieve this awful pressure. If I were a commongirl, I could simply nip off to the town square toilet, as I’ve seen many other girls do since mother began speaking. But the Princess, doing her business in the view of others? It would cause a stir! Mother’s cause would lose all ground and she could be discredited, even made a puppet to a new leader. I couldn’t do such a thing to her, so I will hold it in. As much pain as I am in, I do this for the crown. Long live Queen Yasmine!

###

This is the story of Princess Kelly, daughter of the Honorable Queen Yasmine. It is a story of fighting for what's right. It is a story of daring to change the world.

It is also the story of a young woman who is desperate to pee.

A lot.

As Kelly closed her journal, she heard cheering and immediately began politely clapping. Then she heard the trumpeters begin to play and quickly stood up, wincing as the liquid she was holding back sloshed around inside her. Her mother stood and waved, then began to regally stride out of the court. That was Princess Kelly’s cue to make her way out the rear door and wait at the carriage for her mother. She held her skirt, showing off her bare ankles. As she stepped outside, the sun shone down on her, causing her to blink rapidly as her eyes adjusted. Her tanned skin gleamed under the hot rays from above. It was very warm. A young woman was standing by the carriage, wearing traditional work boots, long black slacks and a white corset. She dutifully handed Princess Kelly a chalice, filled with water.

“To combat the heat, my royal Princess,” said the young blonde as she bowed her head in the presence of the Princess. Kelly politely accepted the cup.

“Thank you, Georgia.”

Kelly didn’t really want the drink, but it was expected that she drink it anyway. Another part of being a royal. You accepted anything given to you, as you are entitled to it. She took a sip from the chalice, appreciating the cool liquid on her tongue. What she would not appreciate was when the liquid made it’s way through her body and joined the rest of the fluid she was presently containing. She was already struggling not to make a scene in front of Georgia. But she was very desperate to relieve herself. The town square toilet was out, as it was too public. She noticed a bucket on the ground nearby, however. She wondered…

“Georgia?”

“Yes, my royal Princess?”

Kelly rolled her eyes. Nothing annoyed her more than the use of formalities, especially when she was so deeply stressed. “I need to piss like nobody’s business!”

Georgia blushed, taken aback by the Princess's use of crass language. “Understood. What would you like me to do about that, my royal Princess?”

“I’m going to squat over that bucket. I need you to stand watch for me. If you hear my mother approaching, you will pelt me with an almond to get my attention. Is that understood?” The Princess made this a demand, wanting to make sure Georgia obeyed and helped her. The horsewoman nodded.

“Of course, my royal Princess, your commands are mine to follow.”

@@Georgia walked over to the corner of the building, peeking around to make sure the coast was clear. She turned and nodded at the Princess. Kelly positioned the bucket between her legs and hiked up her skirt. Pulling her knickers to the side, she dropped into a half-squat, half-hover and began to release her load. A loud patter could be heard as she felt the pressure in her bladder starting to lessen. She gave a sigh of relief as she filled the bucket. Suddenly, she felt something plonk her on the head. “Ow!” She looked up and saw Georgia motioning for her to stop. Her mother was approaching. Kelly winced as she cut short her flow. Her slit ached as it was forced closed, Kelly closing her eyes due to the effort it was taking to contain the remainder of her bladder’s contents. She shook a few drops away, then smoothed her knickers and skirt out. As her mother rounded the corner, Kelly was waiting by the carriage, trying her best not to look like she was about to burst. Georgia gave her friend an apologetic look as she helped into the carriage. The Queen was being assisted by Georgia’s brother, Montgomery. Once the women were on board, Montgomery walked away, not allowed on the royal carriage by law. Georgia took the reins of the horse as they began their trek back to their home. As they rode, Queen Yasmine leaned over and whispered in her daughter’s ear.

“I’m simply bursting for the toilet!” she said.

@@Kelly rolled her eyes. Her mother had one of the strongest bladders she knew of. This was, of course, her way of both making Kelly feel better, while at the same time warning her that she knew she had been pissing in a bucket. But she appreciated her mother not reprimanding her. After all, this was less egregious and damaging than if she had been seen using the common toilet. The ride back was uncomfortable for Kelly, her bladder desperate to release the rest of it’s contents, while rapidly filling up further, thanks to the water Georgia had given her. The carriage hit several bumps, each one followed immediately by a “I am so sorry, your Highness. My royal Princess.” Eventually, they made it home, but even then, it wasn’t as if Princess Kelly could just run to her personal toilet. After all, there was a crowd outside their quarters. It would have been poor form to rush by them without acknowledgment. Her mother led the way to the top of the steps, then stopped and turned to address the gathered crowd, many of them men and boys. As she spoke again of keeping the Male Empowerment Movement going, Kelly tried to remain poised and still. A Princess did not sway or squirm. She had to continue to give off an air of being above everyone else, even though she didn’t view herself as such. As her mother spoke, Kelly felt her bladder pressing against her womanhood, as if trying to force the rest of the liquid out. She groaned, uncomfortable at having to continue holding it, knowing relief was so close. Realizing she was in for a wait, Kelly pulled out her journal and began to write.

Dear Journal,

I am about to pop!!! We just arrived home, but Mother is holding a second audience with the neighbors! I am in so much distress right now, Journal! I was able to let a little bit out earlier, but not enough to make a difference. In fact, having to forcibly stop urinating only made it worse! The liquid is now crashing against my bladder wall, making want to piss like a Russian racehorse, as the saying goes. This is sheer torture!

Mother just keeps going on with her speech, even though she told me she herself was bursting. I knew she was lying to me! I’m trying so hard not to squirm or fidget or do anything to draw attention to myself. I must maintain my royal image, for the sake of mother. If I were to soil myself, it would reflect poorly upon her. But I don’t know how much longer I can possibly hold on for…

###

Can the Princess hold her pee? How long can her mother really talk for? And what plans does Zoradia have for her invasion?

TO BE CONTINUED...

