Before "Naruto: Shippuden" - Shizune's Desperate Time

Author: Guest Super C18

*000*2020-03-18 19:30

While Lady Tsunade has been training Sakura Haruno at the Training Fields, Shizune has been busy helping Tsunade's paperwork......

Shizune: Ugh, Tsunade is so lazy to do paperwork but not lazy to train someone like Sakura *drinks her last Hot Tea*

Leaf Ninja: Shizune-sensei are the Documents & Ninja Scrolls finished be filed up?

Shizune: Almost but the Ninja Scrolls are already finished for inspection & research so you can take them right away while I'm still working on the Documents. I'll deliver the Documents to Kakashi & Anko after I'm done.

Leaf Ninja: Understood, I'll take these Ninja Scrolls & be on my way to the Sand Village *exists the Hokage Room in a flash*

Shizune: Hmm? Dang it I need to use the restroom but I'm almost finish just need a few more minutes...

15 Minutes Later....

Shizune *desperate*: Ugh...mmm... okay I'm... done.... I'll deliver these to Kakashi & Anko right awa--mmm maybe I can't! I know! I'll have Iruka send Kakashi's Documents & I'll deliver Anko's Documents. *exists in a flash to meet Iruka*

A Moment Not Too Soon....

Iruka-sensei: Understood Shizune I'll deliver these to Kakashi right away but are you sure you're alright?

Shizune *very desperate*: Oh.. Yes I am... just need the restroom is all *laughs nervously while holding her groin area*

Iruka-sensei: There's a restroom not too far from---

Shizune *very desperate*: No time! These documents come first since Tsunade couldn't take care of them besides Anko's is the most important one so later! *exists in a flash*

Iruka-sensei: Won't lie I feel sorry for Shizune, she works so hard than Lady Tsunade even though she is a Sannin

Shizune meets up with Anko near by the Forest Of Death....

Anko: Ha! Thanks Shizune! Sorry you have to do Lady Hokage's dirty work... um... you okay?

Shizune *so very desperate*: (Dammit... I'm... at.... my.... limit...) *starts to leak through her panties* *smiles a bit*

Anko: Hmm? Shizu...ne...Uh!? *see's Shizune wets herself leaving a huge yellow puddle & steam come outs especially hissing sounds* Wow you've been holding it in for a long time huh?

Shizune *still peeing*: *laughs nervously & blushes** Yeah I drank like 5 Hot Teas this morning which was a mistake to do but man this sensation feels so good

Anko: And I can't believe you haven't stopped yet, hahaha you look so wet & drenched by your own urine

Shizune *peeing slowly stops*: *sigh* Oof maybe I should've listened to Iruka then again it would've been pretty embarrassing to wet myself in front of a man.

Anko: I know that feeling even though I mostly go outdoors... speaking of which *squats & pee's near by a tree right in the open* oh yeah that feels nice

Shizune: *Embarrassed, Surprised, & Upset* DAMMIT ANKO YOU COULD'VE AT LEAST TELL ME FIRST BEFORE YOU DID THAT!

Anko *peeing*: Oh come on I do this all the time no need to have your panties in a bunch-- oh wait you just did, hahaha

Shizune: Not funny, I'm gonna wash up & change clothes *exists in a flash*

$$

$$

