Wizardry Desperation

Author: Golgi

*000*2017-12-26 08:15

I'm really sorry but my attention span when it comes to writing stories is quite small. That's why I have several stories but almost none of them have been updated. I will get around to updating them all, but for now I have a harry potter story for you, with characters not usually used. I really do hope you all enjoy!

Chapter 1:

Since his resurrection not too long ago Voldemort has been feeling weird. He could place a finger on it but something was definitely wrong. He wasn’t sure if was something he overlooked with the resurrection process but it was something he definitely wanted to figure out. But for now, he would focus on world domination.

He was sure he could easily defeat the boy who lived, after all his defeat was only a fluke. The only reason he lived was an oversight by himself and the second time he wouldn’t have a mother to save him. He was currently residing in a building in muggle london where no one would expect him. With some spells he was easily able to make himself undetectable.

The plan for his comeback was to be subtle and lay low while he slowly regained his following and influence in the ministry of magic. Luckily the minister of magic refused to listen to Dumbledore, giving him an easier time. What bothered him most about the situation was his inability to leave the house. If people saw Voldemort then his whole plan would be corrupted. This counted for his Azkaban escapees as well should they be found, it would not mean well. This left him to micromanage the supporters he had.

While telling lucious what to do was enjoyable, he was still bored. Although he should be plotting out the death of a certain scar stricken boy. He just didn’t feel like it. He tasked young Draco Malfoy to kill Dumbledore and get the death eaters inside of the castle. Voldemort was sure he would prove to be unable to do it but he was interested as to what would come of it. There was of course always a chance that he would come through.

The house in which Tom Riddle (Voldemort's real name) stayed in was irritable muggle like. They had muggle appliances like toasters and microwaves and they absolutely hated it. They could easily dispose of everything, but they had a muggle landlord and had to keep up appearances. Even though they imperioed him so they didn’t pay rent, they didn’t take any risks. The house was fashioned like a typical muggle household. The basement is where they spent most of their time. Only tom and a few other Azkaban escapees stayed there while everyone else was out putting his plans into action.

Their current plan was to imperio as much of the Ministry of Magic officials as they could. This would start with the head of the auror division. This would be hard to do, but once they accomplish it it means they could have their own men stationed in the auror corps and would be gaining intel. They had already infiltrated the Order of the Phoenix with Severus Snape. He would come around often to make potions and Tom was quite fond of him. Lately Bellatrix and Narcissa had been staying here most often as they were sisters and were some of his closest allies.

Voldemort turned the corner when he saw Bellatrix Lestrange who was taking short but quick strides. “Hello Bellatrix, I have a job for you.”

Bellatrix stood at 5 feet 10 inches with long black curly hair and a thin frame. Her face clear and her jaws were clearly visible. She wore a long black dress that clung to her frame. She turned to look at Voldemort “What mission do you have for me, my lord?” Bellatrix said while shifting her weight from leg to leg.

A smile encompassed Voldemort’s face, “I need you to change your appearance so no one recognizes you of course. Once you do that you must travel to the cottage my mother lived in. The one near Little Hangleton. There should b-” Voldemort was cut off by a soft moan from Bellatrix as she crossed her legs together from inside her dress. “What is the matter?”

With a worried look on her face, Bellatrix responded, “Oh, it's nothing sir please continue.” Whilst adjusting herself. She deeply hoped Tom wouldn’t think much of it. She just wanted to be done fairly soon so she could finish what she was doing before.

“Anyways.” Voldemort continued, “At the cottage there should be a ring. This ring will try and do something to protect itself from you, but I trust you will be able to handle everything they throw at you.” Voldemort finished. Glancing at Bellatrix he sees her foot quickly and she had a disgruntled expression written across her face. He didn’t need to use leginemency to find out she need to go to the bathroom. In fact she was probably going to the only one in the house when he called upon her. Voldemort didn’t know what it was but he felt a thrill inside of him.

Becoming impatient, Bellatrix asked, “Is that all my lord?” Wanting to get away as soon as possible.

Voldemort figured he could take advantage of the situation. Fully aware that Bellatrix had to pee, he asked her anyways. “What’s the matter my dear?”

Bellatrix didn’t want to but she answered anyways. “I have to go to the bathroom.” Bellatrix admitted.

Not exactly sure what to do from here and knowing he had ultimate power over her and everyone else he simply admitted it. “Frankly, your need to piss has got me...excited Bellatrix.”

This had caught her off guard, she thought once she admitted it she could be let loose and use the bathroom, but she felt a little weird knowing she was turning The Dark Lord on right now. What she hadn’t been expecting was for the dark lord to grab onto her dress and slowly pull it up. Bellatrix had once said she’d do anything for him but she definitely didn’t have this in mind.

“How long have you been holding it.” The question came out of nowhere but Bellatrix had to stop for a while and think.

“Around 5 or 6 hours since I last used the toilet, although I did drink a lot of water.” Bellatrix responded.

Voldemort lifted her dress up high enough to see her black underwear that was tight around her waist. Pulling her underwear down and out of the way, Voldemort could visibly see the protrusion of the swollen abdomen Bellatrix carried. At the sight of this Voldemort was both impressed as well as turned on. Gently, he placed a hand on it and heard as Bellatrix let out a soft moan. He could feel that is was as hard as a rock. He then slips his hand in between her thighs and pushes them apart.

“I’m going to piss myself my lord.” Bellatrix said in a concerned voice with a strained look on her face. Her thighs trembled as she fought to hold in the copious amounts of piss inside of her but muscels eventually tired. Not too long afterwards, the splatter of piss against the tile floor could be heard. A long with this came a long sigh from bellatrix. Soon after the flow stopped and she was worried. “I’m sorry my lord, I couldn’t hold it I swear.”

With a slick smile on his lips he replied, “That was quite enjoyable.” And with a quick motion with his hands the liquid that lay across the floor vanished.

*003*2018-01-04 08:07

So I changed my name because I didn't want my friends to find this account. Anyways I decided to update this story. Hope you like it!

Chapter 2

Harry Potter at this moment was aflame. His mind was conflicted between the emotions of sadness and happiness. On one hand, he was leaving the Dursleys’ for another 10 months but all the while his godfather was dead. Clouds plagued the sky, and the day was as gloomy as ever. Walking to the train Harry tried his hardest to push the thoughts of Voldemort and the oncoming conflict that would take place in the near future. His thoughts were interrupted by the soft voice of Hermione.

“We’re going to got to our prefect meeting, we’ll join you shortly alright?” She said.

“No, it’s fine I’ll be ok.” Harry said hoping they wouldn’t realize how lonely he’d be.

Just then Ginny pulled up next to him with her long orange-redish hair blowing everywhere. “I would much rather be with you, but sadly it's required.”

Harry nearly forgot, now that Ginny was a 5th year, she of course was bestowed the duty of prefect. That meant Harry would be truly alone. As Harry boarded the train he figured he’d just find a compartment for himself, stock up on wizarding candy, and enjoy himself for a few hours. Going through the center aisle Harry finally comes upon a compartment with no one except Luna Lovegood in it.

Harry hasn’t had much experience with her, but Ginny spoke quite highly of her and she seemed like a person he would come to like. “All the other compartments are full, do you mind if I sit here?”

Luna looked up from the newspaper she was reading to respond, “Oh of course not.” She said in her smooth dreamy voice.

Harry took a seat opposite from her and stuffed his trunk underneath the seat. Luna was a year younger than him and in Ravenclaw house meaning the two didn’t get much interaction. She stood at around 5 foot 6. Her hair flowed in a wavy fashion and was a very light blonde color. She wasn’t very skinny or very fat, she was just normal for a girl her age. She was currently dressed in her hogwarts uniform. A knee length skirt with long socks and a sweater over a shirt with a blue and black tie.

The two of them struck up a conversation and it stuck. Harry’s previous misconception of Luna being a bit crazy once she began to talk to him. He learned a lot about her like how her father owns the newspaper the Quibbler and her mother passed away when she was young. He also told her stuff about himself and just for a while did the weight of saving the wizarding world come off his chest. Eventually the conversation died down and Luna went back to her newspaper while Harry took the time to enjoy the beautiful scenery that passed the train by.

Eventually the trolley witch stopped by and asked them if they wanted anything. Knowing he hadn’t eaten much at home due to his family, Harry settled for a few pumpkin pasties, a chocolate frog, and some of bertie bott’s every flavor beans. Luna simply asked for a bottle of pumpkin juice. After everything was paid for it didn’t take long for Harry to get into his food. It had been 2 months since he had anything wizardry and even longer since his last trip to hogsmeade, where he usually got all his candy from.

Luna was intrigued right now. The boy who lived was talking to her and he seemed like a very cool person. Infact, she enjoyed conversing with him more than he has with the other people in her year. As she took a sip of her pumpkin juice, a familiar sensation was brought to her. She felt the slight urge to urinate. Looking down at the bottle that had a wide opening and had a quite stocky feel to it, she thought back to her morning. Surely enough going to the bathroom was something she hadn’t done. This was fine though, the nagging sense of urination was nothing new to her and it wasn’t that bad yet. She simply continued drinking her drink and reading her newspaper. She made sure to slip her empty glass under the seat once she was done.

She and Harry soon began conversing once again. Except this time, neither one of them quite sure of what to say.

“The weather sure is a shame.” Harry said as the dark clouds around everywhere had worsened and rain began to fall.

“This is Britain Harry what could you possibly expect.” Luna said fully aware that rain was an often occurrence in the land of England.

“Yeah, happens far too often.” Harry stated, he had never liked the rain and especially getting wet. Suddenly remembering why it was just the two of them, Harry asked a question he hoped her wouldn’t regret. “Why aren’t you a prefect?” He hadn't meant to offend her in any way, it just seemed right at the thought of her being one.

“I don’t know for sure, but I assume it’s my lack of voice throughout my classes. I almost never speak in my classes and I guess prefects are supposed to have authority and power.”

Meanwhile in the prefects meeting, Hermione was bored as fuck. Not just Hermione, but Ginny also and possibly everyone there. Entering the cabin, she hadn’t expected to be lectured at for an hour but thats what happened. They provided water during the seccion and that was single most interesting thing there. Whilst ignoring some head girl drone on about rules and what and whatnot to do, Hermione drank several glasses of water. Being able to tell students off for doing things was quite amusing for Hermione, but these meetings always made her want to die.

Ginny wasn’t doing any better. For her the only thing that mattered was the password to get into Gryffindor tower. She knew the rules, she knew all the procedures one must take in the face of someone committing a minor offence. She was 90% sure no one was going to go on a killing spree no matter how much they wanted to. She made sure to drink water they provided as she knew the trolley witch had already made her rounds. Once the meeting was over Ginny gladly stretched her arms. Sitting there had been one of the most boring things she has taken part in recently.

As the leave the room Ginny whispers into Hermione’s ear, “That was sooooo boring, was it like this last year?”

Hermione turned her head to look at Ginny, “Last year the Head people were much better.”

The two of them made their way through the hallway until they came across the cabin in which contained Harry and Luna. When they entered they were hit by a gust of warm air and the voices of Harry and Luna greeting them. Hermione took a seat next to Harry and Ginny took one opposite of her. Harry offered them both some sweets and soon enough the cabin was filled with joy and laughter.

Luna was quite pleased of the arrivals of the two. They brought more life to conversation. Her urge to piss was growing constantly but she hadn’t yet felt the need to relieve herself. The ride carried on for a while with everyone trying different flavors of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans and talking about life.

Several minutes later Hermione was starting to feel the nagging sensation in her bladder. She simply pressed her thighs together and carried on. At this point Luna figured it would simply be easier to let out the contents of her bladder. Thus she stood up and made her way to the bathroom. On her way there the train turned and threw Luna against the wall. Luna unsuspecting of the sudden movements leaved into her underwear. It was no problem as she would soon reach the bathroom. As she reached where the single womens bathroom usually sat, she noticed it was empty. Not the bathroom but the space itself. The bathroom simply didn’t exist anymore. The males did however leading her to believe this was a prank presumably by a male. She wasn’t sure who would due this, but she simply removed her wet underwear, unwilling to sit with a wet crotch, and make her way back to the cabin.

On her way back a voice could be heard throughout the train. “‘Excuse me ladies and gentlemen, but there seems to be an Issue concerning the women's bathroom, it’s simply not there anymore. To whoever did this they will be punished appropriately and to those needing the bathroom, he hope you will be alright until the situation can get sorted out.”

Hermione was not impressed by the actions of the person who did this but was not overly concerned at the time. Her need to pee was minimal and she was certain she would last until the end of the train ride. Ginny on the other hand was nervous. While she didn’t need to pee right now, she was aware of the amount of liquid she drank and was sure she would be needing the toilet soon, but for now all she could do was wait

Luna mader her way to her previous seat and made herself comfortable. She knew she was no longer wearing underwear so she made sure to keep her legs together. She slipped her wet underwear into her trunk without anyone noticing and they continued their conversation.

Harry looked around the cabin, it was now 45 minutes later and he could see a common theme between everyone. Ginny’s foot was tapping the ground at an urgant pace and she couldn’t stay focused on anything. Hermione kept shifting her body weight back and forth and she hadn’t turned a page in the book she was “reading” in a suspiciously long time. Luna continuously stuck her hand against her crotch when she thought that no one was looking, and she too couldn’t seem to sit still. This brought a thrilling feeling to Harry who, disliked the thought of anyone especially his friends being in discomfort, but at the same time he couldn’t deny the pleasure this was giving him.

It had been another 15 minutes and Luna wasn’t doing great. She could feel the fluid inside of her press against her urethra and beg for release and at this point she couldn’t do too much to hold it in. That is without magic. Luna had been desperate for a piss many times before and not only did that strengthen her sphincter muscles, but along the way she learned of some spells that would help her. She knew she was holding in more than her friends but no matter how much she squished her legs together, no matter how much she bounced up and down.

She would have to pee eventually. Thus, she resorted to a spell. She gracefully snaked her hand under her shirt and placed her hand on her bladder. She could feel how hard and full it was and even feel it sloth every so often. Concentrating hard in her mind she thought of the proper charm and suddenly the feeling of urgency was lifted and she felt much better. What the spell essentially did was allow her bladder to expand to a greater size by minimizing her uterus.

Hermione had been reading a very interesting book, but she couldn’t seem to concentrate due to the presence in her bladder. After trying her best to ignore it, Hermione realized there was no avoiding the oncoming flood. Although she could perhaps make it discrete. Looking around she saw a glass container on the ground and she reached for it deciding that was her key to relief. Reaching into her trunk she pulled out a blanket and covered bottom half completely. Lastly, using her wand, she cast a spell that would prevent the other inhabitants of the cabin from hearing her.

Then, she was ready. Slowly she moved her bottom to the edge of her seat and spread her legs. Under the blanket she sneakily held the glass container to her lips. She used her other hand to pull her panties aside and soon she felt the extacouse feeling of relief. She tried her best not to moan as it would bring attention to her. Soon her stream stopped and she went back to her normal state of reading with the bottle of piss kept far beneath her seat.

Unbeknownst to Hermione, Ginny was fully aware of the relief that was taking place before her eyes. She didn’t comment as she wanted to save Hermione the embarrassment. This issue still stood, she had never felt this much tension on her abdomen in her life. Not wanting to wet herself infront of her friends, she stood up and told her friends she was going to see Ron, who at the time was on patrol. Gravity threw the large amount of liquid at Ginny’s tiring sphincter muscles. For a brief instance she felt as though she would be unable to contain it but it passed and she carried on. Not knowing what to do she simply walked the halls until she got an idea. As she passed the bathroom she could see it truly was gone. Which imbecile did this? She thought angrily despite knowing it wouldn't do anything. Then a thought occurred. Why don’t I just use the males bathroom? She didn’t care if anyone saw her, at this point she simply needed relief.

Swallowing her pride, she entered the bathroom. One thing she liked about being part of the wizarding world was the bathroom were perpetually clean. The problem with the males bathroom was, there was only one toilet and the rest were urinals. This wouldn’t always be a problem, but at this particular moment the toilet was taken and judging by the noises coming from there, it would be for a while. This left Ginny with 3 options, piss in the sink, piss on the floor, or piss in a urinal. Peeing on a floor or sink felt wrong as piss was not typically meant to go there, but urinals. Urinals were pissed in all the time.

Ginny walked over to the urinal. It was clearly built for someone that could aim and was taller than her. Not wanting to get her clothes wet, she removed them. Just her skirt and underwear of course. Standing on her tippy toes she was barely able to hold her genitalia over the urinal and she couldn’t hold it for so long. Her bladder was rock hard at this point and something needed to be done. With her thighs pressed together she looked up and saw a support bar that was parallel to the floor. Without thinking she jumped off the floor hoping her bladder could take it and grabbed onto the pole. From here she spread her legs as wide as she could and released the fluid she had been holding in for much too long. It all came out in a fast, thick stream and made a wonderful noise spraying the urinal. Around a minute later her stream slowed to a dribble and she was finally free. Hearing the toilet flush she swiftly grabbed her skirt pulled it up and ran.

Luna knew both her friends had achieved relief and she wasn't sure how she would. There wasn’t anything to piss in, and she certainly did not have the nerve to go in the boys bathroom. Although she wasn’t quite as desperate as the other two were. Ginny and Hermione had left to do their rounds for patrol joining ron leaving just her and Harry. By now Luna was not sure whether she would be able to hold on until she could reach proper facilities. The extra room she got had been quite nice, but her bladder had already expanded a lot and she was unsure of her chances.

“You have to pee?” The voice came from Harry and it caught Luna off guard. She was sure he wouldn’t address it.

“Yeah.” She left it at that and Harry didn’t say anything else although she could see a tent in his pants.

By the time the Hogwarts express came to a halt, Luna was doing absolutely anything and everything she could to refrain from pissing herself. Standing up gravity hit her hard, the copious amounts of piss she was holding all pressed on her muscles at once and she was unsure of her ability to stay dry until the feast. Well, no one could stay dry as by now rain was pouring quite heavily. Once Harry left the compartment, Luna pulled down her skirt slightly. She still wasn’t wearing underwear and her abdomen had swollen out several inches. She guessed she was holding at least a liter and a half.

Stepping out of the train she was bombarded with rain and cold air. She could hear the loud voice of Hagrid yelling for the first years and could see hundreds of students waiting for the carriages to come take them to the castle. At this point Luna could not see herself making it to the bathrooms in time and took this prime opportunity to relieve herself. The sound of rain hitting the mud was quite prominent and she figured since she wasn’t wearing underwear all she had to do was stand and release.

Relaxing her bladder, Luna spread her legs slightly and felt the orgasmic feeling of relief wash over her. The sound of her warm piss hitting the mud blended into the rain and it felt amazing. She no longer had to worry about holding herself or staying dry it just all poured out of her. It went on for a while until they were motion to begin walking. Luna still had a lot left in her so she simply let it out as she walked which took much skill and concentration. After a while her copious amounts of piss had been let out and she was free to enjoy the feast.

