Double desperation in a traffic jam

Author: gtg420

*000*2024-11-15 02:39

Travis shifted in his seat, unable to ignore the swelling of his bladder. This traffic jam had no end in sight, and Travis and his friend Darren had drunk plenty of water in the hot sun of the day. They were now stuck on a long overpass packed with cars, the AC running full blast. Travis could find no comfortable position; each one reminded him how painfully full he was and how he was only getting fuller. He didn't know what he would do if he didn't get to somewhere he could piss, very very soon.

"You got a problem there, buddy?" asked Darren, laughing.

"Aw, fuck you."

The car inched along, the low droning radio not enough of a distraction. Travis found his leg jiggling involuntarily in an effort to relieve the pressure. Darren glanced over a few times, looking increasingly distracted, and then said,

"Man, I got to piss too. This traffic better let up or I'm 'bout to whip it out right here."

Travis laughed, but the thought of letting go made a leak dribble out of him. His bladder was sending primitive, urgent signals for release. He was afraid he would have to hold himself soon. The jerks and starts of the car were nearly impossible to bear. He could feel all the water and soda he drank that day sloshing inside his swollen bladder, pushing it to its limits as even more liquid tried to force its way in. He put his hand on his stomach and felt the painful bulge where it usually was flat. He shifted again, trying to find relief, and the movement of the seatbelt over his abdomen was almost enough to make him lose it completely.

"Oh, shit," he mumbled. "Darren, you got to pull over. I have to piss NOW."

"How am I supposed to pull over? There’s no shoulder. Just hold it."

"I’m telling you, I can't."

"Ok, so piss out the door or something."

"With all these people right here? And kids? I'll get arrested."

"Then just hold it, man. We'll get off the next exit."

Travis groaned. At the rate they were moving, the next exit wouldn't be for another half hour. He didn't think he could make it that long. His jittering leg was hitting the bottom of the dashboard as he clenched his fist against the waves of urgency. Darren was paying little attention, growing more impatient with the traffic. They jerked forward once more and the sudden jolt was too much–Travis felt his muscles weaken momentarily–and a long, hot jet of piss shot into his boxers for two or three seconds until he gained control of himself again. It soaked into the fabric and dripped down his balls, the sensation almost making him lose it again. He shoved his hand into his pocket and pinched his dick through the fabric. At this sudden movement Darren looked over. Clear as day, the wet spot on Travis's jeans shone in the sunlight as another leak exploded from him.

"What the fuck are you doing, man?"

"I told you I had to fucking piss!"

"Not in my car!"

"I can’t stop it."

Darren scowled and stared forward at the traffic. "I gotta piss too, but you don't see me wetting my pants. I'll hold it till we get off the exit, and so will you."

Travis squeezed his dick through his pocket, shifting in his seat to lessen the pressure. But it didn’t lessen at all; the shifting liquid only made him more conscious of his poor stretched bladder, which gave a shuddering twinge. He groaned and grabbed at the outside of his crotch with his free hand, all modesty lost. Another desperate jet of piss surged out and he felt it soak through his jeans to his palm. The clammy coldness of his wet boxers was flushed with warmth again and the surge of heat prompted another spurt, uncontrollable, lasting a couple seconds and creating a wet patch the size of a softball on the front of Travis' jeans. He felt it dripping down his leg and knew it must be pooling on the seat.

"I'm fucking pissing," he hissed at Darren, gripping his dick with both hands and bending forward. "Just, change lanes, fuck, do something! I am going to piss myself right now!"

"Ok, ok, I'm trying! I can't get over!"

Just as traffic began to move again, Darren turned the wheel quickly and jerked across two lanes, met with a chorus of honks. Travis half-stood in his seat and bent over, clutching himself as tendrils of wetness snaked themselves down his thighs. He pressed back against the seat, contorting his legs to try and control the overwhelming flood. Piss leaked out steadily, a slow dripping that soaked his boxers but did nothing to lessen his pain.

Darren was visibly agitated, glancing at his friend constantly, shifting and cursing under his breath. "Alright," he said nervously. “The exit's just up there, we're in the exit lane now. If we take the emergency lane we'll get pulled over by that highway cop up there."

"I don't care," hissed Travis. "I am pissing. I AM PISSING. We have to get out NOW."

"We'll get there quicker if we don’t get pulled over!"

Travis clutched the door handle so hard that his knuckles turned white. The car jerked forward again and he felt an uncontrollable, violent surge, and though he squirmed and pinched to contain it, nothing could stop it from bursting out around his fingers, scalding and desperate. He could not stem the flow. It rapidly streamed around his balls and pooled on the vinyl seating, filling the air with the hissing sound of long-held piss hitting denim.

"Shit!” cried Darren. “What the fuck are you doing!"

Travis' mouth and throat were too dry to respond. He let go of his dick and pulled his dripping hand out of his pocket. The full force of his piss surged out of his bladder, completely uncontrollably, streaming down his legs and into his socks and shoes, squishing around his feet and soaking into the floormat. Darren shouted and waved his hands, but there was no way to hold back the tides. The massive, orgasmic relief as it drained from him left him unable to move. He only twitched a leg now and then as the flood took its course. It soaked up into his shirt and he knew that his wallet and cell phone must be ruined in his back pockets.

When the stream finally lessened and Travis felt the weight of his bladder lightened, he looked down at himself. His jeans were soaked with urine, a dark stain on the light denim. Between his legs was a pool of steaming piss, unable to soak any further into the saturated fabric. It was still running lightly down his legs and dripping onto the floor.

“What the fuck is wrong with you, man!”

"I told you I had to fucking piss. I had to PISS. If I could have stopped it I would have."

"This is NOT FUCKING COOL!" said Darren. "You’re paying to detail my car. Ohhh, we got to get off this exit. I got to piss like a racehorse man, watching you did not help! "

"Now you know how it feels," said Travis.

"Real men can hold it," said Darren, but just a moment later, shining wetness welled up around his fly. He clamped his legs together.

“What’s that you said about real men?”

Darren shifted in his seat and nearly hit the car in front of him as his foot slipped off the brake. He slammed it down again and winced.

“Fuck! Fuck!" Darren threw the car in neutral and grabbed at himself with both hands, squeezing hard for a moment before an angry honk from behind forced him to straighten out and drive. Wetness welled into his lap and he bent over as he drove, grabbing with one hand. The exit was in sight now, but not in reach. There was a look on his face of realization that he couldn’t possibly make it. His wet patch grew slowly larger until he let out a pained grunt that let Travis know the floodgates had burst. Hot, desperate piss streamed down Darren's legs, bubbling through the fabric, hissing and spurting through his futile fingers.

Darren cursed and squirmed, but nothing would stop it. Waterfalls of urine splashed down from his jeans, running uncontrollably over the seat and onto the mat below. Then, as if he wasn’t pissing hard enough already, he shivered and began to shoot a strong jet straight out the front of his jeans, bursting through the fabric and cascading back down into the pool between his legs. Darren's hands were limp on the steering wheel; he was oblivious to the honks of the drivers behind him. His pants were even more soaked with piss than Travis' and his seat was full to the brim with wet, steaming urine, which was still surging with force out of Darren's huge bladder.

"Holy shit," murmured Travis. "When was the last time you pissed?"

"I just hold it. I’ve never..." Darren was visibly distressed, staring into his lap as he voided. "I don't wet myself. I been holding it since last night."

"All that beer?!"

Darren nodded. Still, his flood showed no signs of ceasing. He seemed to remember he was driving and began to move forward again, but still his stream surged. Finally, they came to the exit. Darren swerved onto it they pulled off at the closest sign of woods. Travis, empty, didn't need to get out anymore, but Darren scurried out of his seat with the car still running, pouring piss as he went, whipped out his streaming dick and ran into the woods, still pissing with steady force. Travis watched in awe. From his vantage point he could still see his friend, legs akimbo, watering a tree with his head thrown back. He could almost hear the sighs of relief.

His stream glinted in the sunlight, and Travis was amazed at how full he must have been. Of course he’d been annoyed with Travis, whining and moaning about his desperation when Darren’s own need was so huge. Finally Darren finished, and tried to wipe off his soaking legs with some leaves before coming sheepishly back to the car. His pants were soaked past the knees, still dripping wet with his hot piss. Darren stared at the spattered trail of urine on the asphalt and the huge puddle on his seat and floor, then looked over to Travis, who was flushed and sitting in his own puddle. All they could do was laugh.

