Digby x Rosie (Animal Crossing omorashi)

Author: Gatto-Italiano

*000*2020-01-03 08:45

DISCLAIMER: This story contains graphic sexual content. I'm not sure exactly how to rate a story like this, but if you're not a fan of a little "alone time" between 2 people, this might not be to your taste.

Before the story starts I need to say how this was written. Me and another user "Aquarius" did a role play a while ago and ended up writing this as we went along. I just thought it would be fun to convert it into a story.

We did not role play with the intent of writing this. It was just for fun. Hopefully it comes out okay, if it doesn't... oh well at least I had fun writing it! I'm not trying to create a masterpiece, I'm just doing this for fun. My grammar is pretty bad too, long story short I never really learned grammar all that well.

We also don't really know anything about Animal Crossing, so really nothing here makes sense to the actual games. So yeah.... sorry to all the people that enjoy the games, I tried to change a few things to make it more realistic but it still doesn't feel right. Again... sorry. We made up a lot here for the fun of the role play...

Also, this isn't the whole thing. I could maybe write more, but it'll be even more far off.

Anyway here it goes, thank you if read all that junk above.

###

It was quite late, late enough for most villagers to be asleep by now. The night was peaceful and quiet, well... not all of it. There's this nice karaoke club around the edge of town. The more fun villagers thoroughly enjoy being there...

Digby had just walked in, got himself a mug of cider, and found nice small table somewhat near the stage. His shift as a gatekeeper just ended, so naturally he was slightly tired, yet still excited. Putting his feet up on the table, he started to drink his cider.

But Digby isn't really much of singer... so why was he there you may ask?

The door opened to reveal his reason...

"Hey Digby!"

It was Roise, the kind, cheerful, peppy little cat we all know and love. Especially Digby, he's been eyeing that pretty one for awhile, watching that girl do anything made him very happy, not to mention... a little aroused...

"Eyyy, Rosie, good to see you! Are you here t-"

Just then Rosie threw the can of soda she was drinking into a bin. "Yep! Yes! I'm here to sing baby!" she said with an enormous grin on her face. "Woooo! I just had like... uhhh 5 ...or 6 sodas? Whatever, the point is I'm flipping ready!" She was obviously buzzing with hyper energy.

"Calm down there hotshot, you need to save that energy for the stage!"

"Ahhh it doesn't matter, a-anyway, I need to go sign up!" Rosie started walking to the sign up book, still smiling and full of excitement. Digby used the opportunity to stare at her some more. As she walked away, he got a good look at that rear. He thought to himself "Wow, just... wow... that girl has got some curves... I wonder if tonight is when I finally talk to her some more... well... I should take things slow for now...but who knows what could happen?"

Just then, he started to feel some bloating in his lower abdomen. That cider had already started making it's way down to his bladder. Also, it's been awhile since he last used the restroom, that shift was a bit to long to find time for bathroom break anyway.

"Should I just head into the bathroom really quickly..." he was pretty comfortable in his seat, and didn't really feel like getting up "pffft, I can hold it..." he thought to himself.

10 minuets went by, people came and went on and off the stage doing their very best to sing. But Digby didn't care to much for them, he just wanted to see Rosie. To cancel out his boredom he continued to nearly finish his cider. However the discomfort in his bladder was starting to get distracting, every minute it got noticeably worse. "Hmpf, I think I need to head into the little boys room now..."

"Next up, Rosie!"

"Ahhh gosh darn-it! I guess I could at least wait until the song is over..." he was a little annoyed, but at least he finally gets to see her sing. He wasn't about to miss any bit of her song just because he needs to go! Rosie happily made her way up to stage. "Yeah! Go Get em' tiger!" he said trying to compliment her.

"Hi! Hi everyone!"

Digby smiled at her trying to be polite and hide his need. "Okay, this is fine... I just need to hold it for a bit..."

Then she announced what song she'll be singing

"Darn-it! That stupidly long song?! Ugh this is gonna be painful..." he kept thinking.

And just like that, she started singing, unfortunately her beautiful voice wasn't enough to distract him. He took his feet off of the tabletop crossed them over each other. While he did really like her singing it still wasn't enough to make that smile on his face real.

Only a minuet in and Digby is already starting to squirm. His belt was pushing on his bladder bulge, in a desperate attempt to relive some stress, he tried to undo it. "Come on, Come on!" he thought while fumbling with his belt. But then Rosie looked directly at him, and gave him a strange look, almost like discomfort...

Then it hit him... there's a girl on the stage and he's just sitting there fumbling with his personal area. "Oh no... Oh no! She thinks I'm a creep now!" Instantly, his hands shot up to the table. "This is bad... did I just blow my chances?!"

Anyway... her look of discomfort became more intense. All the sudden her hands went to her thighs, it kind of looked like part of the dance, and it actually distracted Digby's need for a moment. "That's a strange dance... is she trying to be seductive? No no, gosh I might just actually be a creep, but still, something is off with her..."

But of course the need came back "Just. Finish. The. Song..." For some reason he was determined to keep it in for now.

In what felt like forever later, the song ended, and Digby could already feel the relief...

He stood up and started cheering, and clapping, saying "Wooo, t-that was great Rosie!" She did a bow on the edge of the stage, but her smile looked sort of... faked. Digby took notice, but didn't care right now.

Bladder full of pee, he speed walked over the men's room, doing his best not to grasp his junk. "Gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee gotta pee!" Running past everyone he quickly darted in the bathroom. At least it was empty... "Oh thank goodness..." he said as he approached a urinal and was already undoing his belt and zipper. Then he stood in front of it, spread his legs a little, stuck it out, then...

Pssssssssssssssss

"Ahhhhh finally.... goodness gracious I'm going to be here for a bit" he said waiting for his bladder to drain.

But then he heard a sound from the doorway, someone else is coming in apparently... no big deal... expect when he turned his head to see who it was, it was Rosie! And boy it looked like she had to pee pretty badly...

Digby felt a little embarrassed, but mostly confused. With a confused voice he said "Ummmm Rosie, this is the boy's-"

"I NEED to peeeee!"

Since there wasn't really any toilets, she ran up the urinal next to Digby. "Uhhhh, R-Rosie?" She reached under skirt and dropped her panties straight to the floor.

"Woah... ummm Rosie what a-" Then she lifted her dress a tiny bit and got her waist above the bottom portion of the urinal. Still managing to keep everything below her hips covered.

"This can't be real..." he thought "It just can't be..."

Psssssssssssssssssss

"Holy cow...."

Rosie instantly looked relieved, and Digby was absolutely lost for words.

"Rosie, what... what on earth..." the panties on the floor was distracting him the most.

Finally she looked up and said "The ummmm, girl's bathroom was closed... and I... I really needed to go..."

"Huh, I can see that..." at last he managed to empty his whole bladder.

"Yeah, s-sorry I didn't want to be r-rude but I just couldn't... I mean I was really about to pee myself. I-I'm so sorry" she said kind of embarrassed.

(The omorashi ends here if you want to stop reading, the rest is just the romantic bit. Sorry I couldn't drag this part out any longer)

###

"No it's okay, I get it..." He wasn't concerned about that, but the current state of her was just so... kinky. So much so that it actually made him a little "stiffer" down there.

Rosie finished emptying herself, and looked over at Digby's package. Only a quick gasp could be heard as her face turned quite pink and looked away, she looked very shocked.

Digby looked down and realized the issue. "Ahh!" he said scarred out his mind as he quickly put everything with his pants back together. Oh, and of course he was blushing too.

"So the... the girl's bathroom... it's broken, or closed right!? Right? that's pretty funny hahaha! W-w-what a horrible time to do something like that huh?!" he said trying to play it cool.

"Uhhh, y-yes, it was indeed!" She said as she quickly pulled up her panties

The atmosphere was so thick you could cut it with a knife.

Digby was desperately trying to think of something to say.... looking down he saw some pee got on her ankles. "Uhh I-I think you got a little ummm something on you legs there" Looking down she confirmed what he said was true.

"Oh! Well that's not good!" she said also trying to find some way to change the topic off of what just happened. But then Digby got an idea, it was daring for sure. But he really wanted to ask it. He looked super nervous at the time, pondering if what he wants to say is what he actually should say.

"Are you okay Di-"

"If you want you could come to my house and use my bathtub to clean up!" he blurted out loudly.

"S-sure, if it's not to much to ask..."

"Oh really... cool then! I mean great, whatever! Let's get going haha!"

"Right..." she said trying to smile.

They started walking together out of the bathroom, and eventually out of the karaoke club. It was clear that they both felt awckward over what just happened. Digby felt defeated, as if he blew his chances forever.

The walk back was quite quiet and awkward. They only talked about there houses and such, and how Digby is no longer living with Isabelle, so basically nothing happened...

But finally they got to his house. "Okay so, the bathroom in down the hall at the end, help yourself!"

"Thanks again for this. I promise I won't be long!"

She then headed straight for the bathroom. Once out of sight Digby leaned against a wall and buried his face in his paws "Ohhhhhh man... what am I doing? What's wrong with me... I just had to look... I just had to look!" he said angrily. "(sigh) well at least I could let her clean herself up, it's the least I can do... (sigh) yeah... she's just bathing there probably thinking about... about... wait." At that point he thought of something. "She's bathing... so that means...no I shouldn't! Well..." he looked down the hallway and noticed the door wasn't fully closed. "J-just a peak..."

As he walked down the hallway he couldn't help but think "Am I really about to do this?" but alas there he was, about to look though the ajar door. Slowly he put his head into the opening.

And he had never seen such a beautiful sight...

Rosie wasn't even in the tub yet, she was just getting in, and Digby saw literally everything... in full view. His breathing pace increased, and his hands trembled a bit...

Rosie then fully submerged herself in the water, just relaxing in the water.

Then Digby got an even dirtier thought. "What if I just..." he started to undo his belt. "Just real quick, she won't even know... oh my... that body... those breasts..." Rosie sat back and let herself soak in the tub, Digby was doing his best to stay quiet, but it was kind of difficult with all the breathing. But then as Rosie sat back more in the tub, the view became more obstructed, and Digby's view was nearly blocked.

"Mmmm come on..." he whispered while fumbling in his pants. "I just need a better angle...", so he got up on the very tips of his paws in hopes to get a better view of that chest. "Almost there... almost..."

Well... in his mind that was a good idea, because in practice it very much wasn't. Because balance on the tip of one's feet isn't always the best...

And just like that, he lost his balance, and fell front first into the bathroom...

"Ahhh!" he screamed absolutely mortified of what just happened. After falling on the floor, his first reaction is look up at Rosie... and to his surprize she actually giving off a goofy smile.

"Woah! D-Digby! uhhh d-did you fall over or something?!" she tried to say more, but was to shocked to say much more.

Digby instantly got up back on 2 legs. "NO it's not what it looks like!" he explained keeping his pants up with his paws. "I j-ust uuhhhh fell over! a-and the door... it uh wasn't even closed at all!" Rosie sat there, continuing to look at him with a goofy yet excited smile. "S-sorry! I'm so sorry!" Embarrassed as ever, he made his way to the door.

But Rosie didn't want him to leave just yet. "Digby! be honest... where you trying to look at me?!" she asked looking strangely excited.

He looked away in embarrassment. "M-maybe I saw some things on the way down! I mean it was only..." Rosie kept giving the silly smile, he knew that she knew what was going on. "(sigh) yes... I was trying to catch a sneak peak of you... I'm so sorry" he shamefully confessed as he headed towards the door.

"But did you like it?"

"Wh.... what?!"

"But did you like it!? Do you really enjoy the way I look?!"

"Okay, you got me... alright?!"

"Wanna see more!?"

"I'm jus- ... hold on, pardon?!"

Rosie gave of a naughty smile. "I wouldn't mind showing you more... maybe even some access..."

"You're... what?! you mean..." Rosie gave a slight yet rapid nod, blushing more by the second.

"Just let me finish up this bath quickly... "

"Ugh, ummmm" he was to flustered to make out any words.

All of it was there, his greatest dream just came true. all he has to do is go along with it. So he just took a deep breath and said softly and smugly "I'll be waiting in the living room..." and then he let his pants drop straight to the floor, reveling his underwear. "See ya there darling..." he explained as he walked out of the bathroom with the biggest grin on his face.

In the hallway he striped himself of everything and simply dropped his clothes down on the floor. Then, he started to lay himself down on the couch, making sure to be on his side and show off his rather "excited" private bits. "Okay everything looks great... oh this is going to be good" anticipation fueled his body as he waited for Rosie.

Minuets later, foot steps could be heard in the hallway. And then Rosie finally got a look of him. Her face said it all, long story short, she liked what she saw.

"Rosie..." he said in a suave and soft voice "I was thinking, sending a poor lady like you home for the night would be so rude of me. So how about you stay the night? My treat..."

"(Gasp) I'd love that... y-yes I'd very much appreciate that...

"No problem, but how about you bring that figure over here and... start showing me some appreciation?" he requested with a devilish smile.

"Oh! okay! hehe, w-would you like a feel of me?" She began walking towards the couch before sitting right in front of his hips.

"We could start that way..." Digby sat up next to her and placed his hands on her shoulders. "Beautiful... just beautiful..." he said making his hands down her back and around her breasts.

It actually made her let out a small moan "Mmmm, you're a hefty lover I see..."

"Hefty? Perhaps..." he said squeezing slightly tighter. "I'd prefer...smooth".

His hands then went down her back and onto her rear "I like the shape, it's very, very well shaped"

"Glad you're fond of it, it feels so nice when you-" her whole body kind of shook for a moment "-move your hands over it..."

"Excellent, but do you know what would feel better?" Digby sneaked his paws around her thighs and in between her legs. By the looks of it, Rosie was absolutely loving it.

"I think I found soooomthiiiiing..." he said nearly laughing. Rosie had no idea what to do with all this emotion. She even started panting a little. Then out of no where she looked at Digby's junk and grasped a handful of it. "Woah haha, couldn't keep your hands off huh?!" Her gaze went upwards to his eyes...

"I wanted a quick feel too.." she confessed with the most magical smile on her face while stunned by the feeling of his parts

They starred into each others eyes for a moment, but then out of nowhere... they threw each other into their embraces. Their lips met in the middle

"MMMMMmm... mmmmm..." was the only audible sound from their mouths as they squeezed each other tight from around their backs. After only a minuet of that, Digby decided it was time to get started...

He pushed her back onto the couch and hovered over her, and she didn't resist one bit. He managed to get his mouth off for a bit, because for what he's about to do, let's just say the dog needs some air...

Rosie felt it, then she felt it again, and again, and again. It was the feeling on penetration from Digby. The constant thrusting was enough to make Rosie respond vocally.

"Ahhhh, that was f-fast! Oh wow, w-wow! Please don't stop!"

"Trust me...(panting) I won't anytime soon...". All Rosie could do was lay there and take it, of course she found nothing wrong with her current position though...

Digby had the wise idea to lean in and whisper into her ear. "(panting) n-now I know why the nickname is pussy-cat..."

"Haa, you like it don't you! C-come on then, I want you inside this pussy-cat as much as possible!"

"Oh you're a dirty one aren't ya?! Well, ahhh, as you command..."

His pace and depth drastically increased, she was actually moving back and fourth now with every thrust. "Y-Yes perfect! J-just like that!" In response to his change she poked her head up and kiss him right on the lips again for just a moment.

They kept going at it for a while... hugging, kissing, moaning until eventually Rosie felt it building up inside her, to the point of a finale. "Ahhh, don't stop! I'm about... to... ohhhh! Ahhh!" Digby could feel her paws on his side really squeeze tight for moment, this of course made Digby very close as well.

Amazingly enough, her climax caused a chain reaction. Which in turn made Digby do the same.

So for a moment, it was tense, very tense... they grabbed each other tightly and his pace only increased.

"Ahhhh AHHH!" could have been heard from outside the house...

But then, everything became still... there was nothing. just peace and quiet. Digby fell right on top of Rosie, and then kind of positioned himself next to her. They couldn't stop panting, at last they had achieved sweet relief, but more importantly, they have each other....

"Woah" said Digby in a tired yet surprised tone, "That was great..." by the look on his face you could tell he was still in shock. But Rosie seemed a bit more relaxed about what just happened

Rosie just smiled blankly at the ceiling. "I love you... " she muttered while cuddling up with Digby.

"I love you too..." he couldn't believe anything that happened tonight, and those words completed everything. "I think we should get some sleep now..."

"Yep... I could use that right about now..."

END

###

Aaaaaaand finito! At last it's complete!

Sorry if it wasn't as good as I thought it would be! I kinda just followed the role play and ended up with this. Again, this was never made to be shared in the form of a story.

But anyways that took WAY longer than I thought to write! I wouldn't even care if not a single person liked this, I'm proud of it anyway!

Now I kinda want to write more of this stuff! But maybe next time I'll actually come up with something by myself for once lol! Heck I could use the extra practice...

But of course I saved the most important thing for last! Thank you Aquraisus for doing a damn good job playing Rosie!

*002*2020-01-03 16:46

{{19 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantasmic story

}}

Thank you for the read!

