The Officer and the Pirate: A Steampunk Omorashi Story

Author: Guest Tascheter

*000*2016-05-08 22:36

Hello! This is my attempt at a longer omorashi story, set in a steampunk-y universe aboard the airship Merovich and split between two perspectives. I hope you enjoy, feedback is always appreciated! Unfortunately not much omorashi in this first segment, but that will come, believe me!

Kura

I awoke to the faint but unmistakable sound of gunfire. Quickly, I jumped up and ran to the door, pulling my chains taught. There it was again; the rat-a-tat-tat of artillery fire. A sound I had heard many times before in my life, though I never had quite welcomed it in the way I did now. This could be the chance I had been waiting for, and I wasn't going to let it pass me by.

I looked around at my prison. It was solidly built, with walls of stone and a door of steel. Simply getting out of this room would not be easy, and that was only the first part. I was, after all, aboard the airborne fortress Merovich, possibly the largest airship in the Imperial fleet. Escape looked like a dim prospect. But that was better than no prospect at all.

Quickly I stood up, tensed my muscles, and snapped my chains. I had swallowed a file before I was captured, and after throwing it back up had spent these past few weeks wearing down my fetters in preparation for the day that I could attempt an escape. Now, those weeks of work had paid off. But this was only the beginning. The clock was moving against me. I had to move quickly. If I was caught, the Imperials wouldn't underestimate me again.

I wouldn't be able to get out through the bolted door; that was easy to see. But just above my head was an air vent, and I could see the screws holding it on. My mind raced; I knew this would be my way to freedom, but what could I use to get those screws out?

My meal tray. Of course. I grabbed it and strained my emaciated muscles to bend it into a flat slab of metal. Panting with the effort, I reached up and began to work the screws loose. My mind raced as I did so. Here was my chance to make it off this accursed ship and return to my crew. The last I'd seen of the Fire of Dorestad, my own ship, it was in flames over the Black Forest. I'd failed to save them then. I needed to now. I needed to get back to my crew. To my family. And I couldn't do that stuck in an Imperial brig.

One screw went. Then two. Then three, and then four, and the vent popped off. Gathering all my strength, I leapt upwards, pulling myself up into the main air vent. I was out of my cell. But I was far from free.

Faustina

All thirty-three of us cadets on board the Merovich were assembled in a windowless room near the back of the gondola lit by only a few lamps, and all of us were bored to tears. Here was an honest-to-God battle, and the cadets, the future of the Imperial Navy, were forced to wait here while everyone else stole the glory. Well, I wasn't going to have it. I was Faustina von Seerose, the best cadet on the Merovich, if not in the Navy. I deserved to be out there, fighting those pirates. After all, that was why I'd taken a position aboard this ship. I could have gone anywhere, with my test marks and my parents' connections, but I wanted to be on the front lines. Not stuck in some room like a helpless child!

And I wasn't going to stay here for long, if I could help it. The door wasn't locked. The only thing keeping everyone here was the order of Commandant Heinz. Surely, I didn't want to be rung up for insubordination. But, if I took off my insignia, no one would know that I was a cadet. And when I returned from the battle with pirate blood on my hands, no one would be too angry that I'd decided to get out and actually do something.

Quickly, I slipped towards the door. No other cadet even noticed me; they were too busy talking amongst themselves, concerned with their own petty lives. The door itself was in shadow, and once there, it was easy to pull off my insignia, stuff it into my pocket, and slip out without anyone noticing. My heart raced as I stepped over the threshold, and for a second I wondered if I was doing the right thing. I had never willingly disobeyed an order before. But I brushed aside my doubts. I couldn't pass up a chance like this.

The door opened up to an empty hallway. Quickly I ran away from the door, not wanting to be seen near the cadets' hideout. As I did so, I noticed a slight twinge in my bladder. Nothing serious, of course. As in everything else, I was the best amongst the cadets when it came to resisting my bodily urges. Never once had I soiled myself during a training exercise, a surprisingly rare feat. With the intense training that we cadets go through, the weakest among us have regularly walked back to our quarters with dark stains running down their blue uniforms. But never I; after I first witnessed the humiliation the others went through, I swore that I would never wet my uniform, and I didn't plan to now. So I ignored the feeling and turned down another wood-paneled hallway. The hangar where the cadets' flyers were kept was close. If I could slip in there and take my craft, I'd be in the midst of the fight in no time.

At the end of this hallway was another one, filled with people running back and forth. I ducked into the crowd, forcing my way to the left. I couldn't help but smile to myself. My plan was working! Soon, glory would be mine!

Suddenly, out of nowhere, a siren began to wail. Everyone halted, including me, my heart pounding. Oh, god. This was it. They'd found me. I was in big, big trouble. I looked around wildly for some way to escape, seeing my life flash before my eyes. What if I was court-martialed? What if I was kicked off the Merovich?

I shouldn't have done this. This was stupid. So stupid. Oh, god. What was I going to do. What was I going to do?

"Attention," spoke a voice, emanating from a pneumatic tube in the wall next to me. "The east wing has been partitioned. No one is to enter without express authorization."

I sighed in utmost relief, stopping to catch my breath. It wasn't me at all? Well, of course not. But then, if not me, what was it? What was going on in the east wing that was so important they had to close it off? There was hardly anything in the east wing; it was mainly used for supplies. That, and the brig.

The brig! That was right! Rumor had it that the Merovich was carrying the infamous pirate Kura Sabretooth on board right now. And if the east wing was closed off... He must have gotten out of his cell!

I couldn't believe it. Not only was there a battle, but also a prison break. And Heinz was going to have us stay in some room? Sneaking out was the greatest decision of my life. No way I was going to miss this!

