Coolant Leak: A Kancolle Omo Fic

Author: Guest LowCoherency

*000*2021-01-20 18:48

Don't know how much demand there is for this particular fandom, but I'm really enjoying writing it. This is just chapter 1, but if I find the time I have some ideas for a few other chapters. ### Some very mild sexual contact about 2/3 of the way in so just be warned ###

~~~

Chapter 1

Mogami shifts nervously on the hard plastic bench. Glancing toward the front of the train she tries to read the clock. 5:30, barely five minutes into the twenty minute ride. She releases a shaky breath. The pressure in her bladder had been steadily building all day. Now she could feel herself reaching a breaking point. Her leg begins to bounce involuntarily as her mind attempts to calculate just how long she has until the inevitable. Another wave of pressure rolls over her. With a small gasp she grabs herself. In doing so her hand passes over the padlock fastened tightly to the clasp of her shorts. She stops for a second to give the shackle a tug. The added pressure around her waist squeezes out another gasp and forces her hand between her legs. Her only hope lies in the small key she intentionally left behind in her room.

The train’s intercom softly chimes its approach to the final station on the line. Mogami jumps at the sudden sound as it breaks her concentration. In a split second she feels a spot of dampness form on her panties. Clamping back down, she struggles to regain her composure. The last couple minutes had been torture for the shipgirl. Her desperation had increased drastically, not helped by the gentle motion of the train. She gingerly removes her hands from her crotch to inspect the damage. Thankfully nothing has soaked through. Still, she is thankful for the empty train car. Even without an obvious stain her constant squirming is a dead giveaway to her condition. Staggering to the doors, she waits impatiently for them to open.

Once free of the confines of the train, Mogami weighs her options. She had to get back to her dorm before it’s too late. The front gate is the closest entrance, and with time against her it’s a tempting route. This would also take her through the heart of the base. The thought of someone seeing her in this state is terrifying, and the risk of not making it too great. Bouncing from one leg to the other, she thinks of another way to the dorms. The small gates placed around the base perimeter are farther away, but offer her only other hope. Mogami pauses for a moment. Even if the longer walk is too much she’ll at least avoid the embarrassment of losing control in some hallway. Another wave of desperation spurs her into action. Stepping off the road she staggers toward the gate nearest the dorms.

Mogami’s heart is racing. With each step she can feel her bladder struggling to hold. It’s exhilarating. This isn’t the first time she'd set herself up in such a manner. In fact she would frequently push herself to the edge and beyond, setting arbitrary time restrictions on using the bathroom. Of course she would rarely make it, and her evening would be relegated to cleaning the floor and her clothes. On occasion she would even go out into town during these challenges. The publicity added to the excitement, but she always made sure to give herself plenty of time to get home, or at least stayed near public toilets as a last resort. This was the first time she’d done something as drastic as locking herself into her shorts.

After ten minutes of walking punctuated by occasional leaks, the gate finally comes into view. By now a small damp patch has appeared between Mogami’s thighs. Every muscle in her body is now begging for release. She considers just giving up here and now. The torrent that would pour from her, running down her legs and soaking her shoes and the grass beneath, would feel like heaven. But the fear of running into someone in the dorm halls keeps her going. Just a bit farther she repeats to herself as she feels yet another spurt break free. Finally making it to the gate she slaps her ID badge against the scanner and stumbles into the courtyard behind the dorms.

For a moment, Mogami had forgotten her situation. A shipgirl making such a dramatic entrance would have attracted considerable attention, had there been anyone in the courtyard. Mogami considers this another stroke of luck in her worsening debacle. Now in a dead sprint, she heads for her dorm. She’s so close. Just a couple flights of stairs stand between her and relief. These prove difficult, threatening to undo her at every step. The small damp patch has by now grown into a sizable dark patch along the front of her shorts. Rounding the corner at the top floor, she again thanks her good luck that the hallway is empty. She finally skids to a halt in front of her door, wrenches it open, and falls inside.

Mogami barely manages to close the door before running to the desk where she left the key. With shaky hands she rummages through the papers and knick-knacks strewn across it. Looking over her shoulder she eyes the toilet. So close yet so far. Finally finding the key, she grabs the padlock. Her legs are now violently shaking. Feeling the inevitable approaching, she tries to open the lock. No sooner does she jam the key in than the floodgates open.

The relief is instant, forcing a long moan from Mogami’s lips. She braces herself against the table as her legs weaken and a loud hiss joins her moans. Warmth quickly fills her panties as a broad, dark stain spreads over both sides of her shorts. Hot streams cascade down her legs and begin to fill her shoes. The flow seems unending, only getting stronger with time. Her shoes quickly overflow as a large puddle forms. As the initial shock passes, Mogami is able to straighten herself.

Closing her eyes, her mouth breaks into a shaky smile as she enjoys the sensations. Slipping her hands into her pockets she relaxes fully. The flow into her shorts steadies as she brings her legs together. This grows the ever widening stain across her front to the point her hands begin to dampen. She gently shifts her weight, enjoying the soft squelch of her drenched socks and shoes. Small ripples spread through the puddle as her movements combine with the liquid still pouring from her shorts. Her ecstasy is cut short by the soft creak of her door opening.

“F-fuck!”

Mogami spins in a panic, fear filling her mind. The splattering sound from the floor stops as every muscle in her body locks up. There, in the doorway, in full view of the mess that is Mogami, stands I-401. Mogami doesn’t even try to hide what’s happened. Her mind races for any excuse that would make sense. Spilled water? Not unless it fell straight down her shorts. Just an accident? The padlock is clearly no accident. As her mind races, I-401 quietly closes the door and turns the lock.

“I never would have guessed you like doing that too!” I-401 says with an excited grin. “Doesn’t it feel amazing to just let go and feel the warmth spread and clothing dampen? Oh, don’t let me stop you. Keep going!” The submarine begins to advance excitedly.

Mogami hasn’t heard I-401. She’s still attempting to process her shock at being discovered. Trying to back away from the approaching shipgirl, she bumps into her table. She’s cornered. “Shioi wait...stop. This isn’t-” but the submarine steps through her still warm puddle completely unfazed.

“Oh it’s just a little pee, what’s the big deal.” I-401 quips, closing the last couple feet to stand right up against Mogami. She gently places a hand over Mogami’s bladder. “Don’t tell me you’re empty.” As she says this, she gently presses on the still aching bladder. Mogami moans, but keeps her composure. Taking this as a challenge as well as consent, I-401 gingerly slides her fingers over the heavy cruiser’s still dripping shorts. The material is slick, easily allowing the submarine's hand to slide between Mogami’s thighs. Her legs part slightly as I-401 begins to gently press and rub the wet fabric over her shorts.

Mogami is nearing another breaking point. Despite how much she had already released, the pressure in her bladder is still almost unbearable. Now with the added sensation supplied by I-401, it’s excruciating. The terror she felt previously has been replaced by a combination of desperation and arousal. A combination she finds herself not wholly put off by. She wants nothing more than to fully empty herself. Yet try as she might, the embarrassment of someone watching such a thing keeps her muscles locked tight. All she can do is moan as the submarine becomes more forceful in her movements.

“Still nothing?” I-401 sounds slightly disappointed. Wrapping her free hand around the heavy cruiser's waist, she pulls her into a hug. “I guess I have to lead by example.”

Before Mogami can protest, she feels hot liquid once again racing down her thighs. For a moment she sighs in relief. But the pressure in her bladder isn’t going down. In fact, the additional feeling of running water is making it worse. Mogami looks down to the only other possible source. A large, wet stain is rapidly spreading across the front of the submarine's swimsuit and soaking into one leg of Mogami’s shorts. This proves too much for the heavy cruiser. Her bladder finally gives in with a shudder that racks her body and forces out a throaty sigh. Her flow is restored with a loud hiss, this time straining against the added pressure from I-401’s fingers. The submarine shifts her hand to allow the stream to flow freely down the pair’s legs. It mixes with I-401’s as the glistening fluid forms countless rivulets, flowing either into Mogami’s completely saturated shoes, or over I-401’s sandaled feet.

I-401 gives a contented sigh as she wiggles her toes in the small puddles that formed in her sandals. “See? Doesn’t that feel better,” she says with a laugh. Breaking away from the panting heavy cruiser, she bounces happily to the bathroom. Her sandals make a soft squishing sound with each step. Grabbing two towels, she tosses one toward Mogami and begins to wipe herself down with the other.

Mogami is still dumbstruck. “I...Uh...Thanks…” Mogami eventually stammers, barely catching the towel, “I never thought anyone else would enjoy this too. Let alone just...do that with me...or...to me” She dabs at her legs before turning her attention to the floor. Dropping the towel she slides it around with her dripping foot.

I-401 chuckles nervously. “Sorry, was that too forward? I just got really excited and wanted to join you.” She drops her own towel and begins helping to wipe up the floor. “I heard you running down the hall and was worried you were in trouble. When I got to your door it was still open a little so I just thought I’d check on you. Still probably should have knocked first.” Satisfied with her cleanup, she moves back to the bathroom and rinses out her towel. He hangs it up to dry and heads for the door. “Sorry to leave so quickly, but I have drills soon...but same time tomorrow?” Before Mogami can figure out if she’s joking or not, I-401 gives and wink and a wave before slipping out the door and heading back to her room.

Mogami attempts to collect her thoughts in the now silent room. Her head is a whirlwind. Am I really so lucky? Of all the shipgirls that could have walked in, she gets the one who not only understands her, but also joins her. Where did Shioi learn how to do all that? The way I-401 had touched and talked to her was something Mogami had only ever dreamt about. Realizing she’s still trapped in her soaking wet clothing, she finally undoes the shackle that caused this whole ordeal. 

The fabric clings to her legs as she pulls them off along with her socks and shoes. Bundling them with the towel, she tosses the lot into the sink. Did she really mean what she said about tomorrow? As surprising as the submarine's actions had been, Mogami had been desperately hoping for someone to share in her interest. The intrusion was out of worry after all so she could hardly hold that against her. Deciding the offer is most likely legitimate, Mogami excitedly turns on the shower for a much needed wash. Her heart and mind race at the thought of her suddenly much closer friend.

*001*2021-02-14 23:39

Chapter 2

Mogami struggles to fall asleep. Her day had been such an emotional rollercoaster that she still hasn’t fully processed it. Tossing and turning, her mind constantly drifts back to just what I-401 is planning. Am I getting in over my head, Mogami thinks to herself. Regardless, there’s no undoing what’s been done. The two are now connected through their shared secret. Finally, she drifts off into a light, restless sleep.

Mogami wakes at the crack of dawn. Looking at her clock she lets out a groan. Her first class isn’t until later in the afternoon. Squeezing her eyes shut, she tries to go back to sleep. It’s no use. Her mind is still racing from the previous night's events. Resigning herself to an early morning start, she slowly gets dressed and heads to the cafeteria.

Mogami barely passes anyone on her trip across the base. A handful of shipgirls with early morning patrols mingle about the cafeteria entrance, and a smaller handful who just got off night drills are heading back to their dorms. One waves to her, making her jump slightly. Returning the wave she heads inside and picks up a tray. Her excitement of the previous day has been tempered by a rough night's sleep. Now that one person knew of her secret, she worries who else might now. Maybe she hadn’t been as careful in the past as she had thought. Maybe it’s common knowledge that she does laundry just a bit too frequently for it to be normal.

Her cascading thoughts are broken by a soft chime coming from her pocket. Finding a secluded seat, she sets down her tray and fishes out her phone. A text from I-401: Blah I have a patrol this morning -.- want to hang out around noon by the docks? Mogami’s heart rate skyrockets. She really was serious. Despite the submarine’s forwardness, Mogami still has doubts. This could be a setup, some kind of trap to ruin her life. At the same time this could be her only chance at connecting with someone, instead of leaving it at a one time fling. Regardless, I-401 already knows about her, and if she was malicious there’s nothing Mogami can do about it now. Her shaking hands are barely able to type out her response: sure.

Mogami barely touches her food, too concerned with what she’d just agreed to. She has even less of an idea of what I-401 is planning than she had before. The only response to her text had been a deluge of emojis that gave no indication of her intentions. Eventually she gives up on breakfast and heads back to her room. Every person she passes seems to be staring at her. It's just nerves, she thinks to herself, subconsciously speeding up. It’s barely 8:00. She has no idea how she’ll distract herself until noon.

The hours drag by for Mogami. She tries to read a book or focus on some work. Anything to make the time pass faster. It’s no use. The previous night’s events fill her mind. I-401 pressing against her. Her fingers between Mogami’s legs. Their puddles mixing on the floor. Mogami blushes, burying her head in her hands. She listens to her bounding heart rate. The anticipation is becoming too much. She bites her lip and unbuttons her shorts. Sliding a hand under her waistband, she runs a finger over her now wet panties. Although they’re not wet in the way she’s fantasizing about. In a moment of clarity she quickly checks the door. This time it’s locked. Satisfied, she returns her focus to herself.

Time melts away for Mogami. Alone in her room, she dives fully into her fantasies. Things she once thought she’d never get to experience now a possibility. Her body aches at the thoughts racing through her mind. Before she knows it, the clock on her desk chimes out noon and Mogami is brought back to reality with a start. As her mind clears, she realizes she’s late for her long anticipated meeting. She grabs her phone and runs out the door toward the docks. On her way she sends a text to I-401. coming.

Mogami arrives at the docks out of breath. Her heart is racing, only in part due to her run across the base. Despite her excitement, a sense of worry still hovers in the back of her mind. Fantasies are all well and good. Now, in real life, standing at the docks and looking for I-401, her feelings of doubt resurface. She considers going back to her room and pretending nothing had ever happened. But how would she ever face I-401 again. Before her feet could get any colder, she feels a tap on her shoulder.

Mogami spins around, her heart once again hammering in her chest. She’s not sure who she expected. There stands I-401, grinning from ear to ear. The submarine throws her arms around Mogami. “I’m so glad you came!” I-401 tightens her hug slightly, adding “I was really worried that I scared you off or something.”

“O-oh, not at all,” Mogami replies. “In fact,” she gulps, “I’ve been thinking about it all morning.” She feels I-401’s hands slide down her back as she says this. They come to rest just above her rear.

I-401 laughs and says with a smirk, “Well I’m glad I had such an impact on you.” She pulls back slightly, leaving her hands where they are but giving herself enough space to look at the heavy cruiser’s face. A face beet red with embarrassment. Letting out another giggle, the submarine gives Mogami’s butt a quick squeeze.

“Shioi wait, not outside!”

I-401 removes her hands, adding with a wink, “Don’t worry, there's not many people around. And even fewer actually paying attention. Come on let's go sit by the water!” She reaches out again, this time grabbing Mogami’s hand and dragging her toward the far end of the docks.

Now far from the other shipgirls, Mogami begins to relax. She realizes this is her first time casually talking with the submarine. They’d had classes together and even the occasional patrol, but in all that time had never really sat down and chatted. I-401 is surprisingly talkative and very animated. Mogami has to duck repeatedly to avoid the submarine's arms as she throws them wide, simulating the size and sound of a torpedo hit with a vocal “bang.” She’s having so much fun that I-401’s next question throws her off guard.

“So why do you like it? Is it the holding or the letting go that really gets you going?”

Mogami reels at the sudden change in topic. Although she should have been expecting this question, the relaxed nature of their conversation had driven thoughts of the previous night temporarily from her mind. Now they all come rushing back. She blushes once again as she turns to look out over the sea. “Oh..um...I guess..uh…” Mogami stammers, fidgeting as she tries to find her words.

Noticing her change in demeanor, I-401 continues, “Sorry if that was too sudden. Would you feel better if I talk about it first?” The submarine doesn’t even wait for a response. “Holding can be fun but most of the time I like to just relax and let it go whenever I want. Or at least whenever I can get away with it. It just feels so free ya know? Really, I blame all the long solo missions the Admiral sent me on. Why go through all the trouble of taking off my swimsuit when I’m the only shipgirl for several hundred miles? The more I did it the more fun it became, until it was the main reason I looked forward to solo missions.” I-401 laughs. “I actually did it so often that it became a hard habit to break while on base. Had a couple of close calls during classes and drill, but managed to keep it mostly under wraps. At least until I found a couple others. Now we have our own little secret community.” She looks proud as she says this, puffing her chest out slightly.

I-401’s excitement over her hobby is infectious. Her blithe nature is enough to melt away any feelings of self consciousness. Finally finishing her monologue, the submarine looks expectantly at Mogami, who excitedly picks up the conversation. “Well, I don’t really have as good of an excuse as you do. I’ve just always kind of enjoyed holding for as long as I could. Setting challenges or time limits and stuff for myself. Maybe the pressure just feels nice, it’s hard to explain.” Mogami chuckles nervously at her meager explanation.

I-401 places her hand on Mogami’s. “No I completely get it! It’s not like I’ve never done those things too. There’s a satisfying fullness to it. Like you can’t hold anymore and it’s pressing on everything inside. Plus it makes the release so much better!”

“Exactly!” Mogami intertwines her fingers with I-401’s. Her hands are just as soft as she remembers. “Of course one day I eventually overestimated myself and, well, made a bit of a mess.” She hears an encouraging giggle and hand squeeze come from the submarine. “After that I realized that failing was more fun than actually making it in time. The feeling of my clothes getting soaked and just resigning myself to the relief. Not caring about the mess or humiliation.”

“It feels kind of naughty too, doesn’t it?” I-401 adds with a laugh. Removing her hand, she places it lightly on Mogami’s thigh. The heavy cruiser turns her head to hide her blushing face.

Mogami stammers slightly, “W-well, maybe a little.” She places her hand on the submarine’s, pressing it firmly into her thigh. “It’s not like I’ve never...enjoyed my situation before. But thanks to you I think I have a new appreciation for the feeling.” Turning her head, she leans in and kisses I-401. Her lips are as soft as the rest of her. The feelings from the previous night return in an instant. Despite their semi-public location, Mogami struggles to control herself. 

She wants nothing more than the submarine’s tan, beautiful body. The pair press deeper into their kiss. Using her free hand, Mogami coaxes I-401 into her lap. With the submarine now straddling her, she presses herself against I-401’s lithe frame. Though skinny, the tight swimsuit belies her strength. Tight cords of muscle ripple across her back. Toned thighs press against Mogami’s own as she slides her hands from the submarine’s back down to her tight buttocks. A tongue prods at the heavy cruiser’s pursed lips. Parting them eagerly, she lets out a muffled moan.

The moan ripples through I-401’s open mouth. She can feel the eagerness in the shipgirl wedged between her legs. Running a hand through Mogami’s short, brown hair, she uses it to press deeper into their kiss. More moans echo through the pair as her tongue probes deeper. The more their intimacy progresses, the more I-401 recognizes she’s reaching her limit. She pulls herself from their kiss with a visible effort. With her usual level of composure, she asks Mogami, “You didn’t happen to bring a change of clothes, did you?”

“Uh, no. Why d-oh I think I can guess.”

I-401 smiles coyly, “Yeah, whenever I get a little too into it I tend to make a bit of a mess.” Adding a wink, she begins to dismount Mogami. “Your clothes probably don't dry as fast as my swimsuit does and I don’t want to cause any issues for you.”

Mogami has to restrain herself. Every fiber of her being wants to keep I-401 on top of her regardless of the consequences. Of course the submarine is right. Even going as far as they did was more than she’s usually comfortable with. There's just something about her friend that lowers her inhibitions. Mustering her newfound confidence, she turns to I-401. “So, uh, are you gonna…”

“Yeah, you wanna watch?” I-401 laughs, standing up and spreading her legs slightly.

Mogami reaches out and runs a hand up the inside of I-401’s leg. “Wait, not yet. I was thinking we could keep hanging out.” Looking up into the submarine's eyes, she adds, “Maybe back at my room, just until dinner time.”

*003*2021-02-20 01:06

{{17 hours ago, Keita123 said:

That was wonderful! Please write more!

}}

Thanks! I have several more chapters in the works, but school is slowing me down. I don't do all that much writing so I'm glad you like it!

*004*2021-07-29 18:15

I'm vaguely still alive, so here's the next chapter. The part after is just a non-omo shower scene so if it's wanted and allowed I can post that too. Enjoy!

~~~

Chapter 3

Mogami and I-401 make their way leisurely down the pier. It’s a nice day for a walk in such good company. The warm sun contrasts nicely with the cool ocean breeze. Yet Mogami’s thoughts are turned inwards. She’d surprised herself at how far she was willing to go. When I-401 halted their fun, it took every ounce of Mogami’s restraint to not pull the submarine back into her lap. She feels a pang of regret. Ideas on how she could have snuck back to her room race through her mind. Still, the fear of being caught overpowers these, reminding her that she’s right to be cautious. She’s already been caught once due to carelessness, and it's unlikely she’ll be as lucky a second time. She shakes her head to try and clear these thoughts.

“You alright? You’ve been really quiet.” I-401 looks over at the heavy cruiser with mild concern. She reaches out and takes Mogami’s hand. Intertwining their fingers, she gives a gentle squeeze. “Getting nervous?” she adds with a giggle.

Mogami laughs, returning the squeeze. “Just the opposite, I can’t wait. Sorry we have to go all the way back to the dorms. I still can't imagine how you’re so comfortable doing this kind of stuff in public.”

I-401 replies, “Well it really helps that my swimsuit dries so fast. I just have to lay in the sun for a couple minutes and no one can tell. Plus I’ve learned of a lot of secluded spots that very few other shipgirls walk by.” She winks. “Maybe I’ll show you sometime, but come prepared.”

Mogami blushes. Her mind is once again torn at the thought. On her own, she would have never even considered such an act. But with I-401 suggesting it in such a direct manner it’s different. If the submarine could get away with it so often, why can’t she? Why constrict herself to her room, as she’d always done? A whole new world of experiences could be open to her. Her thoughts are interrupted by a slight wave of pressure in her bladder.

“I may take you up on that someday, but for now let’s hurry up.” Now it's Mogami’s turn to give a sly wink. “I’m starting to get desperate.”

Their trip across the base is uneventful. Mogami’s anxiety from earlier in the day is gone. She feels almost invisible alongside I-401. Finally reaching her dorm, she digs out her keys from her pocket. Her hand shakes slightly as she unlocks the door. The excitement she felt back on the dock is building once again. After letting the submarine in, she carefully closes and locks the door.

Mogami turns from the door and is immediately set upon by I-401. She’s pressed back against the wall by the sudden force, giving a startled yelp that quickly morphs into a moan. Their mouths press together as tongues once again intertwine and resume their interrupted kiss. Secluded in her room, Mogami allows herself to fully enjoy the myriad of sensations. The submarine's hands slide over her waist and to the small of her back, pulling the pair together. Mogami can't help but grind her hips against I-401’s. The added force only worsens her situation. Mogami winces, breaking away from their kiss.

I-401 grins. “What’s the matter?” she asks smugly. As she says this, she moves a hand to Mogami’s front and presses lightly on the heavy cruiser’s bladder. “Having trouble already? We just got started.”

“I told you I was getting desperate.” Mogami says, blushing, “Besides I haven't gone since this morning. And what about you? Miss ‘almost made a mess on me’.” With this she pokes sharply at the submarine's abdomen. I-401’s grin turns to a grimace, revealing the fullness of her own bladder.

The submarine replies indignantly, “Hey, that's not fair. Besides, you’re the one with all the holding experience. I just go whenever I want.” She turns her back on Mogami in feigned anger.

Mogami wraps her arms around the submarine’s waist, pulling her into a hug. In as seductive a tone she can muster, she whispers, “Well what's stopping you now? Didn’t you want me to watch?” She gently slides a hand between I-401’s thighs. The silky, tan skin is warm beneath her fingertips. Using her other hand she continues adding pressure to the submarine’s bladder. Her heartbeat quickens, pounding against the other shipgirl’s back in anticipation of what’s to come.

The mood is suddenly shattered by a chime from Mogami’s phone. Her eyes widen as she notices the time.

“Oh no, I completely forgot that I had class today. I’m already almost late.” She looks back at the crestfallen shipgirl. “But let's make it a little challenge. Neither of us can use the bathroom till we see each other again. Think you’ll be able to make it?”

I-401 considers this for a moment before saying, “Sure, I’m game. But if anything happens to your floor it’s not my fault.”

Mogami laughs as she unlocks and opens the door. “Don't worry, those floors have seen worse. I’d only be disappointed that I missed all the excitement.” With this, she slips into the hallway and makes her way out of the dorms.

Mogami arrives at her classroom just as the bell rings. Her mad dash across the base has done nothing to help her aching bladder. Now she faces a full hour in her worsening state. Maybe this wasn’t the best idea she thinks to herself as the clock above the board seems to slow to a crawl. For the second time today, the heavy cruiser finds herself agonizing over the passage of time. She tries to focus on the teacher. Today's class is history, something she usually finds interesting. But even this doesn't help. Her mind continually drifts to either the pressure slowly building inside her or the submarine stuck in her room. 30 minutes to go.

Minutes tick by as Mogami is forced to clench more and more muscles to maintain control. Crossing her legs or holding herself is out of the question. Such obvious signs of desperation would attract attention. There’s no way to explain her reluctance to excuse herself, and spoiling her evening fun with a visit to the bathroom is unthinkable at this point. So sits in her self imposed torment, both relishing and condemning her position. She can feel herself running out of time. 15 minutes to go.

Her attempts at remaining incognito begin to crumble. Before long, her legs are firmly crossed. she squeezes her eyes shut and bounces her legs slightly. Her hands grip the edge of her desk so hard her knuckles turn white. It’s all she can do to hold on against the flood building inside her. 5 minutes to go.

Mogami bolts from her seat the moment the bell rings to dismiss class. She sprints down the hall and out into the afternoon sun. Her dorm looms in the distance, seemingly miles away. Every step she takes puts undue pressure on her overly full bladder. The feeling gives her flashbacks to the previous day. Her frantic rush from the side gate to her room, terrified of anyone seeing her. Now she’s in the same position, but running toward the company of others. Or at least the company of a now very special shipgirl. She wonders for a moment how I-401 is holding up. If what she said about having a weak bladder is true, she must be in a worse state than her. Whatever the case, a stab of pain in her abdomen forces her to divert all attention on maintaining control.

She makes it to her room in the nick of time. A small leak dampens her panties as she shoves her key into the lock and twists. Opening the door, she fully expects to see I-401 mopping her floor, a sheepish look of apology and disappointment on her face. But to her surprise, the submarine is completely dry, albeit curled up on the floor. She looks up as Mogami enters and quickly slams the door.

“Oh thank god you’re back!” Her voice quivers as she gingerly pushes herself into a sitting position. “I haven’t had to go this bad in so long. But now that you’re back-“ she visibly relaxes, preparing herself for relief.

Mogami's heart pounds. The submarine's extreme desperation has temporarily distracted her from her own. Seeing I-401’s swimsuit begin to darken, she calls out, “Wait!”

I-401 grabs at her groin, struggling to stave off the relief that had just been so close. “W-what? Why? Mogami please, I really can’t-“ Mogami walks across the room and offers the submarine her hand. With a puzzled look, I-401 takes it and shakily rises to her feet. She winces as she straightens herself, asking, “Now what?”

Mogami walks her friend over to her desk and pulls out her chair. Despite her relatively calm look, she’d recovered from the sight that greeted her upon entering. Her mind has returned to screaming to just let go. Not yet she begs her own body. Just a few more seconds. She lowers herself onto the chair. It’s cold, polished wood on the back of her thighs sends a dangerous shiver up her spine. She pats her lap, offering I-401 a seat as well.

I-401, now realizing Mogami’s plan, smirks through another wince of pain. She turns, making sure to adjust her swimsuit in full view of the heavy cruiser. She slowly lowers herself onto Mogami’s lap. As she leans back, her weight squeezes a desperate moan from her friend.

“Now?”

Mogami wraps her arms around the submarine's waist, trapping her in her lap. She gently kisses I-401s neck and whispers, “Not yet.”

For the first time in what feels like ages, Mogami relaxes. The relief is instant. A soft hiss fills the room as her shorts begin to flood. The flow is helped by the added weight of the submarine in her lap, and quickly develops into an unstoppable torrent. It spreads across the seat of her shorts, trickling softly onto the floor. She releases a shaky moan and holds tighter to I-401, who in turn begins to squirm and cry out in desperation. Pressing her legs together, she allows her pee to gather between her thighs. As the wetness swells in Mogami’s lap, it spreads across the seat of I-401’s swimsuit. The increasing pressure on her stomach combined with the warm, wet feeling running across the back of her legs is finally too much for her.

“Ah, fuck it. You’ve asked for this.” The submarine joins her friend in relaxation. She spreads her legs slightly and allows herself to pour over the heavy cruiser. Her stream, barely contained by the thick material of her swimsuit, mixes with the puddle rapidly forming in Mogami’s lap. She places her hands on the arms wrapped tightly around her. They squeeze a little harder, strengthening her flow and causing her to shudder in pleasure. In playful retaliation, she shifts her hips back, pressing into Mogami’s abdomen. The hissing under her grows louder, the turbulence caused by it rumbling against the submarine’s rear.

“Oh god it feels so good.” Mogami relaxes her legs, allowing the already overflowing pool in her lap to cascade toward the floor. What doesn’t splatter around the chair legs rolls down her calves and fills her shoes. She happily wiggles her toes in their quickly flooding confines.

I-401 shifts suddenly, pulling herself free of Mogami's hold. She spins in the heavy cruiser’s lap, still peeing. Her stream flows wildly over Mogami’s thighs as she moves. Now facing each other, the pair admire their work. I-401 received relatively light damage. Her position on top means only her crotch and rear are soaked. Mogami is not so lucky. Her shorts have completely changed color to a dark, glistening brown. The front hem of her shirt now a deep shade of maroon. A constant shimmer on her groin reveals she isn’t empty either. The submarine runs her hands up her friend's chest until they come to rest on the neatly tied scarf of her uniform.

I-401 pulls the heavy cruiser toward her, locking lips and pressing their chests together. Mogami’s eyes roll back as the submarine's tongue slides into her mouth. She once again wraps her arms around her friend’s waist and holds her close. She can feel her shirt dampening from the new position, the warmth spreading across her stomach. She moans at the sensation, stifled by I-401s mouth.

Mogami shudders as she finally finishes emptying herself. Still riveted to the other shipgirl’s tanned skin, the stream running down her stomach and hips begins to slow to a trickle as well. Shortly thereafter, I-401 releases her own shudder, sagging against Mogami. Their excitement over, the pair sit in their embrace, listening to the soft drip of residual liquid falling from the chair into the sizable puddle sitting beneath them.

I-401 breaks their silence and their kiss. “I’m glad you made it back in time.”

Looking down at their combined mess, Mogami agrees, “I am too. I’m impressed you made it so long. Must have been cutting it real close.”

“Well it was one hell of a struggle to do so. But you’re one to talk! Just look at how much of a mess you are.”

Mogami laughs and nuzzles into the submarine's flat chest. “We should get cleaned up. Want to use my shower?”

I-401 pulls herself from the heavy cruiser’s lap. Her sandals make a light splashing sound as they come to rest in the puddle. She offers a hand to Mogami, saying, “Sure, but only if you join me.”

