Ideas of omorashi with magic

Author: Grilled_Tuna

*000*2024-05-04 06:29

Hi, this is my first time writing fiction. I've came up with ways of using magic to create omorashi situations. The story will be in perspective of a guy with somehow access to magic in modern world enjoying female per desperation.

If you're a moderator reading this please tell me how to get points and what do I need to do as I want to write and draw stuff but my introduction isn't even approved yet. Thank you in advance.

Chapter 1: I got a magic power

While I walk home from school. Passing a alley where a lot of girls use as emergency spot.

How did I know? First time my usual path is closed for maintenance. So I have to walk this path, Where I see a girl from the same school reliving herself, look up to see me and run away. I choose this path every day since and found that this is the perfect place for peeing. One way alley surrounded with unoccupied buildings.

This time, I see a girl with unusual clothing. She wear a long white dress. A cosplayer? No, there's no events around here. She walked funny and have hands between her legs. She clearly have to pee very bad. I followed her to the alley hiding from her sight. She wiggle around with desperation, look left and right to see if there's anyone nearby, and start pulling her underwear down with shaking hand.

Perfect time to strike, just as she thought she was going to be relieved. I casuallu walk out of the dark and look at her, pretend to be surprised.

"Ah, I'm sorry" and walk away

"Hey! You're misunderstanding! I'm not doing anything! I just see a cat and followed it!" She followed me trying to explain herself, She has fallen for my trap

"It's okay, I understand, there's no toilet nearby" I stalled

She keep following and trying to convince me for a while, Until her bladder reach its limit. She sits down and start wetting herself with red face and tears in her eyes.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry" I approach her.

She keep peeing until she can control her bladder again. "Please don't tell anyone about this" and give me a silver ring before flying away. Huh? Did she just fly? I got left with a ring as bribe and confusion.

But that's a good experience seeing a girl being very desperate and pee herself. Anyway I got home, take off my shoes and jacket, sit on the couch and try on the ring I was greated by my younger sister asking about the ring I am wearing. I told her I bought it from some random accessories shop and give her a cup of pudding she liked lately. She smiled and go eat it on the table.

I go up to my room, put my bagpack on the floor and open my pc. Start a new campaign mode of a MMORPG with my friend. My friend plays as paladin while I play as mage, since I already cleared as a knight. The basic tutorial for casting spells is just like your typical isekai anime where you imagine stuff and it becomes true. A pretty mage NPC is teaching me how to cast a spell, I just go with the flow.

"Close your eyes, Breathe in deeply. Imagine water start collecting in the air into a ball then open your eyes" I know I can just press E when she stops talking to cast a spell but I did it anyway. To my surprise there's a literal ball of water floating between my face and the screen. I almost panicked but able to flick my keyboard away before the water ball fall and make it wet.

"Holy shit I can cast spells!" I shout with surprise.

"Of course stupid, you're a mage" my friend replied.

Bonus: Test out new found power

After I finished playing. I go down to take a bath. I got into the bathroom to see my younger sister in front of me, top less with a panties. I don't get arouse by my own sister so I just tell her "mom make pasta for dinner" and went to bath.

I use fire to heat up the water and warm air to dry my hair, just discovering convenient of magic.

Then I got an idea. how about I use this power to enjoy my fetish? I put on my clothes and come join the dinner with my family. I wanted to test my magic on someone. My mom and dad is out of the question, so i choose my sister. First I try warming up her hand to find if it effect human, And it does. So I try to fill her bladder up, but there's a problem. If I blindly put liquid in he abdomen without knowing where's the bladder it might be very bad if I fill up the wrong organ.

Should I just go with the safe route and fill her mouth with water? No, that's too obvious. After a while I figured out if I can't see the the bladder, why the fuck not gave myself an x-ray vision. So I did(of course it's not literally x-ray since x-ray barely see the structure of the bladder so imagine it as the bladder got "highlighted" and can be see like a normal object through the body)

I look at my sister's bladder. It's still almost empty since she just took a bath. I try creating water inside it but I can't just violate 1st law of thermodynamic, I can't just create matter. So I slowly transfer water from a bottle to her bladder. I filled it to like 50%(I don't know cause the bladder volume is not absolute) she's still acting normal, so I press on. The bottle is empty, I can now tell that there's at least 500ml of water in her bladder. She starts acting restless but still on her seat. Her bladder is surely at around 80%. I keep putting in water until she can't endure the urge anymore.

She stand up "I need to go to the bathroom". Shame, her bladder still isn't full yet but she's going out of my sight. As last wave I put more into her bladder.

"MOM! I CAN'T OPEN THE BATHROOM DOOR" my sister shouted. I remembered I closed the door without unlocking so the door just lock with no one inside. I rushed to her knowing that last wave might make her wet herself. I see her bladder filled with water and her hand closing the urethra. I act like I'm fixing the lock for half a minute then unlock it with magic. She rushed in and take off her pants. After a while I hear her sights followed by noise of water hissing out her bladder

END Yippee! Thanks for reading!

*001*2024-05-06 20:45

I don't know if you guys will like me yapping about lore so I'll stick with mainly omorashi content for now. if you want to know something, Feel free to ask. I do have lore in my head

Chapter 2: liquid transfer

In the next morning, I came to school early, buy a big bottle of water and sit on the bench next to the field's bathroom (like the one in parks but in school field). I wave at my friend who's playing baseball, and use watching him play as a reason why I'm here. While looking for some girls to tease.

I found a girl with straigth brown hair drinking orange soda with bladder at around 70%. She is talking with her friends and act very normal. I start transferring water into her bladder until her posture changed at 95% she started moving around while talking. At 100% she clearly very desperate and make excuses to use the bathroom(100% means the usual limit that person holds. it can exceed beyond 100% but not very much since if normally your bladder hold just that, your bladder can't expand very much more) as she run pass me I fill her bladder up to 120%. But that's seems to be way too much. She stops moving and grip her crotch on the ground. I quickly pull the water back before she lose control then she sprints to the bathroom while leaking a little. She came out patting her bladder with relief.

Next, in the Math class at 10:30 am. I see Sarah(yippie finally a character with name) sitting next to me with a full bladder. She is a good student and shy girl. I know she never ask to go to the bathroom before, but she's really pushing her limit here, 99% with 30 whole minutes to go. This is not an omo fiction with "full bladder" from day to night. Her bladder couldn't possibly endure that much stress.

I ask her "do you have to use the bathroom really bad or something? you're shaking too much"

"N-No! I'm just...cold..." nice job, this is in the middle of April. Her decision is already getting stale.

I don't know how much exactly but her bladder is stretching very bad. She finally admitted she have to pee and ask me to help. I tell her to massage her bladder in a circle. "Isn't that will just put more pressure into my- you know? Bladder...". Yes it does, but I convince her to try. Finally, with desperation she start lightly rub her hand on her bladder. I cast heal on her bladder and reduce the pain of the bladder wall stretch. The urge though still present intensely. I could tell from her face that if it wasn't for 40 people in this room she'll absolutely let lose here and now.

After 15 minutes. she can't write a single word on her note, lay on her desk, holding her urine in tears. I saw a leak with x-ray vision, it's not just her bladder about to burst. It's literally the pressure of her internal organ pushing against eachother. Her white panties dampen with concentrated urine. She shudder with every drop leaked. I start the feel pity and relieve her bladder into my water bottle until the class ends. And I help her to the bathroom with magic

Alternate: Sarah route(mc interest in Sarah)

11:00 am. The class is over, it's lunch break. Sarah can't move her body. "Go away... I-I can't endure it anymore, I want to wet myself" she said with trembling voice and body. I waited until everyone leave the classroom. "Go away! I can't hold it anymore! I wanna pee...". Instead I approach her, she can't hold it? I can't either. I shut off CCTV and grab her up. She's clearly surprised and afraid. I seal her urethra and rub on her bloated bladder. She shout but I soundproofed the room. I put my hand up her skirt and feel the hot damp panties on her crotch. Her shouts slowly reduce into moans. At one point she just lose her power. I carry her to the male bathroom and put her on the toilet. She plead me to let her relieve it in the female's but after as little as 30 seconds she stopped and take off her panties, pleading me with her sight. And I unseal her urethra. She pees a lot and for a very long time

*002*2024-05-07 05:58

I'll just keep throwing in my ideas until I got to dry rank. And draw them later.

Chapter 3: hypnosis

I think about new way to satisfy my fetish other than forcing water in girl's bladder and watch them hold.

I don't really understand how this magic work so I don't know what I can do. Then my friend walks up to me and give me a can of cola. I forgot to eat lunch cause I'm busy thinking about girl pissing, fantastic. I thank him then go to the cafeteria. I still have like 20 minutes left so it's fine. With my buddy I sat on the table with our food. His meatballs look very delicious so I convince him to give me one. He likes it so he won't give me some. I really want to try it, my mind thinking about if he give me some.

"Sights. Fine, I'll give you some" then feed me one.

"Thanks" I gave him a sausage for return.

Why he suddenly changed his mind? I think about it and concluded that since magic can influence thing to my imagination, it also can influence people. Then I got an idea.

@hypnosis.

I finished my food and go buy a can of orange juice. Then I go back to my class. To total stranger the hypnosis would feel weird and not fluid (like thinking who's this guy giving me juice). So I find Sarah. She was heading to the class with her bladder just emptied not long ago. I give her the juice normally at first but she feel like receiving anything for free is bad. So I gave up and just make she feels thirsty until she take the juice. We headed to class. Sarah sit beside me on the back of the class. She tries making conversation so I go with the flow. With a guy interested in piss and a girl who doesn't know what the talk. The topic ended up becoming what happened before lunch. She keep talking about how much she needed to pee.

01:30 pm. After like an hour and a half. Diuretic start taking effect. Her bladder is at 90%, she told me she need to pee, then I hypnotize her into thinking she's not. Then she tell me it's just her thinking. I continue to chat with her for one more hour. The pressure inside her bladder starts to caught up. It's bloated a little from the amount of urine inside. She tells me she feels numb, ache and urge to pee on the front of her bladder.

"For real?"

"Yes, I think so. Why?"

"I think you're getting turn on"

"Eh? Really!? So this is how it feels like" she blushes and whimper to herself

With no mind to control. Her bladder starts to leak due to pressure. Her panties wet with urine and her skirt got damped. She noticed and tried to hide.

"You are wet?"

"No! I-I... just have to pee really bad it's leaking" accidentally correct lol.

"It's fine, just try think of something else"

With her bladder overflowing like that it wouldn't be much long until she can't control. So I tied her urethra with mana knot

02:00 pm. Her bladder looks dangerously big.so I take her to the bathroom, she got inside, after a while she comes out.

"There's nothing comes out" fuck, I forgot to untie her urethra

I said try again and let her pee. She came out telling me how much she peed.

"I've heard that when people get turns on they tend to forget the urge to pee" that's the only excuse I can think of...

"So that's why I feel my bladder ache..."

END

*004*2024-05-12 20:54

{{4 hours ago, omorashibot said:

The way to get point is to simply get upvoted by peoples.

Btw your story is quite nice,will you do more like this?

}}

Still waiting for approval~

