Tied Up With Morning Wood

Author: Guest thatgirlbella

*000*2016-06-30 02:16

Ryan opened his eyes, forced awake from a dream. The first thing he saw was his hard cock, but he didn’t feel aroused. He felt sickly and had a aching headache. But, worse of all was the pain in his bladder. His bladder was full.

Ryan tried to turn to get up and piss, but it was hopeless. He had been tied to the bed. After seeing he couldn’t leave he looked around, noticing that this wasn’t his room. This wasn’t even in his house.

Being unable to remember anything for the night before, Ryan assumed he had gotten drunk and met the wrong person. This would explain the headache, being in a strange house, and most of all his full bladder.

“Hello… is anyone there?!” Ryan called out. There was no response. “I would have been happy to piss myself while sleeping, but of course. The day I’m not at home is the day I don’t piss the bed.” Ryan mumbled to himself.

Ryan decided the best thing to do was to piss whoever’s bed this was. He tried but couldn’t get anything to come out. “GODDAMNIT! I’m too fucking hard to myself. I can’t loosen it being tied up and all.” Ryan cursed to himself, being in too much pain to see no one could hear him.

He tried even harder, but no matter how hard he tried nothing would come out. Ryan’s bladder begged for an emptying, but his dick just wasn’t having it. Thinking about it, Ryan knew his bladder wouldn’t be able to take it anymore and would empty itself if he waited. He laid there tied up, waiting for his bladder to empty or for someone to come home.

30 minutes passed by, with nothing happening. His cock was still hard, his bladder was still full, and no one had come home. Ryan wanted to explode with anger but the only person he could get angry at was the person who tied him up. That person wasn’t home so he would just be yelling at himself.

After waiting a hour and 45 minutes, finally something happened. A drop escaped his penis, and made it’s way down. Followed by a few more drips, then the faucet stopped. He decided to wait even more, seeing as a few drops escaped. It would only be an hour or two before his dick let everything out. Right?

A little less then 50 minutes later he began leaking. Each leak was huge, and rolled down and wet the bed. It was clear Ryan’s bladder was gonna overpower his rock-hard cock. Ryan sighed, hoping to get it all out soon. As the leaks got big the pressure got lighter.

5 minutes after the leaks started a jet stream of piss shot out, hitting the bed and the floor. The piss poured out of the tip, as the morning wood wilted and laid limb as the last of the piss leaked out.

“Well at least it’s over.” Ryan commented. His bladder was still in pain after holding it for so long, but it didn’t hurt as much as when it was full. A bit after he had emptied Ryan heard the front door being unlocked and opened, he thought of what would happened to him after his wetting would be discovered by whoever’s bed this was.

