Handcuffed (Todobaku)

Author: Guest Delete This

*000*2019-05-16 02:16

“That Damn Nerd!! Why The Actual Fuck did he handcuff us together!!” Bakugou Snarled. “I don’t know... Midoriya said something about us working together. We should probably go to the cafeteria and ask Midoriya if he can unhandcuff us.” Although Todoroki didn’t want to admit it he usually went to the bathroom before lunch and all of the water he had drank was coming back to haunt him. “What the hell makes you think deku will just undo these god damn handcuffs!! I’m going to ask somebody besides fucking deku!!” They asked most of the teachers to help them but most of them wouldn’t undo the handcuffs because they thought it was cute or it was a good teamwork exercise. Todoroki stopped right in the hall next to the bathroom.

“Damn it Icyhot keep walking!! Todoroki whined pressing his legs together tightly. “B-bakugou” He Blushed a lot he didn’t want to say that he had to pee but he really didn’t have a choice. “I-i Have to errr...”

“You have to piss it’s obvious.” the two entered the boys bathroom. todoroki whined again As he leaked a little bit. thankfully it didn’t make a wet spot on his uniform. He made his way to the toilet. bakugou stood outside the stall because they were still handcuffed. He quickly undid his zipper and whipped it out. The hot urine thundered into the toilet as todoroki moaned in relief. Bakugou was suprised At how much todoroki had to go. The stream lasted about 3 minutes before it tapered out and ended. “I-m done...” Todoroki said still sighing from relief. “Good now Lets go find deku!!”

