Raphael's Problem

Author: gargoyleguy

*000*2016-05-05 16:03

A weird little story I did a while ago for my Deviantart thing, and was bored enough to throw up here. Inspired by something I dreamed once. That happens a lot...

As Raphael slowly opened his eyes, he thought about the dream he just had. He dreamed he was a rock star in a hot-tub partying over the success of his latest album. Raphael was amazed at how realistic dreams were sometimes. Even though he was awake he could still fell the warmth of the hot-tub, and the wetness... and a weird familiar smell... His eyes got wide as he put the pieces together in his head. he leapt up, and scrambled out of bed. He then stood next to it looking down, and confirmed what he thought had happened.

"No... It can't be...," he tried to deny.

There was a giant wet spot in the middle of his bed where he was laying a minute ago, and the lower half of himself was wet. He'd just wet his bed. He started shaking in terror as so many thing went through his head. How it could have happened. The fact that it still did even at his age, and finally what his brothers would say if they ever found out. When they were little he always made fun of them for doing the thing he just did. They'd take their revenge on him, and never let him live this down. It wasn't until then that he realized how much he was panicking, and tried calming himself down.

As he wrapped his arms around himself to try and steady himself he felt cold, damp fabric. He looked down and realized he was still wearing the briefs he usually wore to bed. Now totally wet. He quickly pulled them off, and threw them at the wet bed with a cry of fear. He stood there and tried to figure out what to do next. As he did his wet body made him shiver a little. After what felt like forever to him he decided there was no choice. He had to sneak across the lair in the middle of the night to wash out his wet bedding and underwear, and just hoped no one would see him. This had never happened to him, and with a little luck no one would ever know it did happen. He bent over his bed, and quickly bundled everything he could up, grimacing every time his skin touched a wet patch.

When he thought he had everything, he crept to his bedroom door, and peeked out into the darkness. "I'm a ninja." , he thought, "This should be no problem for me." As he thought this however, he had an unsure look across his face. Raphael began his long trek to the laundry room. Trying his best to jump from shadow to shadow, and not make any noise. Now that he was out here, he realized that even if he was a ninja, so were all his brothers and Splinter too. If he made even one mistake, they'd find him carrying his soggy bundle, and there would be no way out of it. He'd have to confess that he'd wet his bed like a hatchling, and after that, he could kiss his tough guy image goodbye. He crept past Michelangelo's room, noticing that his bedroom door was open. Unusual for him, but Raphael didn't think he had the luxury of time for questioning. He approached the hall to the laundry.

He thought he was home free. All he had to do was turn the corner and go in, and erase his shame forever. Just as he did turn the corner however he banged head on into a shape wearing a dull orange mask in the dark. They both grunted, and fell to the floor backwards. Raphael dropped everything he was carrying in between them. Finally after the Michelangelo shape stopped groaning in pain it spoke.

"Uhh... Who's that? Who's there?" Raphael heard a tone of terror in his little brother's voice.

"It's just me Mikey..."

He tried to think of a way out of this. There was only dim light so Michelangelo wouldn't be able to tell by looking he was carrying wet sheets. Maybe he could still slip away without being discovered. He tried to play it cool.

" I couldn't sleep, so I figured I'd just do some laundry so it won't be a total loss."

"Oh sorry you can't sleep Raph. Here, I'll help you with these." He reached down to pick them up. He'd feel they were wet for sure.

"NO!!... I mean, you don't have to, I'll get these myself, just go back to bed okay little bro?"

"Uhh... Okay man..."

Raph knew he was suspicious of the tone he just used on him. He couldn't help it though. He probably shouldn't have panicked like that. With that the orange shape started to go in the other direction, and Raphael bent over to gather up all his embarrassing evidence. He started back towards the laundry again. He noticed Michelangelo was out of his room, but decided to ignore it. Not very ninja like he scolded himself. The bathroom was right next to the laundry room, he should have figured out what was going to happen in advance. Maybe he could have hid, and avoided Michelangelo all together. He decided though to stop beating himself up over it, and instead focused on how he'd gotten through it without being discovered. There was nothing that could stop him now. As he got into the doorway of the laundry room however, he heard a familiar voice from behind him.

"Wait bro! You forgot this."

Raphael turned in horror to see Michelangelo holding up a pair of briefs. He'd dropped it, and was in too much of a rush to pick them up. With a big smile on his face Michelangelo unfolded them and held them up. Raphael's face turned red, but not because they were his underwear, but for a different more embarrassing reason.

"Wow Raph. I guess I'm rubbing off on you. I didn't know you started wearing briefs like I do." He started to take a closer look at them.

"Yeah... I like to wear them to bed now..." Raphael barely managed.

"These are a really nice pair too, but you should watch were you leave them these are all wet, and why do they smell like...." he trailed off.

In the dim light Raphael saw Michelangelo's face turn into a look of horror.

"EWW! EWW! GROSS!!" He yelled as he threw them on the ground.

"Shut up Mikey! Do you want to wake the whole lair up?" Raphael managed to whisper.

Michelangelo's face then turned into one of curiosity. He couldn't believe what this meant.

"Raph...Did you... Did you really...?"

"Shut up or I'll pound you." Raphael threatened, but in the darkness he had tears of shame in his eyes.

He then felt a warm hand on his shoulder. "Hey bro... It's okay..."

Raphael looked shocked. This was the exact opposite thing he expected from Michelangelo. Especially since he was the one Raphael made fun of the most for his past bedwetting. Even more so because of all of them he was the one who wet his bed longer than the others. Finally Raphael managed to talk over his emotions.

"Why are you being so..."

"..Nice?"

Raphael nodded slowly.

"Well, it's because even though you made fun of me a lot when I wet the bed, you never did, so you didn't know how embarrassing it was. Now that you finally did, you know right?"

Raphael nodded again.

"Besides, brothers have to look after each other."

Raphael smiled relieved.

"Now go and get a shower, I'll take these into the laundry."

Raphael couldn't resist and hugged him.

"Thanks Mikey..."

"Woah, thanks bro, but you're still wet, so could you..."

Raphael let go embarrassed "Oh, right, sorry."

He turned into the bathroom. He hopped into the shower, and as he rinsed he went over what made him wet his bed so he could prevent it from ever happening again. Yesterday he'd worked out a lot, maybe too much because he drank a ton of water afterwards. Right before bed actually, that's when the dream happened, and he was in the situation he was in now. He made a note to never be so careless again, and finished. As he got near the door back outside he heard other voices from outside. They sounded like they were asking questions. As he exited and followed them to the laundry room he saw what it was. Leonardo, and Donatello had caught Michelangelo with his wet sheets, and were questioning where they came from. Raphael slipped into the scene from the back, but hid in a nearby shadow so the others wouldn't see him. Michelangelo saw him and got a pleading look on his face. He was being asked a lot of questions he couldn't answer.

"Who's sheets are those?"

"Are they yours? We won't be mad."

"You can tell us anything."

Raphael could barely watch. After Michelangelo stood up for him so much, now he was going through this. He wondered what was more important, his image, or helping out his brother. Slowly he started to open his mouth to confess.

"They're mine..."

It was Michelangelo who said it though, not Raphael.

"I'm sorry guys, I drank too much last night and wet my bed okay? I just wanted to clean it up before anyone found out."

Raphael was shocked. This was it he thought, They'd make fun of him for sure.

"Don't worry us like that Mikey... We know you still wet the bed sometimes, it's nothing to be so ashamed about..."

"Just wash your sheets, and go back to bed."

"Okay guys..." Michelangelo looked away embarrassed.

When the others left Raphael stepped out of the shadows, and came closer. "Thanks so much man. You didn't have to do that though, I was just about to tell them."

"It's okay, I didn't want you to feel any worse. I could see how much you were freaking out over it."

Raphael smiled at him, but then remembered what he just heard the others say.

"Wait... You still wet the bed..?" Michelangelo turned red and looked away.

"Yeah, only sometimes though... That's another reason why I confessed. I still have a history of it anyway, and no one would be surprised if it happened again..."

"Why didn't you guys tell me?"

"Because of how much you made fun of us before, they sort of hid it from you."

Raphael felt ashamed of his past, and stood up, and put his hand up in the air.

"I swear never again. Besides, now that it happened to me, I could never act like I'm so perfect right?"

"Right." Michelangelo smiled.

"Now go back to bed Mikey. You've done enough..."

"Thanks again Raph."

"I should be the one thanking you for all you did for me tonight."

The brothers waved their goodbyes, and Raphael was left to take care of his own laundry again. For the first time that night he didn't think he had to feel so ashamed of it.

