A massage session - part 2

Author: Guest Masseur5

*000*2022-05-16 12:17

Recap: After the first hour of a session that an acquaintance of mine had set up so he could watch me give his girlfriend Jane a massage, she asked if we could take a break. I assumed it was because she needed to go to the bathroom - and I did too. But I thought it could lead to an interesting situation if I tried to prolong things for a bit,. So:

“Let me relax you a bit more first” I suggested. “I think you’ll enjoy what I’m thinking of doing next if you can wait a few more minutes before we take a break.”

Her eyes widened but she was obviously intrigued because she nodded mutely, pressing her thighs tightly together as did so. She let go of her restraining hand on mine and I continued my gentle massage, working my fingers up her inner thighs as she relaxed and slightly parted her legs, revealing the v at their apex clearly outlined against the taut fabric that was pressing against that part of her anatomy. I noticed a darker damp-looking spot at the centre of the pure whiteness and suspected that her juices had started to flow as soon as she felt the touch off my hands on her body.

“I think it’s time to take these off” I whispered and, as if she’d been waiting for my cue, she raised her bottom off the bed to allow me to slide her underwear smoothly down her legs, revealing a tight smooth hairless slit that was glistening in the soft light that bathed the room. As if of their own accord, my hands crept closer to that inviting spot, taking their time and gently stroking her soft inner thighs with my fingers. Jane was obviously longing for my touch on the most sensitive part of my body and I could see her juices flowing more freely. Good thing I’d put those towels there! She raised her hips in the air as my fingers crept ever closer as if wiling them to touch her where she most wanted. Her eyes were closed and her face was flushed, her lips slightly parted as she tried to bring herself closer to my tantalising fingers.

Teasingly, I took my hands away and she opened her eyes and looked at me pleadingly as I heard Rod’s voice saying

“I want to see you licking her.”

I saw from Jane's expression that this was more than ok by her - in fact, it seemed it was exactly what she’d been hoping for as she allowed her thighs to fall apart to let me lower my head between them. And really, I didn’t need much encouragement to do as Rod had suggested.

He started to stroke his penis, obviously very turned on as he watched me flicking my tongue over his girlfriend’s clit while my index finger slid gently inside her soft wetness, curving it upwards. She sighed with obvious pleasure when the tip of my finger discovered her most stimulating inward spot, starting to move her hips up and down with increasing urgency, breathing heavily and moaning softly. I realised she was getting very close to having an orgasm. The sight of her mounting pleasure suddenly grew too much for Rod and, throwing off his dressing gown and standing beside the bed with his thick penis fully erect he said “I’ve just got to fuck her now”.

So we changed positions, with me sitting on the chair he’s just vacated and Rod wasting no time in sliding his dick into her soft warm slickness where my tongue and finger had just been, affording me the wonderful sight of a young couple in their prime having unrestrained sex right in front of me. There was no way I could resist stroking my own engorged penis as they get closer and closer to what seemed like being an almost overwhelming climax.Besides, they were so involved in what they were doing that they were probably hardly aware that I was masturbating while I watched them - though I think they were both turned on by the fact that they had an audience for their most intimate moments.

I was almost at the point of no return and about to cum in my briefs when Jane’s whole body tensed and they both stopped moving. She pushed Rod off her, sat up and said

“I really must take a break now. I need to go to the bathroom. Won’t be long.”

Rod rolled away reluctantly as Jane started to get up.

I was feeling really daring by this point so I reached over and put one hand on Jane's leg as I asked “Can you hold on for a few more minutes? It will help to ease the tension in some of the muscles I couldn’t get to before if you do. Besides, I know that some women discover that doing so increases their pleasure during sex. Maybe you will too. I’ve a way that may help you hold it in a bit longer. I think you’ll enjoy it but you can tell me at any point if you’d rather we didn’t go on. Want to give it a try?”

To be continued

