A Random Requested Question

Author: guber

*000*2023-06-06 05:56

Hello again, been a while since I wrote anything. Seeing as some people enjoyed my last story I figured I would post another. Let me know what you think.

Today, I got sent a very random, personal, question about something embarrassing in a very public way. I’d paused involuntarily as I read the question to myself. Glass with a light-brown spirit in it held halfway between my mouth and the table, a sip frozen in time. I tried to keep my face in neutral curiosity, better for the camera that way. I suppose here I should stop and provide some details to you, dear hypothetical reader, as I recount this story. Well, stories.

My name is Melinda, but you may know me as Pigtail Paintbrush, an art streamer on YouTube. I started streaming when a friend wanted to see what I was working on, and she invited a couple of other people to watch. For some reason, a few of the others kept coming back almost every time I updated my friend and soon, we had a small little community who loved to watch me draw, paint, and make a general fool of myself. As a joke, I gave them a goal of getting me to one hundred subs, which I thought was ludicrous for what I offered, and I would start streaming with a camera pointed at my face beginning with a Q&A session. Well, by the power of the internet, they got the one hundred, and so I showed my face and did a little Q&A It was really fun, so it became a tradition with the group for the final stream of the month.

I suppose I should describe myself here, or at least as much as you could infer from seeing me on camera and hearing me talk. I’m a girl in my mid-twenties, but I can definingly pass for a little older based on how often I get carded. I’m short enough that the half-inch in my high is important. I’ve never been considered skinny; curvy would be what I’d call myself if you pressed me on a good day but the one time a guy called me thicc I ended up going on a couple dates with him so take from that what you will. To me, my boobs and butt are nicely proportional to my general body shape, but I haven’t ever heard them called small, quite the opposite. I have blue-grey eyes and have actually stuck with my natural dark crimson hair for a while. There are photos of it dyed a truly my-father-didn’t-pay-enough-attention-to-me shade of purple to give you an idea of where it has gone.

On stream, I’m typically dressed like I am normally. I’m sure by this point I’ve cycled through most of my non-specialist wardrobe on camera. I don’t keep up with the trends, basically everything I have comes though Nordstrom Rack or a department store. Tops are generally a tank top of varying color with some sort of layer on top, mostly weather appropriate, or a more casual button down. My bottoms are basically all denim, traditional jeans, skirts, overalls in various washes and shades. I do possess more business-friendly and formal stuff; I only wear it when I need to.

Anyway, let’s get back to the story. For these Q&A nights, we typically did the questions as a group. Ask something and everyone in chat gets a chance to respond. You know, community building stuff. Sometimes I’d take questions about myself just to ground everyone in “Yes, you are all here watching me and I’m still waiting for you all to determine that you do in fact have better uses for your time.” These questions typically come via direct messages, so I can ask for any clarification or maybe dodge around anything to sensitive. The question which our story begins with came from PlataRhino23, who was part of the second wave of people that found the channel. I knew he was a guy around my age and was somewhat active with the group. Clearly shy but trying to be a part of things. The question caught me off guard coming from him, not in a creepy way but with how bold it was.

@@platarhino23: How long has it been since you peed your pants and why did it happen?

I knew right away that answering that question truthfully would be far too embarrassing. I thought for a second, then said out loud “Well, this is a random question. Let me clarify something really fast before I answer.” Then I typed back

Pigtail Paintbrush: That’s really random, how did you come up with that :P

PR23: Not sure, just jumped into my head and stuck there.

PP: So I’ve got a confession, it’s a lot more recent than you think. I’m still pretty embarrassed about it. Would you be ok if I reworded it to be about a time I peed my pants, one that I can give a great retelling of without totally dying of cringe?

PR23: Absolutely, that’s fine with me. Sorry, I didn’t mean to embarrass you. :(

PP: No harm, no foul. One story about me needing a change of pants coming up :D

I smiled at the screen and took a small sip from my glass, some liquid courage if you will permit the terrible joke, then turned to face the camera again.

“Ok, so I hope you folks appreciate how random this is. That said, I’m sure it’s a really funny story to hear. So the question was “What was the most memorable time you peed your pants?”, now before I answer that, a vibe check for all of you. Put a 1 in the chat if you have peed your pants after you turned eighteen, and a 2 in the chat if you have peed your pants within the last two years.”

A handful of 1s with a couple 2s and 12s sprinkled in pushed the previous conversation out of the window. I made a show of pretending to count.

“So it seems some of you have decided to tell the truth today.” I smiled and laughed. “Ok, enough of that, don’t need anybody steeling my thunder because boy do I have a good one for this question.”

I leaned back in my chair a little bit to take the strain of getting close to the screen off my back.

“Do any of you have one of those friends in your life who just never calls you out of the blue unless something crazy is going on? I do, for the sake of this story lets call her Kathleen. So one day, say about two years ago, I’m on my way home for work and I decide to stop and get myself some chocolate because I had a very long day. Pulling into the convenience store, finding what I wanted, paying for it, and getting back on the road took maybe five minutes. Now, because I just wanted to get out of the office I hadn’t went to the bathroom before I left, but even with stopping I knew I would be fine getting home, even though I was getting really desperate.”

A quick glance at the chat showed a couple messages along the lines of: I see where this is going.

@@“So I get home, park the car, grab my stuff, and head back to my apartment. By the time I get the door open, I know the first thing I need to do after dumping my purse and candy on the kitchen counter is go to the bathroom. I’m doing a major potty dance, but I’m perfectly dry at this point. All of this is to say, I’m right on the tipping point of it being in the zone of where wetting my pants is possible. Any delay beyond this point means the chance that I spring a leak is non-zero. Had I still been at the convenience store, we would have had a problem, but I was at home, feet away from the toilet and sweet release. Then my phone rings, it’s Kathleen. The last time she called me out of the blue had been for a someone-is-literally-dying level event, so I answered it, figuring it would be a quick enough initial conversation about whatever was going on then I could excuse myself for a couple minuets to pee. I was home alone, who cares about doing a crazy potty dance when nobody is around as long as it means you don’t wet you pants.”

Chat largely agreed with me, with at least one objection.

“So, I put the phone to my ear, of course willing to put my bladder control to the test to comfort my friend in what surely was a moment of dire need of a different kind. Before I can even get out a hello, Kathleen’s voice explodes out of the speaker, bursting with joy and excitement, two emotions I was not expecting. I’m so startled by this, because Kathleen is also practically shouting into the phone, that I lose a spurt of pee into my pants. Its not much, maybe slightly above not getting a chance to wipe as far as how damp it felt, and there was nothing on my jeans. The problem was this sent my desperation into overdrive. I needed to get to the toilet immediately, or I was going to start leaking more pee into my pants.”

“It turned out that Kathleen’s boyfriend had just proposed to her. She was so happy that she just had to call everyone and tell them and she wanted to make sure I knew before it hit social media. Kathleen launches into the retelling of the event, that girl was not pausing to take a breath, let alone allow me a word in edgewise beyond the occasional “Kathleen…”. I know I’m in trouble at this point, I can feel another leak is about to happen. I’m crossing my legs, grabbing myself with my free hand, suddenly quite aware of just how tight the waistband of my jeans were digging into my bladder. Yet Kathleen, bless her, will not put the brakes on her story.”

“Then it happens chat, the beginning of the end. I leak for a solid two or three seconds before I can reestablish control. The hand in my crotch is on wet denim, if I pull it out to look at the damage its over and I’m going in my pants. I guess it was maybe a softball sized wet spot at this point. I tell myself that if I don’t get Kathleen of the phone in thirty seconds I don’t stand a chance, I’m going in my pants. The Kathleen story train was not stopping. Try as I might, there was just no opening for me to interject “Girl congratulations but I need to call you back in a couple minutes or you owe me a new pair of jeans.” I felt the end approaching, the same feeling that lead up to the leak was building past that point. There was no stopping it, I was going to pee.”

“Chat, I fought to the bitter end. I squeezed everything I could while knitting my legs together like a pretzel. That bought me a few seconds more but it was far too late. Even if I got Kathleen off the phone, I would still have to get to the bathroom and undo my pants and pull everything down. I felt the last bits of my control slip away as my bladder emptied into my jeans. Almost immediately pee is splashing onto the floor, and believe it or not, this is what finally gets Kathleen to pause her story.”

“Hey Pigtail, are you washing dishes or something?”

“No, not washing dishes. Though I will be doing some laundry later.” My reply coming over the hiss of pee against my jeans and streams into the puddle around my feet.”

“Ok, but why do I hear water running?”

““Because Kathleen,” I began not trying to hide the embracement in my voice. “You caught me right as I walked in the door, and I really had to pee.”

“O nooooo Pigtail!” Kathleen replied, at least she picked up on what happened right away. “I’m sorry, I was just so excited to tell you. Call me back later, ok?” I replied in the affirmative.”

“So, chat, you want to guess what happened next time I saw Kathleen in person?” A few guesses populated the chat window. “Well, nobody got it right. She slipped me a box and told me to open it when I got home. When I did, inside was a new pair of jeans to ‘replace’ the ones I’d wet. Additionally, she had a note that said she felt so bad that she wanted to make sure I would never feel embarrassed about it, so had included a written account of every time she could remember wetting her pants. Let’s just say that I don’t feel bad about how many times it happened to me.” As if to signal the end of the story, there was a chime from an appliance.

“Ok, so now that I’m completely embarrassed, time for some of your stories. Send them to me and I’ll read them out.” We then moved on, having a good laugh at others misfortunes. Overall, another successful Q&A stream.

It’s here, dear hypothetical reader, that I should tell you why I didn’t answer platarhino23’s original question. You see, while based off that story you might think my last accident prior to that stream was a matter of months, it was not. Nor a matter of days. You see, it was a matter of hours. The ding sound was my dryer. My dryer containing a load of laundry that contested of one towel, a pair of socks, ironically enough the jeans Kathleen bought for me, and one pair of panties. The jeans, socks, and panties that I had worn when leaving the apartment that day and had on when I home frantically unlocking my door. The clothing I had on when I closed the door and realized that I was not going to make it, I was going to wet my pants. Little raw to tell that story in full today, maybe someday I’ll be able to look back at this accident and laugh about it as well. Still doesn’t top Kathleen’s phone call though.

*002*2023-06-07 06:15

{{19 hours ago, StarCommand said:

Awesome story!!

}}

Thanks, glad you enjoyed it!

