A little short story about a delicious cycling accident

Author: GoldenGirl500

*000*2024-08-27 03:31

Sort of based on a true story!

This is about my crush so I've anonymised it for his privacy!!

It's based on a pic he posted from his trip where I can see for def he has wet his cycling shorts (quite a lot OMFG!!) but I'm pretty sure he did it on purpose (which I love!!!) but I felt there was more of a story to be had if I made it accidental.

F*** was out on a group cycling trip one day in the mountains. He had had rather a lot of coffee about an hour before and suddenly he needed to go to the toilet. It wasn't long before he began to get really desperate, the coffee suddenly having an effect which was building very quickly. But it was all open land, there was nowhere to go, and there were no cafes for miles. He really couldn't just go by the side of the road because he was with other people. So he tried to hold it as best he could, but before long he was squirming in his seat. The urge to go was getting too strong for him.

Poor F***! He started to sweat form nerves and desperation, in addition to the exertion from cycling. He knew that any minute now he could lose control, especially as he had to keep his legs moving and couldn’t squeeze them together. Every time he moved his legs apart he felt it almost about to gush out of him. Then the group saw a landmark and wanted to take some pictures. F*** was very desperate at this point but decided to get a picture taken because he loves posting his adventures on Instagram. He managed to get off his bike and walk over without incident but he walked carefully and slowly and rather nervously. 'Must. hold. on!!' He urged himself. He stood and posed by the sign while they took pictures of him. 'You look rather uncomfortable F***,' they said. 'Try to relax a bit more!' So he tried to smile as best he could, but then in order to try and look less rigid, he made the fatal mistake of moving his legs apart. And that’s when it happened.

He suddenly felt a warm gush of liquid in his pants. OH NO!! The unthinkable had happened! And there was nothing he could do to stop it!

Poor F*** looked down helplessly as the wet streams gushed out between his legs and poured down them in torrents, making little splashing sounds on the ground. But the relief was so intense that he groaned and suddenly he realised he was really enjoying it!! The sudden rush of warm golden piss in his pants felt deliciously naughty and forbidden. He went for a long time, hissing loudly as he went because he was so desperate, making a big pool on the ground between his legs. He didn’t care what anyone else thought anymore, it just felt so good to finally relieve himself, right there, in his pants. 

He didnt even try to control it anymore. He just groaned with pure ecstacy as he surrendered himself completely to this forbidden pleasure and allowed nature to take its course, unhindered by any reservations he might have previously had . He didn't care anymore that everyone could see. The warm wet streams pouring down his legs made him gasp and he felt a thrill of excitement as he flooded his shorts completely. He thought he was nearly done, but gave a sudden sigh of pleasure as he felt another little surge that shot out in a stream between his legs. The ground beneath him was now soaked. As he felt the last few spurts drip down from his soaking wet cycling shorts he began to get rock hard and started leaking again. He couldn't touch himself but it wasn’t long before he groaned and emptied his load into his shorts, several times. So now he was really wet!!

Follow topic

Moderator Options After posting...

Hide topic

*001*2024-08-27 18:57

Oh and in the actual real life picture he has a BIG smile on his face!! Not sure if he'd only just done it before the pic was taken (but not there because the ground between his legs was dry) because Ive heard that lycra dries fast and you can still see where its wet in the pic

