Coffee

Author: GraceWets

*000*2016-05-13 01:39

Hi all! My name is Grace, and I'm pretty new here. I thought I'd upload one of my first/recent omorashi stories, constructive criticism is welcome. If there's enough interest, I have some other stories to share in the future (including some non-fiction), so let me know! Hope you enjoy!

(Just a warning that this has some humiliation themes, so if that's not your cup of tea, sorry!)

Coffee

There were only two more hours at work, Jessie had to remind herself that. But as the only one left on staff after her boss had called in sick that morning, she didn’t even have an opportunity to take a break. At noon, she had finished her third latté, and by two she had had two more espresso shots. Staying awake at work was always hard on a Monday morning, but today was particularly hard. She had spent the entire night up studying and rushed to class at 8 am only to find the test had been postponed ‘til next week.

Jessie squeezed her thighs together tighter, “Next order please?” she squeaked.

A tall man stood in front of her, Jessie might have thought him attractive if she weren’t otherwise preoccupied. “Medium, dark roast.” He grunted, and she shuffled off to get him his drink, trying to move as little as possible. She could feel the nearly 2 liters of liquid sloshing around inside of her, and wished there was more than a thin layer of Victoria Secret underwear and a pair of nylons between the air and the flood waiting to be unleashed.

Returning to the front counter, she handed the man his coffee and took his money. In the second between him leaving and the next customer approaching the counter, she glanced down and saw something that made her heart skip a beat—an ultra-absorbent cleaning towel, fresh and waiting to be used at closing time, was neatly folded beneath the register. She thought about it for a moment, could she find a way to surreptitiously slip it into her nylons and against her quivering pelvis? Might it function like a diaper, maybe even better? She dashed the thoughts from her mind, she knew if she focused she would be able to get through the day without wetting herself or resorting to use a diaper like someone who couldn’t control their bladder.

“What would you like, ma’am?”, She managed a pained smile, the woman requested a chai latte and she went to make the drink. Feeling the warm cup against her palm made her bladder clench, and a shiver went through her body. Without warning she felt herself release slightly, and a thin spout of urine sprung from her panties, spattering a few drops onto the floor. She could feel a tiny stream of piss running down her inner thigh, but she was able to clench her bladder shut. She involuntarily grabbed her crotch, feeling her damp underwear between her fingers. Her cheeks were growing red, but she knew that from behind the counter the customers could not see what was going on. She knew she needed to keep serving them or they would find out, so she waddled back to the counter and handed the lady her drink, trying to keep calm.

As the woman took it, she looked concerned, “Everything alright, hun?”

“Yes just—“ Jessie clenched her thighs together again, “Give me a second…”

She ducked beneath the counter and grabbed the towel, shoving it against herself tight inside her panties and nylons. Her crotch bulged with the thick fabric, but it made her feel safer, just a little security, she thought.

She came back up and gave the woman her change, the woman looked confused but didn’t say anything as she walked into the seating area of the café.

A girl with dark clothes, a half-shaved head and snakebite piercings through her bottom lip came up to the counter, “I need a half-pound of Columbian Light Roast, fine grind.” She snapped, and Jessie’s face went pale. The coffee the girl wanted was at the top of the back shelf, up a tall ladder right in front of the customers. She could feel her spasming bladder and sensitive opening against the towel, and she knew she wouldn’t make it up and down before her body released its flood.

“Well? Make it quick!” Barked the girl, glaring at Jessie.

Jessie turned towards the ladder and looked up at the tin of coffee the girl had requested. She sighed, this make-shift diaper better work, she thought, and she took her first step upward.

Immediately she was forced to stop her climb and clench her bladder shut. A shock went through her entire body as the pressure inside her increased. She could feel the opening wet with piss, but none had come out yet to soak the cloth, it was still dry against her pussy.

She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and took another step upwards. The girl with the shaved head jeered at her, “What’s wrong, can’t climb a stupid ladder?”

Jessie’s brows furrowed, focusing as hard as she could, she climbed the next three steps quickly, and she was almost at the top. Suddenly she heard laughter, the girl below her was looking up at her legs below the edge of her skirt.

“Wow, did you fucking piss yourself? I knew you were dumb, but I didn’t think you were a BABY.” She slapped her leg, cracking up at the joke and Jessie’s misfortune. Jessie’s face turned dark red and she felt humiliated. With her last bit of courage, tears threatening to burst forth like the gallon of liquid inside her, she rushed up the last two steps, hoping as hard as she could that she could keep her piss from pouring out and into the towel. At the top rung, the laughter below her became louder, and she heard the cackles of two other customers join in.

“Are you wearing a DIAPER?” the girl cried, almost unable to contain herself, “I knew you were a baby, I bet you wet yourself all the time! I bet you can’t even control it so you have to wear that to stop yourself from soaking your panties all the time. I bet you even like it.”

Jessie listened to the taunting, tears sliding down her face. Suddenly, her heart sank even further, her bladder squirmed and she grabbed hard at herself to press the cloth over her opening, nearly losing her balance on the ladder. It was no use, the floodgates opened and she felt herself releasing a stream of hot piss into the thick towel. At first it absorbed the warm liquid, holding it close against her quaking pussy. After a moment the cloth became heavy, filled with her pee—then it began to feel wet in her hand. She could feel the yellow liquid soaking through her underwear. The crowd below her was now silent, staring up at her stained underwear.

Finally, it began to drip, the stream running down her legs and spattering on the floor below. She couldn’t stop, the harder she clenched the harder the pressure of the stream. The contents of the morning’s coffees emptied itself onto the floor below her in a gushing waterfall between her legs. It was the most relief and also the most embarrassment she had ever felt at the same time.

The stream took nearly a minute to pour to the ground and out of Jessie’s trembling bladder and as it fell the girl with snakebites started laughing again. By the end of the stream she was cracking up, holding her stomach, doubled over with laughter. Then suddenly she stopped. After only a moment, Jessie knew why. A wide dark stain appeared across the girl’s pants, then steadily began to pour to the floor, creating a puddle nearly the size of Jessie’s.

The girl’s friend beside her nudged her and said, “Knew you shouldn’t have had those 3 beers before lunch…”

The entire café erupted in laughter, the girl spun on her heel and stormed out the front door, her friend cackling in tow. Jessie came slowly down the ladder and stood at the bottom, utterly bewildered, with her panties and nylons soaked all the way down to her shoes. She grabbed a “Wet Floor” sign from the cabinet next to the register and placed it over the spill then sighed and called out, “Alright guys, I think we’re going to close early today."

