Complete Accident Under Complete Control

Author: garageguy

*000*2018-08-19 23:41

Something like this was once done, themed in the future. But I didn't read the rest, so I don't know how much they will be alike. In this case, SPOILER: guys get snobbed unjustly by some of the cuter girls in school, but gain posession of a pee remote. You can guess the rest. I need to go eat right now, so sorry.

*001*2018-08-20 01:09

Err, okay. Somebody negative voted that. The question was wether they disliked the idea, mistakenly believed that I haven't written anything yet because I was just trying to diss them, or just being a jerk. Whoever you are, please tell me why you did that. It cost me an entire reputation point, and that's 50% of my first time ever positive reputation. It hurt.

To be on the safe side in case they didn't like the story idea, I will discontinue writing and headcanons until I receive further information.

Basically, to any user viewing this topic, if you want this story, upvote the above post.

*006*2018-08-20 17:11

EVERYONE MISUNDERSTOOD!

I wasn't intending to stop there at all. I was going to write some, but then realized I had already missed half of supper. I'm not begging for votes, nor strictly complaining about downvotes. I was complaining about downvotes without explanation, but that was really my fault since my original post was confusing. I'm sorry.

To clarify:

It was not a suggestion.

It was meant to be the prelude, but I had to leave.

I had full intentions of writing some once I got back, but I wasn't sure why they had downvoted it, so I didn't. This is because awhile back I got banned for posting about dangerous or harmful activity, and it happened during a period in which I might have been able to retract in time if I had had a chance to visit the forum. That one downvote yesterday had cost me an entire reputation point. I had just gotten out from under the ban warning points, and I didn't want to go under again.

I will try to write some now, but I may have to leave again.

After taking time to review the post and making edits: it sounds like lunch is about to start. Oh, drat.

*007*2018-08-20 17:17

I am trying intellectually not to be manipulative, though I may still be being so. Ahead of time I'm sorry. I have to leave, but I intend to try and write some later. I have now lost a total of six reputation (not downvotes, reputation) points on this forum topic. One more and I am going to make the smart choice and do everything I can to delete this topic.

