Hiding Spot [Yuppie Psycho Omorashi Fanficiton]

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-03-21 18:36

He never got a break, not even one, not in this hellhole that masqueraded as an office building. Scrambling in the dark with nothing but a flashlight in his hand, not running even as the...monster crawled behind him on four massive hands like some sort of fever dream nightmare. Frantically trying to slap that button into the wiring and press it, those cubicles finally moved, getting out of the way for him so he could see down the dark tunnel that would...somehow lead out of here for him.

He could hear it, the D.O.T Matrix coming closer, the flashlight in his hand wavering with his shaking limbs, not letting him look away from the dim glow of it, the hands moving so unnaturally...What little amount of confidence he had after finally solving this puzzle was broken, he couldn’t take this anymore, the beam of light flickering over the monster, his own hand unable to be steady as his feet moved. Forcing him to run, alerting the monster, but he was already gone, breaking out into a place more well-lit, his footsteps slowed to a stop, Brian’s chest heaved, gasping for air, his slim body not built for all the running he was forced to be doing as a hunter...How had it only been a handful of hours in this hell of his?

Brian’s eyes went wide, the tremble that never seemed to leave his shoulders, arms...knees, making him shake as he looked up at this mountain of appliances, lockers, and wires. He couldn’t go around this, he’d have to find another way, maybe risk getting attacked by an overworked office worker, and climb a cubicle wall? He tried to calm himself, taking the moment of silence to flick off his flashlight, turning back into the area with the D.O.T Matrix...Maybe it had left knowing it’s prey had escaped?

Two steps, the sound of his cheap shoes hitting the tiles before again he heard it, the sound of a screeching dying printer, scrambling at him, beeping angrily at him like he was somehow the cause of all its problems. His fingers loosened around his flashlight, tightening just before he dropped it sweat soaking his underarms, before he turned...Without hesitation he went spelunking into the odd nest, the absurd thought flashing to the forefront of his mind as he scrambled behind some wires, an old filing cabinet casting its shadow on the man.

Was this its nest?

No that is absurd, it’s a machine! Right? His breath felt so loud, like it would give him away at any minute, and he forced a hand to go over his lower lips, covering his nose as his vision blurred, tears gathering at the corner of his eyes. Fear was his only friend most of the time, now he was even scared he lost Kate.

The sound of a printer, one that seemed to have the world’s worst paper jam came closer, finger nails off giant hands scraping the floor and making Brian tense, his muscles spasming from just how tightly he held them. He was so scared, so so scared of dying for this witch hunting cause.

Brian couldn’t close his eyes, the flashlight slipping from his fingers and hitting a bundle of wires, before rolling onto the tile and hitting his shoe. It was a soft noise, the softest, but what he knew fucked him was the tiny teary gasp he made. The machine, too massive to be anything but another nightmare came to life paused in its gait, the buttons on its ‘face’ beeping, changing color, as it changed direction. It had only just barely come inside the nest, but now it was facing his hiding spot. Moving slowly it came towards him, glowing lights shining a thin shaft on his face as his knees trembled.

Warmth gathered in his stomach, and he didn’t know if he was going to puke or pass out, he couldn’t...He couldn’t take this! He was so scared! Why wouldn’t anyone come to save him? His knees pressed together, his ankles moving apart, yet Brian still couldn’t close his eyes. Tears overwhelmed them, and slipped down his cheeks, dripping onto his soft blue blazer, darkening little spots on the fabric.

Brian felt more than that liquid on himself, and his eyes went so wide he was sure they’d pop out of his skull for a split second, his other hand, free from its burden, pushed itself between his thighs feeling the warm wet heat.

‘No...notnow...please...pleaseplease...not now’’ It was a mantra inside his head, the issue he had been hoping to avoid all day finally coming back to haunt him. He had hoped he’d have one day, just one where he didn’t have to be scared of pissing himself, not on his new job..not on his first day.

His hand squeezed himself, fingers trembling as he pressed his other hand’s palm harder against his own lips, his knees pressing together in the hopes of keeping himself from wetting, he should have worn protection...but he had been so scared of someone seeing it through his pants! His first day was such a mess, and now...so was he.

The D.O.T Matrix came closer, the box of the printer pressing against wires as something loudly creaked underneath them, something Brian hoped to god wouldn’t be another awful nightmare. As the machine got closer, Brain gently shuffled backwards, his shaking back touching more wires, the wall of the nest, warmth that felt like a fire gathering lower and lower in his stomach, promising him it could make him feel better..like the liar it always was when his body betrayed him.

He drew in a breath, trying to calm himself down...but it was too harsh, too loud, the D.O.T Matrix reached out its metal arm, slipping it through the small gap in the wires to reach out of him, and...his body just simply couldn’t take the strain, the tension...the fear he held in his body.

Rivulets of yellow ran down the soft blue fabric, making him whimper, a sound the D.O.T heard, he knew it heard, but at this point that metal arm driving itself into his skull, taking away all the pain and fear sounded kind of nice. The suit’s color darkened down one leg of his pants, soaking all the way down to his shoes, gathering on the tile as he let out a muffled sob against the palm of his hand, his eyes finally closing as the shadow of that thin metal arm came closer to him.

The fabric couldn’t hold much more than his initial stream, and he cried into his hand, whimpering and sobbing, eyes squeezed closed, as the liquid streamed harder from the fabric, pittering to the floor, the sound mixing with the heartbeat he seemed to feel in his ears. The golden puddle rippling as he dared to peak open his eyes, wanting to see why the D.O.T hadn’t killed him, spilled his blood so his coworkers could find him the way he deserved to be found, bloody in a puddle of his own piss...He was so pathetic…

The arm was wavering, static charges jumping from the metal an inch from his face, making his trembles and sobs that much worse. The poor little witch hunter couldn’t take it anymore, his knees gave out and he sunk to the floor, the blue fabric of his suit soaking through. It was growing cold, not helping his trembles as he wrapped an arm around himself, watching the monster desperately try to reach him, and for a second...he thought about going to it.

Then, all at once, with a loud crack, the floor gave away, Brian’s screams, cracking in the middle like a prepubescent boys, faded in the dark hole, the light-less abyss swallowing him whole.

*003*2021-03-24 01:59

{{Just now, pp123 said:

Really hot story, I liked the detailed humiliation

}}

Thank you so much! I'm working on a second to post to my profile soon!

