Never oversleeping again! (Riko Sakurauchi)

Author: Guest autumnn

*000*2020-11-05 00:52

(Hey! Before I start this, I wanna say I usually don’t write, so sorry if this isn’t that good! I just wanted to add a little idea to the small amount of content we have already lmao)

Riko woke up to the sunlight seeping through her blinds, a seemingly perfect day. Until she glanced over at the clock.

”9:30? Are you kidding me?!” She cried as she leapt out of her soft, comforting bed. Her blankets hit the floor as she scurried around, trying to grab all the necessary items for school today.

“Okay, uniform, lunch, waterbottle...” She continued listing everything in her head until she was certain she had everything for school and the concert later in the day. As she left the warm comfort of her house, the freezing winter temperature of Uchiura hit her. She awkwardly shuffled through the snow to school, feeling a faint twinge in her bladder as the cold air seeped through her uniform. Of course, there was no need to worry now since the school bathrooms should be open, right? She continued her walk, sipping on water at a faster-than-usual pace as the uncomfortably cold wind dried her throat.

She arrived at Uranohoshi, walking at a faster pace towards the main office.

“I’m gonna have to get a late pass, walk to class, finish homework...” She complained to herself internally, attempting to distract herself from the rapidly increasing urges in her bladder. She opened the main office building, approaching one of the teachers, about to ask for a late pass just before the phone rang.

“Ah, sorry sweetie! I’ll be with you in a moment!” the office aid said to Riko before promptly picking up the phone and beginning what felt like the longest conversation ever. Riko took a seat in the room, not wanting to stand with her aching bladder pushing down, waiting to be released. She glanced around the room nervously, looking for a distraction. There were 3 others in the room with her, all students likely waiting to go to the nurses office which was currently being used by a few others. She fidgeted anxiously, trying to not leak as she felt the side glances from the students.

“Fuck, how much longer is this gonna take?” She thought, shifting around and obsessively watching the clock ticking. Relief flowed through her body as she saw the office aid hang up the phone, motioning Riko over. In fact, maybe she felt a little too much relief. She heard a faint hissing noise and warmth spreading, before realizing she completely forgot about her bladder while standing up. She made a pathetic whimper, getting strange glances from the students as she cut off the flow.

Her panties were very damp, almost dripping through onto the floor. She didn’t dare look back to see whether the seat was wet, instead she awkwardly walked to the desk praying she could hold it for just this short minute. The office aid asked her basic questions to fill out for the late pass, and she almost couldn’t answer them due to her mind screaming at her, trying so hard to not let go. Finally, she finished filling out the pass, and muttered a pathetic “Th-thank you” before heading off to class. But she had to make a quick stop before then.

“Shit, the bathrooms are on the opposite side of campus...” she weakly muttered, praying that nobody was watching her. As she frantically looked around to see whether there was anyone to witness her shame, she dug her hands into her crotch and made a whining noise. Her bladder was filled to the brim, and as she accidentally brushed it she leaked even more, further dampening her already wet panties. A small spot formed on where she had shoved her hands through her skirt, desperately holding on to the last hope of making it in time. She took a step forward, sloshing her bladders contents around and adding to the struggle.

She picked up a pace, feeling helpless as every step caused a short burst to leak out. As she turned the corner of another class building, she saw the bathroom just a few meters away. She clutched the side of the building as she felt a steady trickle beginning, slowly growing stronger and stronger. Tears formed in her eyes as a loud splashing noise made her situation obvious, the puddle forming beneath her trembling legs. They completely gave out, her knees unbuckling and falling towards the ground. She kneeled, shaking in the rapidly growing puddle, trying to hide her red, tear-stained cheeks. As the stream slowed down to a faint drip, she could only pray that nobody had been on the schools’ surveillance cameras to witness her embarrassment.

