Public Transport Short Story

Author: gottagosobad

*000*2019-06-12 06:50

Amanda finished her venti iced latte just as she finished her 10 page paper due later that night. She stretched and moaned in relief, sore from hunching over her laptop for the last 3 hours straight while she fixated on finishing her assignment. She felt a twinge in her bladder and looked toward the Starbucks she was working outside of. It was getting late and they were obviously closing down but employees were still inside and Amanda rushed to get her things together to use the bathroom before the long trip home.

Once she got her things, she grabbed for the door to find it locked. Amanda pressed her thighs together slightly as her body responded to the expectation of being able to pee soon. She waited for a moment with her hand on the handle until one of the employees noticed her and waved, hoping her situation was evident, but the barista responded with a shake of the head "no". Amanda frowned but gestured as if to say "don't worry about it" and tried to walk away with her dignity in tact, holding her muscles to try to keep the need from getting much worse while she waited to go home. Amanda checked on her bus on her phone to see if she might have time to use a nearby bathroom. Not only did she not have time, but the only other bus that ran after this one was an hour later and went way out of the way, meaning she wouldn't be home for two more hours instead of only 30 minutes and she did not want to do that. She could make it 30 minutes.

Amanda walked to her bus stop stiffly, feeling every ounce of liquid dripping down onto her bladder. The walk was about 5 minutes which proved to be more excruciating with every step. She felt the pressure building in her abdomen and felt warm between her legs. She tried to think about the last time she used the bathroom and realized with horror that it was over 6 hours ago and that she had not one but two venti drinks since then. Thinking about the amount of liquid that was now trickling lower and lower throughout her body sent a signal through Amanda's body and her muscles suddenly relaxed, and a small stream of pee began to flow from her urethra.

Amanda gasped and bend at the waist and knees, a hand shooting between her legs. The stream stopped immediately but the damage to her tight khaki pants was not trivial. She quickly gained control and rushed to the bus stop, sitting down to cover her mess and help hold her pee at bay. A few people were already at the bus stop as she arrived and she hoped they hadn't seen.

The bus was to come in just a few minutes but a few minutes came and there was no bus. Amanda began to grow more and more frustrated as the minutes crawled on, desperate for the bus to appear. She sat with her legs tightly crossed and jiggling up and down, her thighs tensing and rubbing together. Her cheeks burned red as she noticed two men openly watching her, both lacking the decency to even look away when she caught them, both with what might be a slight bulge in their pants. She wants to say something but was in no place to be picking fights and just tried to keep her squirming to a minimum.

Ten minutes had passed and Amanda felt all 48 ounces of coffee pressing on her tired urethra. She could have peed at the gas station across the street three times now and hated herself for not doing it, and hated the bus for being late. A familiar sound could be heard to her left and her head whipped around to see the bus coming. Her body reacted yet again and she started peeing right on the bench, her hand shooting between her legs again. The stream continued and Amanda began rubbing and squirming until it stopped, her body starting to shake. The bus pulled up and Amanda's body tensed fully. She feared that she would begin peeing completely if she stood up but she had to go.

The two men who had been watching her went last, eyeing her as she sat frozen on the bench the entire time. One of them boarded the bus and the other lingered behind.

"Better get on, little lady," He said to her, a smirk on his face.

Amanda's ears burned. She wanted to cuss him out but she was seconds away from humiliating herself already.

"They're gonna leave without us," He said, still waiting. She wished so badly that he'd go but she suspected that he had also realized what he might see if he walked behind her. Amanda tightened her muscles and forced herself to stand, leaking immediately but only a little. She tried to walk quickly onto the bus, stiff and losing a little pee with every step. Her face burned even redder as she wondered how wet has ass was. There wasn't a seat until halfway down the bus, so half of the patrons got a chance to see how she couldn't hold her bladder. She finally found a seat and crossed her legs tightly, rubbing her thighs together nervously. The men who had been watching her were both sitting behind her, their pants bulging uncomfortably but loving the show. Amanda wished so badly she had risked peeing before getting on the bus and now had a 15 minute ride to relief. The pressure was still building and she didn't know if she would make it.

The bus ride was more torture than Amanda could have imagined. Every bump and jostle sloshed her two large coffees around in her lower body. Even when the ride was study, the bus seat vibrated into her pussy in a way that felt good and she felt like she might start peeing at any moment. The bus hit a pothole and it happened. Amanda began peeing in her seat. It started as a small stream and Amanda gasped, tightening her legs together. The stream started to slow but the bus hit another bump and Amanda gasped again as she began peeing even harder. She grabbed onto her pussy, desperately trying to get the flow to stop. The feeling of warm pee filled her crotch and then ass, and she began to feel it pooling in her seat.

Amanda's face burned bright red as the reality of her situation set in. She was peeing herself on this public bus right now and it wasn't stopping. She began to rub her pussy furiously, begging her body to stop peeing before it became too much to hide. Pee continued to flow from her urethra into her panties and into her pants, now dripping down her legs and into her shoes. She could hear her pee now trickling onto the floor from her shoes as her pants and shoes became warm all over, her body continuing to relieve itself despite her wishes. She pulled the yellow wire for the bus to stop, realizing that no matter what it was best to not be on here right now.

Heads began to turn as people noticed the sound and smell and then as other noticed the turned heads. Amanda tried to keep her head down as she continued to pee herself in front of a bus full of strangers for what felt like forever. Her stream slowed and sped up multiple times, somehow adding to her humiliation, and she was pretty sure that people were filming. Amanda begged the bus to stop but it was minutes until the next stop. As they arrived, she ran off, only to be blocked by one of the men who had been watching her. Forced to stand still for even a second, she began peeing full force and moaned under her breath involuntarily. The man came in his pants as he took a long look at her and then departed the bus quickly, his hands over his crotch the rest of the way home. Amanda, finally empty, sat back down in her wet seat. She may as well get the ride home now.

