Academy of Water

Author: Gemgirl

*000*2018-12-22 22:59

Chapter 1

Fae stood before the gates, sliding in nervously feeling overwhelmed and like she didn't belong there. Darkmore's Academy of Water Magic. Accepting young women from all over the continent and training them to be mages with control over water. But still there she stood, a rather tall girl with long flowing red hair wearing her new plain blue robes, the uniform of a first year.

She moved up to the front doors other new students moving along with her she saw the signs directing them to the opening ceremony. Staring up nervously at the entrance hall she noticed a tall and proud marble fountain, depicting the school's founder, a tall, stern women in extravagant robes and wielding a mighty mages staff. It struck her in awe, or at least it would have, if the stream of water flowing from the tip of the staff wasn't reminding her of a pressing need.

The coach ride had been delayed quite a bit and she had been so eager to get going after giving so many awkward goodbyes to her family and the rest of her village she hadn't had a chance to relieve after packing. She squeezed her legs together, trying to keep her new and fancy blue robes dry. There had to be a bathroom nearby. She glanced up at the clock and sighed, the ceremony was starting in two minutes, not nearly enough time to go hunting for the bathroom.

Fae walked nervously towards the marked doors leading to the reception hall, resigning herself to the fact she would have to hold it until after the ceremony. She strode in and seeing a marked seating plan took her seat behind one of the desks in the hall, relaxing as best she could as the rest of the students filed in. As soon as everyone was sat down a woman in extravagant blue and gold robes walked onto stage in front of them.

“Good afternoon everyone. I am Professor Denholm, your headmistress and would like to welcome you to Darkmore's Academy. One of the finest magical colleges specializing in water magic in the continent.” The speech continued on like this.

Fae faded in and out of paying attention, it seemed a lot of the other girls were too. One girl beside her was looking like she was drifting off to sleep. However Fae was feeling wide awake as the pressure in her bladder was becoming harder and harder to ignore. She leaned forward and crossed her legs bouncing in her seat.

“Come on, can you stop rambling on and let us go already.” She muttered to herself as she subtly held her crotch.

The ceremony dragged on and while she might have at any other time appreciated a proper introduction, right now all she could think about, while bouncing a little in her seat, was keeping herself dry until it was over as she bounced in her seat, .

“And now, I shall let Professor White give a demonstration.” Professor Denholm said one younger teacher walked up to a jar of water and tipped it over as water spilled out. Professor White put on a fabulous display controlling the water as it flowed smoothly this way and that which under any other circumstance Fae would have been in awe of but at the moment was torture to watch.

Fae gasped and squeezed her legs together tightly as it flowed onward while the teacher was guiding it gently causing it all to gather into a ball and from the bottom it slowly trickled out into back into the jar. Professor White bowed and returned to her seat as the students applauded. The professor was sitting oddly in her chair, squirming a little in her seat.

The headmistress came back onto stage. “Right, now you will split into groups and we'll give you all a quick tour.”

Fae got up quickly as the teacher began sorting out the groups. Fae stood up, holding herself as names were being called. As each students name was called Fae fidgeted and squirmed even more. Soon enough her name was called. Fae ended up standing in Professor White's group. Wasting no time she walked up to the professor. The teacher watched her dance on the spot. “Need the bathroom?” She asked looking concerned. Fae nodded blushing a little. “Can you hold it just a bit longer?” The teacher asked.

Fae gasped hopping from foot to foot. “Not really.” she said blushing even redder.

“Okay. We'll make a quick detour to the bathroom first.” She said smiling.

Fae nodded. “Thank you.” She said as she turned around and was painfully aware the rest of the group were now watching her.

The group set out quickly Fae feeling awkward as she noticed a few other girls whispering. She tried to walk with some dignity but it was getting harder and harder. But one girl did walk up looking a bit more sympathetic. “You thought you'd get some practical lessons on your first day?” The girl asked.

Fae glanced at her confused. “What do you mean?”

“Oh... I thought you were trying to give yourself an edge in magic. Is that why you didn't go to the bathroom first?”

Fae shock her head. “N-no... I just arrived late and didn't have time.” She squeezed her crotch, hoping the bathroom was close. It felt so embarrassing that she was holding herself like a little girl in front of everyone. “Edge in magic?” She asked after thinking over it.

“Oh it's nothing.” The girl said. “Just some rumour I heard of ways to enhance your water magic.”

Fae wanted to press further but soon saw the door for the bathroom ahead. She turned and broke into a sprint. Not wait a second she burst in and went for the nearest stall. Pulled up her robes and yanked down her panties as she dove onto the toilet, just in the nick of time. Her pee burst out as she sighed in relief. It had been a bit of a close call.

As she got up she wondered about this edge. She could already guess what the girl meant and it felt a little weird to think. People using a full bladder to enhance their water magic. She wondered if that was right and if people actually did that.

###

A little idea I've been stewing on for a while. This chapter is mostly setup but I hope you guys like it.

*010*2018-12-30 01:38

Chapter 2

After washing her hands. Fae went to rejoin the group. The girl was nearby and Fae pondered asking her about this whole bladder thing. Her face went a little red. She turned around quickly to see Professor White emerging from the bathroom too. “Huh, so she needed to go too.” She thought back. Remembering the Professor was squirming a little after her performance. Was the deliberate so she could pull it off so well?

The group was shown around most of the classes, to make sure they didn't get lost. Soon they were passing though the library. Professor White turned to them. “Now while you are welcome to visit the library. First years are a little more restricted on where they can go. There our unfortunately many groups out to steal our secrets so we have to be a bit careful. Also the hall of research...” She pointed out a large gold door. “...Should only be entered with a teacher or one our researches. Also a note about our researchers. Some of them may ask for help with their projects or research for extra credit.”

One researcher came out of the door. Wearing a set of gold and blue robes and carefully taking notes. The girl Fae had spoken to earlier waved at the researcher. The researcher waved back but Fae noticed her squirming a little. Professor White ushered them on. “Oh that's Researcher Astra.” She lowered her voice a little as the got out of the library. “I'd avoid accepting her projects. She has asked students to do a few weird things.” She whispered to the group.

Fae approached the girl and whispered. “Do you know this researcher? What's so weird about it.” Fae was quietly guessing what it could be.

The girl giggled and whispered back. “Oh... she researching that edge I mentioned earlier.”

Fae sighed. “Maybe it's best if I stop prying into this...”

“I'm Jade by the way.” The girl said. She was a rather short woman with a short black hair. “And I get you. Most people tend to not care for this phenomenon.”

“My name is Fae.” Fae responded. She was taking a while to process all this. The idea seemed rather odd to her but she couldn't help but think a little edge might help. She wasn't exactly naturally gifted with magic.

They were shortly shown to the dorms. “Well, that concludes the tour.” Professor White said. “Find your room assignments on the board over there.”

Fae looked up her room. It seemed Jade was her roommate. Along with another girl named Serafina.

Jade smiled at her. Looks like we're together. She headed of to the room with Fae following. All their luggage had been delivered before they arrived so after checking all her stuff was there Fae leaned back on her bed and relaxed a little. It had been a long trip. The room was reasonably comfy. Three beds, three desks and a en-suite bathroom. There was the sound of running water coming from within so Fae guessed their other roommate must be in the shower.

Fae's mind was racing abit so she turned to Jade and asked. “Sorry to bring this up but how does this edge work?”

Jade grinned. “Thinking of trying it out?” Jade asked causing Fae to blush. “Well as far as I know holding in your pee is a form of controlling water. So the more you hold the stronger your control over water gets. However I have heard that the opposite is true and if you ever loose control and pee yourself you can lose your power almost entirely.”

Fae pulled a disgusted face. “What really?!”

Jade nodded. “I heard some powerful water mages used to get so powerful with magic that they instead had to outhold each other instead.”

Fae shook her head. Her face glowing red. “Okay... okay. Let's move on from wetting. How about just the advantages of holding.”

Jade smiled with a glint in her eye. “Maybe I can show you.” She pulled out a bottle of water and poured out two glasses. She handed one to Fae. “Now your gonna try really hard to freeze this, concentrate on that and say “Chaguagi””.

Fae tried a few time to no result.

Jade nodded and pulled out another bottle. “Okay, let's each have a cup of some tea and try again in a half hour.”

Fae drank hers down. It tasted rather sweet and she thought about that. Half an hour didn't seem that long.

###

Chapter 2 ended up being longer than planned so divided it into two. Glad to see people like the concept. Don't worry. I have plenty of idea to use that concept to it's fullest.

*012*2019-01-02 00:46

Chapter 3

Fae was starting to feel the urge at fifteen minutes and by the half hour mark she was bursting. She had her legs crossed firmly.

Jade nodded and pointed to the cup. Fae picked it up and repeated the spell. “Chaguagi.” This time the water froze over slowly and a thin layer of ice formed on the top. Fae stared in awe for a second impressed she was able to do that. That thought was soon pushed to the back of her mind. She quickly got up and headed for the bathroom door. She pulled on the handle but it didn't budge. That roommate she had yet to meet must still be in there.

Jade set down her frozen cup of water and blushed as she held her crotch. “Yeah. Guess I was hoping she'd be out soon.”

Fae blushed and danced on the spot in front of the door, knocking on it. “Excuse me... we kinda need to use the bathroom.” She called though.

A voice responded. “Sorry. I'm in the bath right now. Afraid I may be a while.”

Fae squealed a little as she grabbed herself. Hopping from foot to foot. “Please!!! It's kinda an emergency!”

The voice remained quiet for a bit. “Afraid I'm in the middle of some water ritual. Helps me focus my power abit. It takes a while so you'll have to wait or try somewhere else.”

Fae whimpered, her legs trembling. Jade nodded at her. “Come on. There are other bathrooms here.” She headed for the door waddling a little.

They stepped out and turned left out the door. Rushing down the hall and looking out for a bathroom door. “Do you remember seeing any bathroom we passed on the tour.” Fae asked.

Jade shock her head. “No, I wasn't really paying attention to that.”

Fae groaned holding her crotch. “Well I guess we can try hunting for one. The one I used earlier might be a little far.”

They headed down corridor after corridor. Checking everywhere for a bathroom door. While they didn't see any. They did see that the school liked to decorate it's halls with a lot of fountains. Both girls were getting really desperate. Fae was walking with one hand jammed firmly between her legs and Jade was waddling awkwardly. Her legs awkwardly pressed together. Soon they saw a bathroom door and bolted towards it.

“Finally.” Fae cried out triumphantly. Before she push against the door. It wouldn't budge. And Fae and Jade's eyes were drawn to an out of order sign on the door. “You have got to be kidding me!”

Jade blushed as she let out a whimper and tapped her feet rapidly. “What are we gonna do? I can't take it much longer!” Fae rushed off down the stairs with Jade giving close chase. Soon they came out into a courtyard. Fae tried to ignore the water fountain in the centre. The rushing water driving her desperately full bladder crazy. Slowly she rushed over to a nearby tree and making sure she was concealed enough from the windows. Lifted up her robe. Jade seeing the idea moved up near her and, finding her own spot, did the same.

Fae pulled aside her panties and let it out. Careful to avoid getting her feet she gripped the tree for balance as her pee splashed onto the grass. She could hear Jade nearby. Letting out her own sigh of relief as her pee hit the grass. Fae blushed as she felt a cold breeze hit her. Now that she was empty, she was acutely aware of what she had just done. It felt so daring. But wetting herself on her first day. That thought was a little overwhelming.

After she was done she sat back. Jade leaned over and offered her a handkerchief to wipe herself. Fae took it and after cleaning up she pulled her panties back into position and stood up. Letting her robes fall back over her legs. “That was some powerful tea.”

Jade nodded. “Guess we should not really use that again.”

“Yeah. Where did you even get that stuff.” Fae asked.

“Gift from my sister. She was in the duelling club and used to use it before duels.” Jade said.

They quietly made their way back to their room. Fae was still a little embarrassed by all this but couldn't help thinking one thing. Jade was kind of cute, squirming like she was earlier.

