Hannah`s Birthday Weekend - Page 2

Author: Gemmy

*029*2020-08-01 13:33

Chapter 9

The sound of the waves crashing on the beach were so relaxing. She had always loved that sound and laying there in the sun, listening to that sound mixed with the sound of her friends having fun and people around them enjoying the day was wonderful.

“I’m going for a paddle in the sea, I won’t be long”. Kayleigh opened her eyes and looked round at Lucy who was getting to her feet. She watched as she walked down the beach towards the others who were throwing a ball between them. She sat up, reaching for the bottle of water Tom had brought out with him when he had been into the hotel. She took a long sip, enjoying the cold refreshing sensation. As she put the bottle down she glanced at her watch. Ten more minutes and she would go back to the hotel and grab a shower and start getting ready for the evening. They had plenty of time before their show but she didn’t want to have to rush. The plan was to get the tram to North pier where the show was and find somewhere to grab some dinner beforehand.

She had also been thinking she would have to head back to the hotel soon as, as she had predicted, she needed a wee. As she had been laid there relaxing her bladder had steadily been filling. She had been ignoring it, sure she only had to go across the road to the bathroom but there was no point running off at the first feelings of needing to go. She would go when she needed to, and she was definitely getting to that point. Another ten minutes or so and she would have to give in to her bladder and head to the bathroom. It felt like when she woke up in the morning, all cosy and relaxed in bed and staying there as long as she could before her bladder forced her to get up. Had she not needed a wee she could have quite happily stayed there much longer.

As the minutes passed her need became more and more prominent to the point she could no longer ignore how badly she needed to pee. She sat back up and decided that once Lucy came back from the sea or one of the others came over she would go back to the hotel. She couldn’t just get up and leave their stuff unattended. She soon found herself urging Lucy to come back. She had purposely ignored her bladder until she absolutely had to go to spend as much time on the beach as possible. Now she had to go but couldn’t. She squirmed subtly hoping one of them would come back soon. She could have shouted and gotten one of them to come over but she didn’t want to highlight the fact she needed to pee and take them away from their fun purely for her.

For five minutes she just sat squirming and squeezing her legs each time her bladder pulsed and made her need spike. She sighed with relief as she saw Hannah break off from the others and walk up the beach towards her. Finally her chance. Hannah came up and picked up the bottle of water, taking a good long drink. When she finished she placed the bottle down and commented how warm it was running around. Kayleigh nodded and was about to tell Hananh she was going to head back to the hotel to get ready for the evening when Hannah continued.

…..”and drinking all this water is making me really have to pee, I’ll be right back”. Kayleigh could only nod as she watched her walk off the beach and head towards the hotel. She crossed her legs and hoped that either Hannah wasn’t too long or someone came over. Hannah announcing that she really had to pee and the knowledge she was going to do really wasn’t helping Kayleigh. She could easily hold on a while longer but the pressure from her bladder was starting to get uncomfortable.

It took another five minutes of squirming but Kayleigh was happy to see Lucy and Mike walking back up the beach. She stood up and tried to look normal and not too squirmy. When they got there she told them she was going to head back and get a shower which they said they were going to do the same shortly. She bent over to pick up her bag and winced at the added pressure on her bladder. She quickly told them she would see them in a little while and headed for the hotel.

As she entered the hotel she headed for the elevators and pushed the button. She stood waiting and gently stepped from foot to foot. The added effect of being stood up hadn’t helped her need and she was really looking forward to getting her room and relieving the intense pressure from her bladder. The elevator pinged and the doors opened. She came face to face with Hannah who was on her way back out to the others.

“Oh hey, you okay” she said as she saw Kayleigh.

“Yeah, I’m just going upstairs to get a shower and get ready for tonight” she replied, trying not to let her desperation show in her voice.

“Good plan, I think we are going to do the same pretty soon, I only came back now because I was dying for a pee” said Hannah laughing. “I was going to wait until we all came back but I couldn’t wait anymore”.

Kayleigh knew exactly how she felt. “That’s why I’m coming back now” said Kayleigh sheepishly.

“Ahhh I see,” said Hannah smiling. “Well I’m going back and see what the others are doing and then most likely come back and get ready, I will see you later”.

Kayleigh watched Hannah bounce off and then dashed into the elevator. The moment the door shut she broke out pee dancing. At least this time she was alone and could squirm unashamedly. It seemed to take forever to get to her floor and the moment the doors opened she rushed down the corridor to her room. She crossed her legs as she fished out her keycard, experiencing that moment of a surge of desperation when you reached your door. She stood moaning and gasping as she fiddled with the card. She was glad it opened on the second attempt and sighed happily as the door swung open.

She walked into the room, quickly throwing her bag down onto her bed and spinning round towards the bathroom. Without wasting a second she dashed in, undid her shorts and pulled them down quickly along with her knickers. She sat down letting out a huge sigh as she relaxed her muscles and started peeing. As she did she thought back to what Claire had said earlier on, about not being able to beat a good pee. The relief did feel amazing and she moaned happily as her bladder emptied. When she finally finished she sorted herself out and walked through the room and out onto the balcony. She sat for a little while enjoying the view and watching her friends. She hadn’t been there long when she saw her friends packing up, obviously heading back to get themselves ready so she decided it was time to grab a shower.

She headed back into the room and into the bathroom. She set the shower running to warm up and then stripped down. She stood admiring her naked body in the mirror, looking at the tan she had gotten from being out in the sun and as she did she let her fingers gently dance across her skin, setting her body alight with a totally different kind of desperate need. A kind that she simply adored.

Kayleigh had a secret.

A secret that only she and a few online friends knew about.

A secret that she could never imagine telling her friends.

She often wondered how they would react if she ever told them, how they would view her. She often wondered it but she would never find out, she would never tell them.

*031*2020-08-03 12:29

Note - This chapter contains mentions of masturbation and other fetishes beyond omorashi. If this is something you want to read then great, I hope you enjoy. If it is something you don't want to read and are only interested in the omorashi side of the story you can skip to the next chapter. I am writing it in such a way that you can skip it without missing anything. This chapter is designed for two reasons. Firstly, as mentioned right at the beginning, I am writing this for a friend so the things mentioned are playing to his interests and things he likes. Secondly, depending on where the story goes, or how long the story goes, this information may be relevant in future chapters so I am putting this chapter here to build on Kayleigh's character and give some information about her.

Chapter 10

Kayleigh looked at herself in the mirror and saw herself, the Kayleigh that her friends saw, the Kayleigh that her workmates saw, the Kayleigh that the world saw. The cute, innocent, normal girl. The girl who could sometimes be really shy and occasionally have troubles with anxiety. The girl who lived a normal life, going to work, hanging out with her friends, going out shopping. The girl who had never being interested in dating or relationships or sex and was not ashamed to say she was a virgin. Just a normal girl. However the moment she ran her fingers across her body something awoke inside her and her body reacted. Now as she looked in the mirror she saw her other self, the side of her very few people knew about, her slutty side.

Up until a few years ago Kayleigh had been just a normal girl. She had accepted way back when was turning 20 that she had no interest in boys...or girls for that matter. She had spent her teen years thinking she was weird or different because she didn’t have the same interest as guys and sex that her friends had. She then thought perhaps she was gay but then she didn’t feel anything for the girls either. It was only in her late teens that she discovered that asexuality was a thing.

The more she looked up what it was the more she realised that is what she was. It wasn’t that she didn’t have a sexual drive. She was like most people and masturbated all the time, she loved it. But she had never wanted that with anyone else. The moment she accepted she was asexual and was proud to say so things had changed, she was no longer confused and stopped feeling weird about herself. She embraced that she was happy on her own and happy taking care of herself, and boy did she love taking care of herself.

She had always enjoyed masturbating, right from the very first time she had discovered it and had her first orgasm at 13. Once she had accepted her sexuality she had loved it even more. Knowing she could make herself feel good and enjoyed the amazing feelings without ever having to worry about wanting more or needing someone else to make her feel that way. For as long as she could remember she had masturbated twice a day, in the morning when she woke up and when she went to bed in the evening. Sometimes she would do it more times throughout the day as a bonus. She wasn’t ashamed to admit she loved nothing more than making herself cum. It was almost addicting. However things began to change a few years ago, when one simple discovery would change everything.

One evening she had been watching porn and noticed that one of her favourite couples on Pornhub had uploaded a new video. She loved watching their stuff, there was something so genuine and real about their videos. The video title had mentioned edging. Something Kayleigh had heard about but didn’t really know much about. As she watched the video she became intrigued. Edging was the practice of bringing yourself right to the brink of orgasm and then stopping, letting yourself calm down and then repeating, each edge building the arousal. Kayleigh watched as the man repeatedly edged the girl, stopping each time she was about to cum.

At first she couldn’t see the point in it but then the longer the video went on the more she was loving the girls reactions, the way she squirmed, the way she moaned each time he stopped interested her. Then it got a point that the girl was begging him to make her cum. This had affected Kayleigh like crazy. Hearing her begging desperately for an orgasm had turned Kayleigh on like never before. It was so hot to watch and hear and she wondered how it felt to want to cum that badly you would beg for it.

Afterwards she had watched more videos of edging and realised quickly that she loved it, and more importantly wanted to try it for herself. The first few times she had failed, stopping too late and cumming, but the more she practiced the better she got and soon she had become addicted to edging. Where she would usually start touching herself and do so until she made herself cum she would now spend time, building the arousal and need and the orgasms she got when she finally let herself were so amazing, so much more intense. As time passed she found herself going longer and longer, loving the feelings she got. That was the first step to her change.

She had been looking up edging and fun things to do and kept hearing about orgasm denial. She thought it meant whilst edging, you deny yourself each time you stop. However through reading and watching videos she realised it meant not cumming at all. Just stopping after an edge and not having an orgasm. The thought of that was crazy, why would you not want to cum. She did some more reading and found a blog on tumblr from a girl who wrote a diary about orgasm denial and the more she read the more Kayleigh started loving the idea. The girl in the diary not only went days, weeks even months without orgasm, she had handed over control of her orgasms to her husband. That thought drove Kayleigh wild, the thought of having no control over your orgasms. The girl in the diary loved it and only had orgasms when her husband decided it. Not only that she was a submissive who enjoyed bondage and all manner of kinky things. Kayleigh had found her new daily reading material and loved every word of it.

She tried experimenting with orgasm denial, stopping after edging and going without. At first she found it so hard, she kept caving and couldn’t do it. But she eventually found the will and went a day without, then two days without, then three. By three days she had been so desperate to cum and the orgasm had blown her mind. This had been step two of her change.

After months of enjoying orgasm denial and finally reaching a week of no orgasms she had come across a chatroom of people who enjoyed edging and denial and had quickly made friends there who encouraged her and helped her with her adventures in denial. Then one day, she took the ultimate plunge. One of the friends she had made on the chat was a lovely guy called Matt who she had learned was similar to her in his sexual preferences, he had no interest in the physical side of sex he just enjoyed the ideas of orgasm denial and edging and loved to help people. He had been a dom for a few people and he enjoyed helping them, not because he got any sexual enjoyment from it, but because the people he helped found enjoyment in it. She had read things about doms sometimes making it all about themselves and being jerks but when Matt had been encouraging her she hadn’t felt that at all, she had felt calm and at ease.

For a while she had wanted to ask him something, wanted to propose something and she had finally found the courage to do so. She had been fascinated by the concept of giving up control and submitting to someone and Matt seemed like the perfect one, she trusted him, she knew as a dom he wouldn’t ask anything of her she didn’t want to do. She just needed to ask him. She had thanked him for helping her and encouraging her and told him how much she had loved it and asked him if he would be her dom and if he wanted she would give him control of her orgasms. He asked her some questions to make sure she was okay with certain things and then he had become her dom. She knew that she could enjoy denial but always ended up caving in and making herself cum. She thought if she had a dom, someone in control, someone to be accountable to it would make it easier.

Since that day she had enjoyed two wonderful years as a submissive. Being under his control was like being under a spell, only touching herself when he said, only edging when he said, cumming when he told her to and not cumming unless he gave her permission. She had experimented with so many things, learned of new fetishes and kinks. She had become a true submissive, a good girl, a slut for him and only him. She had done things she never dreamed she would do and she loved every minute of it. She was his good girl and that made her so happy.

She looked at herself in the mirror. Seeing the good girl who didn’t cum without permission. The kinky girl who liked tying herself up, spanking herself when she needed to be punished. The slut who spent a lot of her days with her mind in her wet knickers, thinking about edging and begging like a good little denial girl. She could only imagine how her friends and workmates would react if they knew that side of her. Sometimes it turned her on imagining them finding out but that was just a fantasy, she hoped they never would.

She gasped as she let her fingers slide down her thighs. At present it had been a month since her last orgasm and all it took was the slightest touch to set her pussy aching with need. She wanted so badly to touch herself, to edge like a good girl but she had to wait. She had messaged her dom asking for permission to edge in the shower. She needed to wait for his reply. She needed to be his good girl.

*034*2020-08-04 20:54

Chapter 11

She stared at the word on the screen. Just one word. One single word that held so much power over her. A word that she both loved and hated at the same time.

“No”

The message was from her dom. Answering her request to edge herself in the shower. It never ceased to amaze her how that word could make her feel. The simple act of being told no just heightened her desire and made her want to touch herself even more intense. Though it didn’t matter how much she wanted it. No matter how much she thought she needed it. Her desire to be a good girl always outweighed it. Something being Matt’s submissive for two years had done to her, and she loved it, she loved the fuzzy feeling it gave her.

She accepted her fate and replied to the message before putting her phone down and turning to the shower. She ran her hand under the water, checking it was the right temperature before stepping under it. The warmth of the water felt amazing and she let herself relax and enjoyed the feeling of the water running down her body. She washed her hair and just as she grabbed the bottle of shower gel she heard a noise then a voice. She turned the shower down and heard Claire calling her name. She shouted back and heard Claire shout.

“Don’t be long in the shower Kay, I need a pee”.

“I won't be long, just give me 5 minutes” Kayleigh shouted back over the noise of the shower.

“Okay, just be quick or I’m gonna pee myself” responded Claire.

Kayleigh heard her move away from the door and resumed her shower, soaping herself up and washing herself all over before turning the water back on to rinse herself clean. As she turned off the shower and climbed out she could hear the TV and suddenly remembered Claire was waiting for the bathroom. She quickly patted herself dry and wrapped a towel around her hair and one around her body.

“Bathrooms free” she shouted as she walked out into the room. She assumed Claire must have been on the balcony but when she walked outside she was nowhere to be seen. She wondered where she had gone and guessed she had gone to find somewhere else to pee. She sat herself on her bed to let herself dry as she watched TV. She hadn’t been there long when the door opened and Claire came in.

“Everything okay?” she asked as Claire walked over to her bed.

“Yeah fine” replied Claire, flopping down onto the bed. “Sorry I just vanished, I thought I could wait for you to get out of the shower but I soon realised I was going to piss myself if I waited much longer so I went down and used the bathroom in Hannah’s room”.

“Oh, sorry I took so long” said Kayleigh, suddenly feeling bad.

“Don’t worry about it” replied Claire smiling. “It's my own fault, I kept putting it off when we were on the beach, I need to learn to go before I’m almost wetting myself” she added laughing. Kayleigh agreed knowing all too well she was guilty of doing the same.

They both sat watching TV for a while until Claire suddenly jumped up and announced she was going to jump in the shower. Kayleigh watched as she stripped out of her t-shirt and tight jeans and then blushed as she continued and removed her red bra and matching thong. That girl seriously has no shame she thought to herself as Claire stood there completely naked. Having been friends with her for so long Kayleigh was used to her not being bothered about people seeing but it never ceased to amaze her that she was brazen and had so little care. Sure she was sitting there in just a towel but at least she was covered up, she couldn’t imagine just stripping off like that and walking around naked.

As Claire headed into the bathroom Kayleigh reached into her bag and pulled out her hairdryer. She set to work drying her hair, thinking about what she wanted to do with it for the evening ahead. Once it was dry she slipped off her towel and whilst Claire was still in the shower she snapped a cheeky pic of herself in the mirror and sent it to Matt with the caption “do you like my tan Sir”. She threw her phone to await a reply and went to the drawers next to her bed. She pulled out a lacy pink thong and slipped it on. She slipped on the matching pink bra and admired herself in the mirror.

Since submitting to Matt she had found herself having a lot more confidence and loved to dress up nice to make herself feel sexy. She pulled on the black top she had brought for that night and decided on the short white skirt to finish off her outfit. Once dressed she decided to just leave her hair down and brushed it out. Once finished she took another picture of herself in her outfit and sent that off to Matt asking if he approved. As she stood looking at her phone she was startled by a loud wolf whistle and spun around to find Claire standing behind her wrapped in a towel biting her fist signifying mock attraction.

“Damn girl you are looking fine” she said looking Kayleigh up and down.

“Why thank you kind lady” replied Kayleigh doing a mock curtsy.

They both laughed and Kayleigh sat back on her bed to wait for Claire to get ready. It didn’t take her long to dry herself off and Kayleigh watched as Claire started getting dressed. She had a pair of leather look jeans and as she was pulling them on Kayleigh laughed and asked if she wanted a hand getting them on. Claire laughed and said she thought she could manage. “Are you sure they look painted on” Kayleigh remarked as Claire finally pulled them up and fastened them. She slipped on a white top and a black jacket and then twirled on the spot asking how she looked. Kayleigh told her she looked fine, mocking that she always looked the same. Jeans and a t-shirt and jacket was Claire all over. It was rare to see her in a skirt and occasionally you would see her in shorts but most of the time it was jeans and a t-shirt. She was looking forward to going shopping for bridesmaid dresses with her for Lucy and Mike's wedding. She couldn’t imagine Claire in a fancy dress.

Once they were both ready they headed downstairs to the hotel bar to wait for the others and grab a drink. They hadn’t been there long when Lucy and Mike arrived. Kayleigh laughed and pointed out to Lucy that they were opposites. Lucy was wearing a white top and a black skirt and she had a black top and a white skirt. They were like a walking yin and yang. They sat around chatting and looking forward to their evening and about ten minutes later Lucy suddenly cheered. Kayleigh looked round and saw Hannah and Tom walking over. She saw why Lucy had cheered. Hannah was wearing a beautiful red dress she guessed she had gotten for her birthday and around her was a pink sash with the words “Birthday Girl” printed on it.

They sat for a while finishing their drinks before they decided they should head off and go and find somewhere to eat. They left the hotel and stood waiting for the tram that would take them down to the North end. It wasn’t long before one arrived and they got on and sat down. Now they were on their way Kayleigh was super excited. She couldn’t wait for the show.

*036*2020-08-06 09:49

Chapter 12

“Happy Birthday Hannah”

The sound of glasses clinking together accompanied the cheer as they toasted the birthday girl. Kayleigh took a drink of her cider before putting her glass down and picking up the menu. When they had gotten off the tram at the North Pier they had seen signs at the entrance to the pier advertising what was along the pier. Amongst the attractions was a bar that looked like it served food so they decided they would head there for something to eat before going to the end of the pier for the show. As she looked at the menu she thought it had been a good choice.

Lots of classic pub food on offer. The more she looked across the menu the harder it was to choose, it all sounded so good. After much deliberation she eventually settled on a gourmet stacker burger. Burger topped with bacon and cheese, a grilled chicken breast and pulled pork, with onion rings, chips, coleslaw and salad. Yummy. She was definitely hungry and her mouth was salivating just at the thought of it. She gave her decision to Mike and Tom who went to the bar to order and she sat back, sipping on her cider, enjoying the view. All around the bar were big windows giving amazing views of the beach and sea, which looked great in the evening sunshine. When Mike and Tom came back they had got another round of drinks so Kayleigh finished off her bottle of cider and poured the new one into her glass.

When their food arrived Kayleigh had definitely made the right choice. Her burger looked amazing and as she ate each element of it tasted fantastic. By the time she had finished her plate was empty and her belly was full and content. She sat back in her chair waiting for the others to finish. Once they had dessert was suggested and Kayleigh could never say no to dessert. She looked over the menu and they had some really nice sounding sundaes. In the end she settled on a strawberry cheesecake sundae that just sounded heavenly. When it came it was just as delicious as it had sounded and it didn’t take long for her to devour the sweet treat. With her last bite of ice cream she dropped the spoon into the sundae glass, pushed it to the centre of the table and sat back, completely stuffed and feeling good.

She checked her watch and noted they had about 30 minutes until they needed to head towards the end of the pier. She also noted she needed the bathroom and decided it would be best to go now before they went to the show, she would hate missing any of the show because she had to go off to the bathroom mid way through. She excused herself and went to the bathroom. When she came back she definitely felt better and as she sat down the conversation had turned to the show, more so Hannah wanting to know what it was. She knew they were going to see a show for her birthday but it was a surprise what it actually was.

The only thing she had been told was that it was something she would thoroughly enjoy. Over the past few weeks she had thrown out hundreds of guesses of people she loved. Musicians, comedians, bands. The best part was Kayleigh knew no matter how many guesses she made the chances of her guessing right was very slim. Though she definitely knew the moment she found out she would absolutely freak. Kayleigh had been really excited about it when Tom had been looking for something to do and had found that this show was on. Now here she was again making guesses only to be met with the response “You will just have to wait and see”.

Ten minutes later they decided to take a slow walk down the pier. Partly because if they were taking a leisurely stroll they needed to set off in plenty of time but mostly because it seemed like Hannah would explode and lose her mind if they didn’t leave now. Once they were all ready they made their way out of the bar into the fresh evening air and set off slowly walking along the pier. They made their way past the gift shops and carnival games and wandered through the amusement arcade. Had they not been heading somewhere Kayleigh could have quite happily stopped here and played the 2p slots but they would have time for that tomorrow.

They came out of the other side of the arcade and ahead in the distance she could see where they were heading. A beautiful looking building right at the end of the pier. The venue for their show that evening. They slowly made their way through the little funfair and stopped for a moment. Leaning on the railings looking out at the view. As they stood there Kayleigh thought she would have to pee before they went into the show. When she had been to the bathroom in the bar she had broken the seal and now she was already needing a wee. It was always the same when she was drinking, she needed to pee every 15 minutes. She definitely wanted to go before the show started. She would hate to miss any of it because she had to go out and pee.

They enjoyed the view a little longer before continuing along. As they got closer to the venue they could see a queue of people outside waiting to go in. They obviously hadn’t opened the doors yet. They reached the back of the queue and leaned against the railings. Kayleigh turned around, looking along the beach at the few remaining people still on the sand. In the distance she could see the other piers, the roller coasters of the amusement park, something she was really looking forward to visiting and the many many arcades along the front, something else she was looking forward to.

“OH MY GOD!!! NO WAY!!! AWESOME!!!!!”

Kayleigh spun around at the sudden shouting. Hannah was jumping up and down in excitement and when Kayleigh looked at where she was looking she understood. Hannah had spotted the posters on the front of the venue advertising the show that evening. She knew who they were going to see and she was clearly happy about it.

*038*2020-08-06 13:22

{{53 minutes ago, elephantMan said:

I like these less intense sections so much as build up, keeps the pacing up while ensuring the really desperate scenes feel all the more desperate. This story's been the main thing driving me back to the site on a daily basis, plz do keep it up!

}}

Thank you, I am glad you are enjoying it. I am definitely keeping it going.

I am glad to hear the chapters that aren't omo intensive are good. From a story point of view they are important to progress the story and keep it realistic but I do sometimes worry they are boring compared to the parts containing omorashi content.

*042*2020-08-08 22:36

Chapter 13

Kayleigh couldn’t help smiling and laughing with everyone else at Hannah’s reaction. For five minutes she had been excitedly chattering and jumping around with joy. She knew Hannah would love the surprise and was glad to see how excited she was. Five years ago they had all been on holiday to Ibiza and had stayed in a lovely hotel in a quiet little bay. It had been perfect for them as they could enjoy the quiet bay but it was only a 15 minutes walk into the nearby town so they had the best of both worlds. During their stay they had looked through the leaflets in the hotel advertising local attractions and excursions and one of the things they found was a drag show that was at one of the bars in the town centre and they had decided one night they would go check it out.

They had just expected a fun drag show and a fun night out but they had been super impressed. Kayleigh couldn’t remember when she had laughed so hard. The show had been amazing, way more impressive than they had imagined it would be. The focus of the show had been comedy/parody songs. Either the drag queens doing a comedy skit to the theme of the songs of them actually dressing up as a caricature of the singers and doing their own parody lyrics. In and amongst were skits and stand up and non stop hilarity. At the end of the show they had bought a DVD of the show that had the material they had seen and some stuff they hadn’t seen and over the years they had watched it together numerous times and it never got old.

A few months back when they had been discussing doing something for Hannah’s birthday the idea was thrown of going to see a concert or show and Tom had set to the task of looking for something fun they could go see. He had called in excitement saying that the same guys they had seen in Ibiza were doing weekly shows up and down the coast and suggested booking to go and see them again. They had all agreed that was an awesome idea and decided to keep it a surprise for Hannah. Now they were here and the surprise and suspense had definitely been worth it.

As they had stood more and more people had joined the queue behind them and Kayleigh guessed it wouldn’t be much longer before they opened the doors and started letting people in. Her guess had been right. A few minutes later the queue began to move and they slowly made their way towards the building. Once inside they headed to the front desk and when they were called forward Tom handed over their confirmation and he was given 6 tickets and was told to present them when they went into the theatre. They made their way through the foyer and into an open area with a bar, a snack stand and an area where they were selling merchandise. They went and had a look at the merch stall and then made their way towards the bar. As they did Kayleigh noticed a sign for the toilets and decided to head there before doing anything else. She told them where she was going and Lucy said she would come too.

They left the group and headed over to where the sign was pointing down a corridor and followed it round until they reached a fork with the gents to the left and the ladies to the right. As they went in Lucy went into the first stall and Kayleigh went into the second one. As Kayleigh was pulling down her knickers she heard a splashing noise and then Lucy sigh. She sat down and followed suit, emptying her bladder with a little sigh. She heard Lucy finish and flush and not long after she did the same. She joined Lucy at the sink who looked at Kayleigh as she got to the sink and said “Phew, I needed that”. Kayleigh at Lucy who continued “as we were standing in the queue I was thinking that I should have had a wee before we left the bar, I was glad when they started letting people in”. Kayleigh laughed and made a comment about knowing how she felt. She too had been feeling the need to pee growing as they stood in line.

They washed their hands and headed back out to the group who were standing in line at the bar. They joined them in waiting and when it was her turn Kayleigh looked at the selection behind the bar and decided on getting a bottle of rose wine. She wasn’t sure how long the show was but at least if she bought a bottle she wouldn’t need to come back to the bar at any point. She paid for her bottle and moved to the side to wait for the rest of them.

Once they all had drinks they went and bought some bags of crisps and bags of chocolates. As they were at the snack stand Claire had headed to the bathroom and as they made their way towards the theatre both Tom and Mike said they would go before they went in, closely followed by Hannah who quickly handed over her drink and snacks and went after them. When they came back they went to the theatre and presented their tickets and were then shown to their seats. Kayleigh was impressed.

She knew it was a theatre but she didn’t know it would be so big. She also loved the seating arrangement. The rows of seats were built on ascending levels, separated by a wooden block. Not only did this mean they wouldn’t have to worry about people in front of them, it also meant they had plenty of leg room and they could use the wooden block as a table for their drinks. The last time they had seen this act it had been a small entertainment bar, now they were in a proper theatre. She was glad they seemed to be doing well, they definitely deserved it.

They sat chatting for a while as the theatre continued to fill and about 15 minutes later the doors were closed and the lights dimmed down. The spotlight centered on a gorgeous woman on the stage who welcomed everyone and said she hoped everyone enjoyed the show. Then in the deepest manliest voice imaginable shouted “lets get started”. Kayleigh burst out laughing. She had assumed this woman worked for the theatre and was just welcoming people. She had no idea it was actually one of the drag queens. Had she...or he….it was confusing, hadn’t spoken in their real voice she would have never known it was a man.

The curtain opened to reveal the stars of the show in their amazing costumes and kicked off with a dance number. Which by the time it was over Kayleigh was already holding her belly from laughing so hard. If that was just the opener she couldn’t wait for the rest of the show. She helped herself to a handful of crisps and washed them down with a sip of wine. As she placed her glass down she suddenly wondered whether the show would have an interval. She wasn’t sure how long it lasted and whether or not it would run through or if they split it. She found herself hoping they had an interval. Mostly because an interval meant the show would last longer and she wanted as much of these guys as possible. But also part of her hoped there would be an interval mid way through the show as she was already feeling the first signs of needing a wee. She knew she wouldn’t be able to wait until the end of the show if it ran straight through and she really didn’t want to miss anything.

*045*2020-08-09 21:36

I'm really glad people are not only enjoying the story as a whole but also the shorter chapter style. I did have a worry that posting it this way might not work due to the non omo chapters but I'm happy people are enjoying those too. The whole theme of this story came about as my friend and I were discussing how sometimes omo fictions whilst good make the desperation/wetting/omorashi content the main focus point and all the effort goes into that part of the story leaving other details out and when you read a multi part story with the same characters getting desperate each chapter it can get tiring without other stuff happening. We also discussed how throughout your day you have differences in your peeing habits.

Sometimes having a slight need and going because there is a bathroom there, sometimes having a bathroom there and not going because you are busy, sometimes being really desperate and not having the option to go. So many different scenarios and varying levels of need. So rather than having a story solely focused on extreme desperation each chapter he wanted a story that read out like a normal story that viewed the peeing habits of the main character throughout her day and different scenarios. Hence why this story doesn't just have Kayleigh super desperate each time. There are times she will just pee, times where she waits, times where she has no choice leading to different outcomes, and these scenarios are happening in and amongst a developing story.

I am writing this story for my friend but both he and I are super glad other people are enjoying both the omorashi content and the non omo content and we hope people continue to enjoy it. Its also enjoyable to write as I am writing this on a chapter to chapter basis so I currently have no clue where the story will go and what will happen but I hope you enjoy finding out along with us ❤😊

*046*2020-08-09 21:53

Chapter 14

“Hallelujah it's raining men!”

As the last line of the song ended the stage went dark and the curtain swung closed. The theatre erupted into applause and then died down as one of the drag queens came through the curtain and announced they would be taking a 15 minute interval before the final part of their show. Another round of applause sounded and the lights around the room lifted.

Kayleigh finished clapping and relaxed back into her seat as people around them began to get up and head for the exit. She was glad they had announced an interval. She had finished half her bottle of wine and it was certainly taking effect on her bladder. For the past 20 minutes or so she had been busting for a wee and hoping they would be taking a break soon. She waited a few moments to let those who were leaving the theatre a chance to go before she stood up and said she was nipping to the loo and asked if anyone wanted anything whilst she was out. Tom said he would be popping to the bar so it was fine.

She made her way out of the row and down to the exit. When she came out into the foyer she headed over towards the toilets and soon realised that waiting to let people out might not have been the smartest idea. The bar had a big queue which thankfully she wasn’t joining but so did the toilets. At least she had seen them earlier and knew that there were plenty of stalls so it shouldn’t take too long. She joined the queue and squeezed her legs as a wave of need hit her, almost as if her bladder knew she was near the bathroom.

As she moved forwards in the line she thought about the first part of the show and how awesome it had been. They had definitely improved since they had first seen them five years ago and their new material was brilliant. Her belly was aching from how much she had been laughing. She had been right about the line not taking too long. Plus she had noted a lot of people hadn’t bothered leaving for the interval and had just stayed inside. She made it into the bathroom and she crossed her legs as the sounds of lots of women peeing and toilets flushing affected her. Finally she reached the front of the line and it was a pure game of chance as to which stall would become free. One halfway along the row opened up and she headed into it, quickly pulling down her knickers and sitting down, relaxing and letting out a little sigh as she started peeing.

Though she hadn’t quite been bursting she definitely felt better releasing the pressure that had been growing and was amazed as to how much she was peeing. When her stream finally died down she sat for a moment making sure she was completely done before wiping herself and pulling her knickers back into place. She vacated the stall and headed to the sinks to wash her hands. As she walked out of the bathroom she saw Lucy standing in line and went over to her.

“Mike and Tom are just at the bar, I came out to help them and thought I would quickly use the bathroom whilst they are waiting” she said as Kayleigh reached her. Kayleigh nodded and said she would see her back inside. She walked back out into the foyer and she could see Tom and Mike over by the bar. She gave them a little wave before turning and heading back into the theatre. When she walked in she could see Hannah sitting by herself at their seats and wondered where Claire had gone. When she had climbed the stairs and reached their row Hannah jumped up out of her seat. Kayleigh looked at her confused and when she had gone along the row she could see Hannah was shifting on the spot. Before she could ask what was wrong Hannah walked towards her.

“Oh thank god you came back, Claire has gone out for a smoke and the others went out to the bar. I said I would wait here with our stuff until they came back but that was a mistake, I’m nearly weeing myself”. She made to move past Kayleigh and then quickly added “will you be alright here if I quickly go to the toilet”.

Kayleigh nodded and said she would be fine and added “hopefully the queue won’t be too long now”. Hannah squirmed on the spot and laughed “I sure hope not, I’m dying for a pee”. She dashed off and Kayleigh watched as she ran down and out of the exit. She sat back in her seat and poured herself another glass of wine before pulling out her phone. She saw a message from Matt saying he hoped she was enjoying the show. She took a cute selfie of herself holding her glass of wine and responded telling him she was loving it. They exchanged a few messages and suddenly she was brought back to reality.

“What's got you so happy?”.

She looked up and found Hannah and Lucy walking along the row back to their seats. She blushed and told them she was thinking about the first half of the show. They agreed it was awesome and she looked back to her phone. Truthfully she was happy because of the messages Matt was sending her. She always found herself smiling and on high whenever she talked to him. It was just what he did to her, she felt content with him. Not that she was about to tell her friends that. She could just imagine telling them she was smiling because she was messaging the guy who had turned her into an obedient denial slut. She laughed to herself at that thought and squirmed gently in her seat as her pussy responded to that thought. She truly was under his spell.

It didn’t take long for the others to arrive back and they sat chatting and reminiscing about the first time they had seen this act. Suddenly the lights began to dim and they shut up, turning their attention back to the stage. The lights sparked and the music played, kicking off the second part of the show starting with a hilarious rendition of “Man I Feel Like a Woman” which left Kayleigh rolling with laughter. She wasn’t sure how much more she could take. She seriously hoped they were selling DVD’s again. She would be first in line to buy one.

*050*2020-08-12 10:23

Chapter 15

“Thank you and Goooooodnight”.

The curtains swung shut and a massive round of applause erupted throughout the theatre. One by one the drag queens of the show walked through the curtain and Kayleigh was one of the first out of her seat clapping and cheering. For what seemed like an eternity the entire theatre was filled with the sound of whistling, whooping and thunderous applause as the stars of the show stood on stage bowing. Eventually it died down and they thanked everyone and gave a little history of their show and how it had adapted over the years and they finished once again thanking everyone and by saying that they would be outside in the foyer and welcomed people coming and seeing them. With one last bow they left the stage to applause and the lights around the room slowly lifted as people began to get up and leave.

“That. Was. Amazing. Oh. My. God”. Hannah emphasised each of the words as she beamed, smiling at her friends. “Thank you guys so much, that was the best birthday surprise ever”.

Kayleigh was super happy Hannah had loved it. She knew she would and if she had enjoyed the show even half as much as she had it had definitely been the right decision. She finished the last of her wine and placed her glass and empty bottle on the table along with her empty sweet packets and sat back in her seat as they waited for people around to leave. They were usually one of the last groups to leave places. They had been to too many Marvel movies to leave as soon as the show finished. They sat chatting as people slowly filtered out and once the theatre was almost empty they grabbed their things and followed suit.

As they came into the foyer area they made their way through the crowd towards the stalls selling merchandise to have a look and Kayleigh was thrilled to see a pile of DVD’s for sale. She bought two and turned round and handed one to Hannah. “Extra birthday present for ya”. Hannah beamed and thanked her and went to show Tom. Kayleigh put her own copy in her bag and stood waiting for the others who were looking at the different items available. Lucy walked over and stood next to Kayleigh saying that Mike was just waiting to buy a couple of things.

Kayleigh was about to respond when Lucy added “I’m not waiting in that”. Kayleigh looked to where she was pointing and saw the huge queue to the bathrooms. “I was going to pop for a pee whilst we are waiting but I can’t be bothered waiting in that line”. Kayleigh nodded and said the same. She had thought about going for a wee but when she had seen the line she had decided against it. She needed to go but she would be fine until they got back to the hotel.

They made their way towards the main exit to wait for the others and it wasn’t long before everyone was ready and they headed out of the venue. They made their way slowly along the pier in high spirits, talking about their favourite parts of the show. Kayleigh was transfixed by the view along the promenade. All the amusement arcades were lit up in all different colours and in the distance they roller coasters in the theme park were like beacons in the night. It really was like a mini Las Vegas. She was looking forward to hitting the arcades the following night.

They reached the end of the pier and walked around to stand next to the beach. They had already known by the time they came out of the show the trams along the seafront would have stopped running so they would have to get a taxi back to the hotel. It wasn’t too far so shouldn’t cost them too much. Tom had gotten a taxi number from the hotel and walked away to call for one. When he came back he told them it had been ordered and as they needed minibus it might be about 10-15 minutes before it came. Kayleigh had expected that, it was Saturday night after all. She just hoped it wasn’t much longer than 10 minutes as she was really needing a wee now.

They stood chatting about the show and enjoying the evening air and the sound of the waves down the beach. As the minutes passed Kayleigh found herself wishing there hadn’t been such a long line for the bathrooms as she should have probably gone before they left. She had an entire bottle of wine taking effect on her bladder and filling her up really quickly. She stood gently squirming urging the taxi to hurry up. She was just glad it was a short trip to the hotel.

“Oh fuck it’s no good, I can’t wait!”.

Kayleigh looked round at Hannah who had moved away from the railing and had walked down onto the beach. She was shocked to see her lifting her dress, flashing her white lacy knickers to everyone before quickly pulling them down and squatting down, immediately gushing a stream of pee into the sand. By the sound of her sigh she gave off Hannah was feeling some relief. She must have been bursting. “Just like me” Kayleigh thought as she crossed her legs. She was bursting but she couldn’t imagine just dropping her knickers and peeing so openly in front of everyone. No matter how bursting she felt and how much watching Hannah peeing was making her need worse she would have to hold on till they got back.

When Hannah had finished and sorted herself out she came back to the group and blushed when she saw everyone staring at her. “I couldn’t wait until the hotel, I would have probably wet myself in the taxi” she said as she smoothed down her dress. “I was going to go to the bathroom at the theatre but the line was massive, I thought I could hold on till we got back to the hotel but I guess not”.

Everyone laughed and Lucy commented saying she felt the same but she could wait until they got back and a couple of the others made the same comment. Kayleigh just nodded in agreement and urged the taxi to hurry up. The sight and sound of Hannah peeing like that had certainly made her own need worse and she was definitely bursting to go. If her need continued to grow like it was she would definitely be desperate when they got back. She wished she could just do like Hannah and pee right here and get it over with but there was no way she could do that, it just wasn’t the thing to do, she could hold it, it wouldn’t be long before she was able to pee. At least she hoped it wouldn’t be long.

