About To Explode

Author: Guest

*000*2018-06-02 23:46

So, this is the first story I've submitted on here. Thanks to @Rick Dixon for suggesting a really fun idea.

About To Explode

“SARA!! LINDSAY!!” Alex yelled through the closed bathroom door. “Hurry up!! I have to go reeeeeeaallllllly bad!!!”

“Yeah, OK Alex, in a minute,” came the reply from Sara. Alex moaned as she hopped from foot to foot, her left hand pressed against her groin, where it had taken up residence for the last seven hours. “You been saying that! Come on, I’m bursting!!” Clad in black shorts and a white t-shirt, Alex bent forward, her abdomen hurting from all the liquid inside of her. “Ohmygawd!!” she thought. “How much longer can they take?!” The short, tan, athletic girl had been holding it since she woke up. Normally, the bathroom would be her first stop, but not today. Her sisters were staying with her, as they were both having their houses remodeled. She enjoyed having the company, but now her poor, swollen bladder was paying the price for her generosity. In agony, she knocked on the door again. “Can you two pleeeeeeeaaassseeee let me in!! I’m gonna pop out here!!!”

“Not much longer, Alex! Promise!”

“ARRRRGGGGHHH!!!” Alex clenched her fist even further into her crotch. She was in so much pain right now. “Of course my landlord picks today of all days to have the hallways recarpeted.” Alex had known about this last week, but now she was trapped in her house all day. She couldn’t even ask a neighbor if she could use their bathroom. Trapped with an agonizingly full bladder. She knocked again, hard and furiously. “COME ON!!! Please, I’m begging you, let me in!! I can’t last much longer, I’m gonna explode!!!”

“Don’t be so dramatic! We’re almost done, promise!!”

“Ohmygawdohmygawdohmygawd!!!” Alex muttered. She was in complete and utter agony. She had never had to pee this bad in her entire life. It wasn’t just her bladder now, her entire body felt like it was expanding from all the pent-up liquid. Afraid of what was happening to her, she banged on the door again. “PLEEEEAAAASSSSSEEEE!!! I’m not kidding, I’m ready to BURST!!!!”

No answer.

Alex was sweating from the pressure she was feeling. Everything was stretched to it’s limits. It wouldn’t be much longer now… Inside the bathroom, Sara and Lindsay were giving each other facials and pedicures. They weren’t in any rush to finish when suddenly…

*BOOM*

“What was that?!” asked Sara, slightly panicked. Liquid was flowing under the door. Carefully, Lindsay stepped in the growing river and opened the door. The two were shocked to find Alex’s clothes and underwear floating in a huge river of liquid. Alex hadn’t been kidding.

She really had been about to explode!!

