A Ghost Story - Pt.5

Author: Gothes

*000*2020-02-09 20:14

CHAPTER 5: CHAOS

Sofie was wet. All of her clothes from the waist down were soaked in urine. She was incredibly uncomfortable walking all the way back home into the cold night that felt even colder because of the wetness on her legs and groin. Eventually Sofie reached her village and luckily the people barely saw her since the light of day was almost gone. However, Sofie was still worried. She had to enter the house without her mother noticing, to avoid further embarassment that day. As Sofie finally reached the housedoor she took a deep breath and was about to open it when a soft voice startled the girl: "Sofie!"

It was her mother coming towards her from the distance.

"Mother!", Sofie's voice was trembling: "You frightened me!"

"I'm sorry, darling."

"Where have you been?!", asked Sofie.

"I just returned from your grandmother's house, I gave her her silver plate back."

"You were behind me the whole time?"

"Yes, I was quite far away and I wasn't sure if it was you until you reached the house ... You got the key back?"

"Yes, I have it here", said Sofie quietly.

"Alright then, let's go inside", said Laureen as she got closer to Sofie. The young woman panicked since she didn't know what to do now. Luckily there were no lights inside and outside the house so she took cover in the shadows.

However, because of the darkness Sofie couldn't find the keyhole immediately and so she started to fiddle around with her trembling fingers trying to feel the hole.

"What's wrong, darling?", asked her mother.

"I can't find the keyhole, it's to dark!"

Laureen giggled: "Keep searching, Sofie!"

In that moment the mother started to smell something strange. Sofie heard her inhaling and thought: "Shit! I still smell like piss!"

"Sofie, you smell strange", said her mother immediately after.

"Really?", Sofie avoided eyecontact and kept searching for that damned hole. Laureen got closer to her daughter as the sour scent of Sofie's clothes got stronger.

"Sofie ... you ... you smell like pee?"

"Do I?", Sofie asked nervous.

"Well ... I think ..."

In that moment Sofie finally opened the door and was about to run towards her room across the hallway. Unfortunately it was darker than expected and Sofie tripped over a pair of slippers as soon as she got inside the house, slamming heavily onto the floor.

"For god's sake, Sofie! What's wrong with you?!", her mother screamed angrily out of shock.

"I slipped out on something."

"You're so nervous! ... Is everything alright?!"

"Yes, I'm fine, just bumped my head a bit", complained Sofie as her mother was lighting some candles. The young woman didn't notice the light because the slight concussion made her forget about her surroundings including the wet clothes (and the smell) for a moment. She got up while being illuminated by her mother who was checking if Sofie was alright. In that moment she noticed the wet patch on Sofie's skirt and she asked:"What did you do to your skirt?" Sofie immediately remembered her problem and tried somehow to hide the dark spot.

"Oh ... uh ... Nothing", lied Sofie.

"What did you do to your skirt, Sofie?!", Laureen took a closer look, while Sofie still tried to hide her big pee stain.

"I ... I just ... Mary spilled water on me before." Sofie was quite proud of her lie but unfortunately her mother wasn't dumb enough to believe it.

"Did you ... Did you pee yourself, Sofie?"

"What?! No! ... I told you, Mary spilled a glass of water all over me!"

"And then how come you smell like piss?!"

Sofie was moving on thin ice, Laureen always hated being lied to by her daughter and Sofie knew that, but she was to embarassed to tell her the truth and kept on lying: "I don't smell like piss, mother!"

"Sofie, I can smell it from here."

"Well, maybe it's something else."

Laureen got closer to Sofie and grabbed her skirt, she felt it and eventually even smelled it. The mother twitched a little and let the skirt go. She looked deep into Sofie's eyes and asked slightly agitated: "Water, you said?"

Sofie nodded.

"Sofie, this doesn't smell like water! Unless Mary accidentaly took a piss on you! ... Don't lie to me, Sofie! You know I hate that!"

Silence filled the hallway and Sofie knew she couldn't keep on lying and so she confessed ... kind of: "Alright, fine! ... I ... I was walking back home as ... uh ... suddenly a deer ran out of the forest, right in front of me and then

... I wet myself because ... I got scared."

Sofie's face turned red even though it wasn't the truth. Laureen however still seemed sceptical, and also a bit suspicious.

"A deer?", she asked.

"Yes, out of nowhere ... and then I peed a little."

"Hmm ... it seems like you peed quite a bit actually because your skirt is really wet." The mother touched the skirt again with her fingers. Sofie felt uncomfortable, her mother didn't seem to be grossed out by the situation at all and then she tought to herself: "Of course not! You heard what Dana said earlier."

Still, the thought of her mother maybe being aroused by the sight of her wet daughter made Sofie feel quite unease.

"Why are you still looking at it?", asked Sofie nervous.

"Oh ... I was just surprised ... I guess you peed a bit more that you thought."

"I guess so", Sofie whispered.

"Oh, don't be embarassed Sofie, it can happen ... even I peed myself a few weeks ago."

Sofie didn't react to her mother's statement, because she already knew, everything.

"I couldn't hold it", Laureen continued but only because she didn't want Sofie to feel to bad aboud herself.

"Now go into your room and put on some dry clothes", Laureen calmly said and gave Sofie the candleholder to light her way up into the bedroom.

After she had put on her nightdress, Sofie got into the livingroom where her mother was lighting up the fireplace. The young woman closed the door in order to keep the heat inside the room.

"You feel better now?", asked Laureen calmly.

Sofie nodded still a bit embarassed. First her mother caught her peeing in the garden and then how she got home in wet clothes ... a very uncomfortable situation she found herself in and it got worse when her mother started to talk about it: "It looks like you've had sensitive bladder today, my dear."

"Apparently."

"It's fine, Sofie. We all need to pee sometimes."

Sofie answered quite annoyed: "Yes, mother, I know."

"I'm sorry, Sofie. I just don't want you to feel embarassed. It can happen."

"I know, I know ... Can we talk about something else?!"

"Of course", said Laureen.

Both got quiet and only the crackling flames were making a sound. Sofie perceived some tension in the room. She felt that her mother probably noticed something, but maybe Sofie was just being paranoid.

As a proper fire was buring her mother got up, cleaned her skirt a little and said: "Well, all this talk about peeing made me need to go, I'll be right back."

Sofie ignored her since she was annoyed that her mother brought back the topic. Laureen moved towards the door and tried to open it ... but it didn't work. She kept wiggling at the door handle but it wouldn't open.

"Why did you lock the door, Sofie?"

"What?", the girl asked on the other side of the room.

"The door ... Unlock it please."

Sofie was confused: "Is it locked?"

"Yes, Sofie, it's locked!", said the mother irritated: "Could you please open it?!"

"I ... I didn't lock it."

"Come on, Sofie, don't start to joke around you're not a child anymore."

"Mother, I didn't lock it! ... Hell, we don't even have a key for it!", said Sofie as she went up to her mother.

"You're right!", noticed Laureen: "Maybe it's just stuck."

Sofie tried to pull the door with all her strenght but nothing happened.

"Don't tell me we're stuck here now!", said the mother slightly panicky.

"Don't worry, we'll get out of here somehow."

"Maybe the window?", suggested Laureen while trying to open the door over and over again. Sofie turned around to go check the window when she got frightened. Right in front of her she saw Dana staring at both women with a playful but slightly malicious smile. Sofie was shocked and couldn't move her eyes away from the ghost. Dana waved at Sofie and disappeared. Her mother in the back didn't notice anything since she was still pulling the door. Sofie started to panic, she knew what was coming. The girl ran towards the window and tried to open it but it was locked as well. Once again she spotted Dana outside with a big smile on her face.

"Let us out", Sofie tried to whisper. Dana moved towards the window and said: "I will, but first I want to see you both struggle."

Sofie heard what the ghost said through the glass and whispered again: "No, please! Not in front of my mother!"

Dana nodded and disappeared once again. In that moment Sofie felt her bladder filling up. "Shit!", Sofie said. Laureen heard that and looked over to her daughter.

"The window is locked as well!"

"What?!", angry she stomped towards the window and tried in vain to open it aswell.

"What the hell is happening?!", Laureen complained. Then she got quiet all of a sudden. Sofie, whose bladder grew bigger and bigger, noticed her mother staring at something outside. The girl didn't need to look out aswell to know what, or better, whom she was looking at. The young woman started to feel the pressure in her bladder quite a bit and began to cross her legs but acted as if nothing was happening.

"What do we do now?", she asked her mother.

"I don't know", said Laureen with a slight shock in her face. The mother walked away and tried to reach the door when she all of a sudden stopped: "Argh!" Laureen flinched and placed her hands on her belly.

"What is it?", asked Sofie even though she knew what was going on.

"I need to pee, I already told you", Sofie's mother said and then moved towards the door again.

"There's no way out", Sofie thought desperately. She was already bended over and kept wiggling around with crossed legs, still trying to keep her need secret from her mother who apparently wasn't as desperate as she was ... yet.

"Come on!", screamed Laureen angrily at the door. She kept pulling and knocking and kicking hoping that something would happen but her efforts weren't paying of. Laureen started to feel the urge for the restroom as well. Sofie saw how she started to cross her legs and secretly hold her hand between them for a few seconds. The young woman instead was already so desperate she could barely move.

Her mother noticed that she went silent and looked over to her and saw a struggling expression in her daughter's face.

"Are you alright, darling?", asked Laureen carefully.

Sofie hesitated with the answer since she had to concentrate on not losing control.

"I need the toilet as well", she said eventually with the softest of voices. Her mother grunted and then the silence once again came into the room.

"Is it bad, Sofie?"

Sofie paused and then she whispered weakly:"Yes."

On the outside they were both trying to not show eachother how desperate they actually were, but Laureen noticed how Sofie was softly jumping from one foot to another. The girl knew that the only way out was to pee in front of her mother and vice versa but just the thought of it was incredibly embarassing.

The urge grew and grew in both bladders until Sofie couldn't contain herself and started to grab her crotch with both of her hands.

"Oh, my poor Sofie." Seeing her daughter in need wasn't nice for Laureen but even she was already struggling with her bladder. The mother was leaning against the door, desperately pressing everything against her crotch.

"Mother, I ... I can't hold it!"

"Me neither, darling ... We ... need to find something to pee in."

Sofie nodded.

"The cups, Sofie, over there!"

Laureen pointed at the cuboard next to the fireplace and Sofie, carefully, moved towards it. Bended over and with one hand pressed between her legs she opened the cupboard, but it was empty.

"There's nothing in here!", the girl panicked.

"What?!" Laureen turned her head to Sofie and noticed the empty cupboard too. Both knew Dana was responible for this and they didn't even try to explain it.

"Oh no, no no no! I'm not going to pee on the floor, Sofie."

Sofie was speechless, she was struggling so hard to not lose control that she couldn't talk anymore. The girl looked around trying to find anything to urinate in but the livingroom was small and empty. Instead something else that made her bladder even heavier caught her attention: on the floor, between her mother's feet she noticed some drops and tiny puddles.

"Mother ...", she whispered with a dying voice. Laureen looked at her and saw how Sofie was staring at the puddles.

"Sofie, don't lo...", she stopped and grabbed her crotch even tighter as a few drops once again splashed onto the ground. Sofie couldn't bear the sight of it and looked away.

"We need to find something ... quick", whispered her mother desperate.

"Mother, I can't hold it anymore!"

"I know, Sofie. I know, I am bursting as well ... I have to pee so so bad."

The tone of her mother's voice made Sofie weak and she knew that it was over.

"Mother, I'm sorry but ... but ..."

The girl quickly moved away from the cupboard into the middle of the room, she pulled her nightdress up and out of pure desperation she started to pee on the floor. Urine started to splash heavily on the wooden planks and the relief made Sofie feel like the happiest woman on earth.

Her mother was staring at her in pain. The sight of her daughters wet pee stream and its sound made her urge grow even more. The moment she heard Sofie moan in relief she couldn't hold it back anymore. Laureen pulled her skirt up and started to pee, without even squatting. She pulled her panties aside and the biggest pee stream just shot out of her.

"Mother, no!" Sofie said as she looked up and saw her own mother peeing standing up right in front of her. Splashes of the mother's pee landed all over Sofie.

"I'm sorry, dear, I couldn't ... Aaaaah", the mother moaned as she then squatted down as well. Mother and daughter were peeing in front of each other as if it had been the most normal thing in the world. The streams where splashing and moving all over the floor since both couldn't hold still.

"Oh, Sofie, this feels so good!"

Sofie nodded but was looking away because she couldn't endure the sight of her mother's pee flowing out of her. Laureen on the other hand was mesmerized by the sight of her daughter heavily urinating in front of her. She wasn't excited nor was she aroused she just couldn't keep her eyes of the actual beauty of her daughter who was lit by the warm light of the fire that was gently stroking her face. For sure a strange moment to admire the own daughter, but the lighteness Laureen was feeling made her senses go insane.

On the floor the two puddles merged into one and it was growing and growing. They were about to flood the whole room when Sofie finally stopped. She was exhausted but wasn't ready to stand up yet even though she was well aware that her genitals were still exposed to her mother but the sense of relief was so intense that she didn't care in that moment. Laureen had moved her eyes away from Sofie and was staring at her stream. Then she looked back at her daughter and saw her catching breath.

"You alright, darling?", Sofie heard the relief in her mother's voice. She nodded again.

"Don't worry, Sofie, you can look at me. I'm not embarassed anymore", said Laureen while she was still emptying her bladder.

Sofie shook his head. Then she pulled her underwear back up still squatting on the floor but stood immediately up as she felt how her slippers were soaking up the urine on the floor. She moved out of the giant puddle and took them of.

"Alright", said her mother:"I think I'm done here aswell." Laureen put her panties back in place and then stood up.

"Oh lord, I feel so much better now. Look what a mess we've made! ... It smells a bit", the mother giggled. Sofie was still lost of words and said nothing.

"You alright?"

Sofie nodded. Both women where catching their breath as Sofie noticed something strange. The locked door magically opened and the big puddle of yellow urine was flowing out of it.

"Look!", said Sofie surprised:"It's moving!"

The women began to follow the urine out of the door into the dark hallway and noticed how the housedoor was open aswell and the pee was just flowing out of it into the village.

Sofie and Laureen knew who was responsible for this, but both remained quiet and observed fascinated. Then, when all of the urine was out of the house, Dana's head appeared from behind the entrance. She smiled at Sofie and her mother, blew them a kiss and then gently closed the door while waving goodbye.

"A friend of yours?", asked Laureen.

"Friend of ours", giggled Sofie.

The End (?)

