Long Day at School

Author: Glowsicle

*000*2021-09-23 08:24

Hi all! Leaking/wetting tags are for a later chapter. This one focuses on setting up and building some of the desperation. If you couldn't tell from my last story or if you didn't read it, I'm a much bigger fan of holding and desperation/leaking than of any wetting itself, but I'll try to do right by both parts. Also all characters are 18 and are comfortable with each other. This chapter will likely be shorter than the next, as I'm just starting out. I hope you enjoy!

Anna had a lot going for her. She was tall and pretty, with blonde hair and tan skin. Boys seemed to like her well enough, and she never had trouble staying thin. Unfortunately, she was a completely average student. She zoned out in class a lot and hadn't joined any clubs or activities, aside from being on the JV cheer squad in her freshman year. Most of the time her grades were C's with the occasional B sprinkled in, and that had been fine with her. But now she was a senior, which meant that she had to get her act together if she wanted to get into a good college. That meant joining clubs and getting better grades. Luckily, the school had a way to accomplish both of these: tutoring club. Tutoring club was a club for people who wanted to help others, but also for students who needed help in some subjects. Unluckily, the club only met in the hour before school started, as that was when the most students were available to participate.

Anna had woken up late that day and had needed to rush to get to club on time. That meant no time for any real breakfast, though she did grab a nutrition shake on her way out. It also meant that she'd forgotten to use the bathroom before she'd left. She hadn't realized this until the nutrition shake was long finished and she was packing up her notebooks as tutoring club ended.

A dull ache pulsed in Anna's lower stomach as she zipped up her bag and slung it over her shoulders. Her water bottle made a sloshing sound as it jostled around in the bag, and she groaned internally at her own stupidity. Anna hated using public bathrooms, not only because they were gross, but also since she tended to pee very loudly and didn't like it when other people heard. She glanced at her phone- there were five minutes until the bell. She could duck into a bathroom while most people were on their way to classes and relieve herself in private. Just as she was about to leave for a bathroom, someone tapped her on the shoulder. It was Matt, Anna's best friend. Like Anna, Matt didn't do well with school and had joined the tutoring club.

"Nice job today, A," Matt said. "I'm sure they'll teach you to read in no time."

"Ha ha." Anna rolled her eyes. "Big words from someone who can barely spell his own name."

"I'll get there someday," Matt responded. "Want to walk to math together?"

Anna hesitated. She had really wanted to find a bathroom, but she didn't want to say it. Besides, their math teacher liked it when people showed up early. She could hold it for one class.

"Sure," Anna said finally. "Let's go."

Anna was already doubting her decision by the time class started. Her nutrition shake had started to make it's way into her bladder, and she kept shifting around in her seat without realizing it. She had forgot that today was double math, which meant that the class would be twice as long as usual. As the minutes passed, Anna grew more and more uncomfortable. She clenched rhythmically to keep herself in control.

"Miss Frederick," the teacher called. Anna snapped to attention. The teacher was pointing at a problem on the board. He held a piece of chalk out to her expectantly.

"Would you please come up here and solve this?" he asked. From the desk next to hers, Matt gave her a sympathetic look. Neither of them was very good at math.

Anna knew that she didn't have a choice. Carefully, she slid out of her seat, feeling the full weight of her bladder press down against her crotch as she moved to the front of the room. As she read the problem on the blackboard, she shifted her weight from one foot to the other, trying to keep her fidgeting as discreet as possible. Her bladder was fully ready to be emptied now, and it wasn't letting up.

Anna scribbled some calculations under the teacher's writing before attempting an answer. She looked at her teacher hopefully, but he shook his head.

"You're close," he said. "Remember to convert your units."

Anna glanced back over her work. Luckily, this kind of math was something she'd worked on in tutoring club last week, so she had some idea of what she was doing. As she inspected her calculations, a strong wave of urgency washed over her. She froze, tensing all of her lower muscles. Her butt cheeks clenched as she bore down on her urethra. After a second, the wave passed and Anna rushed to write another answer.

"Very good," the teacher said. "You may return to your seat."

Quickly, Anna darted back to her desk. Once she was seated, Matt gave her a weird look.

"What's wrong with you?" he asked accusingly. "You looked all tense up there."

"Nothing," Anna said. "Shut up."

Matt kept going. "Seriously, you kind of looked like you had to pee."

Anna glared at him. "Don't be an idiot."

Matt's eyes widened. "You totally did, didn't you?" he asked teasingly.

"No," Anna denied, but Matt was already grinning. "I said shut up!"

"How bad is it?" he asked. "When was the last time you went?"

Anna grit her teeth. "Last night."

Matt laughed out loud, grin widening. The teacher shot him a glare, and he held up his hands in apology. Anna turned away from Matt, deciding to keep her mind off her bladder by focusing on the class. For a while, it worked. But then she heard a quiet sloshing sound from next to her. She turned her head slightly and saw Matt shaking his water bottle back and forth, surpressing a grin. The sound of the water splashing against the edges made it impossible for Anna to focus on anything but her worsening need for relief.

"Matt," she hissed, "stop it."

But Matt kept going. Some students turned to see what the sloshing noise was, but nobody seemed to catch on. The sound was driving Anna crazy. She crossed her legs subtly under her desk, gripping her pencil hard in her hand.

"I'm serious," she whispered to Matt again.

"Seriously about to pee yourself," Matt responded. The sloshing continued, and Anna felt herself grow hot from the effort of holding. Her bladder felt like an overfilled water balloon, slipping all over the place so that it was impossible to contain.

After what seemed like ages, the bell rang. Doubles of first period meant that everyone went straight from their classes to lunch. Anna burst from her seat in anticipation of finding a bathroom- then she almost burst in another way. A whole night and morning's worth of urine was now boiling inside her bladder, and she had to twist her hips sharply and squeeze her thighs together to keep it all in. She could feel Matt laughing at her as she squirmed in place, fighting against the ocean inside of her.

It seemed to take forever for the aisle to clear, but finally Anna was able to escape the classroom. She was so ready to make a beeline for the bathroom that she didn't even look where she was going, and ended up running straight into someone. The impact jolted her bladder and she had to fight to keep her hands away from her crotch in the crowded hallway.

"Whoa," the person said. Anna looked up to see her boyfriend, Taylor.

"Easy, babe," he said. "Where's the fire?"

Anna scrambled for words. "What are you doing here?"

Taylor shrugged. "I wanted to walk you to lunch." he looked past Anna to see Matt. "Hey, bro."

"What's up?" Matt joined the little group. "So we're going to lunch?"

The two boys looked to Anna, who was conflicted. On one hand, she was dying for a toilet. But Taylor and Matt were ready to go to lunch, and she didn't want to hold them up. Besides, there was a bathroom by the cafeteria entrance. She could probably slip in while the boys got in line for food.

"Sure," Anna said. "Let's go."

*003*2021-10-06 19:13

Final chapter! I hope you enjoy. It may get a little unrealistic at the end, but hey, that's the fun of it.

Anna cursed as they approached the cafeteria. She'd forgotten that there were usually huge lines outside the cafeteria bathrooms during lunch, since nobody wanted to walk to the gym wing to use the bathrooms there. She let out a small whimper as her bladder struggled against her, but didn't object as Taylor lead her into the cafeteria. Taylor and Matt got in line, but Anna couldn't imagine standing up for so long without bursting into her pants, so she decided to find them a table instead. School lunches were usually gross anyway, and sometimes she didn't end up eating them at all.

She found an empty table and sat, crossing her legs and pushing her butt back into the stool. She was so desperate now that she couldn't stop fidgeting, sliding back and forth on the stool and wiggling her hips from side to side. Her bladder was achingly full and she was surprised she hadn't leaked yet, though she was sure it wasn't too far off. Her only hope was that the cafeteria bathrooms would have no line by the time lunch was over and she could go before her next class. All seniors had free final periods, so she only had one more class to go, but she highly doubted that she'd be able to make it through lunch dry, much less a whole other period.

Matt reached the table first. "You really are desperate, aren't you?" he asked. "Why don't you just go?"

"There's a line," Anna snapped. "And I don't want to walk to gym wing."

"Well you have to go sometime," Matt said. "You look like you're about to explode."

Anna glared at him, but Taylor joined them before she could say anything. He slid a tray of watermelon and a carton of milk over to her.

"The lunchlady gave me extra for you," he said.

Matt rolled his eyes. "Everybody loves the quarterback."

Taylor grinned. "Don't be jealous."

Anna really didn't want to eat the watermelon or drink the milk. It felt like she already had an insane amount of liquid inside of her. But Taylor had gone out of his way to get them for her, so she started nibbling carefully at the edges of the fruit and took a sip of milk.

"So what do you guys have next?" Matt asked as he chomped his own watermelon.

"Science," Anna and Taylor replied at the same time.

"I hear we're doing the water cycle," Taylor commented offhandedly.

"Oh god," Anna groaned under her breath.

"Water cycle?" Matt pushed. "Isn't that for grade schoolers?"

"Don't knock it till you know it," Taylor joked. "I bet you can't even name the steps."

Matt frowned in fake thought. "Evaporation... that's when the water disappears into the sky. Condensation... that's when it all gathers together into clouds."

He gave Anna a teasing look as he said the last step: "Precipitation. When all the water gets too heavy and the sky needs to let it all flow out. That's when we get rain and storms. It's the clouds letting out their part of a big, flowing ocean."

Anna's breathing quickened and she fought a whine. Her bladder was contracting with Matt's words, and she was pretty sure that she'd be letting out a big flowing ocean of her own in just seconds if he didn't let up. She crossed her legs tighter, rocking back and forth on the stool again.

"I actually think there's a fourth step," Taylor was saying, but Anna couldn't focus.

"I'm gonna go to the bathroom before class," she blurted, and sped away from the table as fast as her bulging bladder would let her before Matt or Taylor could say anything. This time when Anna saw the line of students outside the bathroom, she did let out a whine, quickly scissoring her legs and pressing her fingernails into her palms. There was no way she would make it to the gym wing before the bell rang, but maybe if the line moved fast enough…

Anna quickly got in line. Nobody in front of her seemed even half as desperate, but she knew from experience that none of them would let her cut. The line crept forward, and Anna bounced in place as her bladder filled. She shifted her weight, rubbing her hands against her thighs and trying unsuccessfully to keep her squirming to a minimum. She could hear the toilets flushing inside the bathroom and it was absolute torture, reminding her with each flush of just how good it would feel to open the floodgates and let loose, spraying gold for all she was worth. Anna quickly pushed away that imagery, rubbing faster at her thighs and praying that the line would hurry up. It was no use, though- just as she was finally nearing the front of the line, the bell rang and people began to pour out into the halls.

"No..." Anna moaned quietly. She had been so close, with only three more people ahead of her. It was tempting to keep her place in line, even if it meant that she'd be late to science. Surely one more tardy was worth not soaking herself in the middle of class.

Just as she was making up her mind to stay in line, Taylor emerged from the cafeteria. Anna straightened quickly, though she couldn't bring herself to separate her thighs. Matt stepped out of the cafeteria from behind Taylor, gave Anna one look that told her everything she needed to know about his belief in her holding abilities, and turned down the hall towards his next class.

"Ready to go, babe?" Taylor asked, as if Anna weren't very clearly sweating bullets in the bathroom line from the effort of holding.

"I actually didn't get to go," Anna admitted. "Long line."

Taylor nodded, and Anna got the sudden feeling that he was very aware of her situation. "Bummer. But Mrs. Clay won't want us to be late. You can hold it through one more class, can't you?"

At this point, Anna wasn't sure she could get through one more minute. But Taylor was looking at her quizzically, and behind him, the hall monitor was walking down the hall making sure everybody got to class.

"...okay," Anna said, taking the painful steps away from the bathroom and over to Taylor. He lead her, trembling with desperation, down the halls and to the science room, where they took a seat at a lab table in a middle row. Anna shifted her butt in circles around her seat, which made small rustling sounds as the seats had thin fabric cushions on them. She crossed her legs desperately, jiggling her knees back and forth under the table.

As promised, that day's class was all about the water cycle. Anna shook and grunted as Mrs. Clay first played a video that featured an animated rain drop swimming in a lake to gushing, splashing rain sounds, then as hundreds of tiny raindrops banded together to form a cloud. The final straw came when an animated raincloud felt himself "growing too heavy" and "unable to hold any more water" and was depicted relieving himself in a giant, oceanic toilet.

"Ahhh..." Anna moaned lightly, quickly smothering the sound with her hand. Her bladder contracted harshly and a long spurt of pee shot out, soaking into her underwear. The first spurt was quickly followed by a second, which made it all the way to her jeans. Anna's body jerked under the table, fighting uselessly against the leaks.

"Ahh," the cloud on the screen echoed her, "sweet relief!"

Anna's mouth formed a small O shape as another leak dribbled from her lips. She felt its warmth spread across her butt before taking her free hand and jamming it down into her crotch. Thankfully, the lights had been turned off for the video and the room was dark.

Anna felt eyes on her. She was pretty sure Taylor was watching, but she couldn't focus on it as she leaked yet again. The dam was cracking, and fast. She rubbed her hand desperately against her crotch, eyes rolling back as her bladder pulsed.

"Uh..." she panted. Under her breath, she groaned, "ohhh my god..."

Her next leak came with an audible hissing sound. She clamped her hand down against her crotch, but it just caused the pee to spray back at her. Her seat cushion was rapidly absorbing the pee that her pants couldn't as they grew more and more saturated with every spurt that escaped.

To Anna's right, Taylor was breathing harder than usual. She tried to spare him a glance, but her eyes snapped back to the ceiling as her body rolled with another wave of desperation. The rain drops on the projector screen were now performing a rain dance as they splashed noisily back into the lake.

Anna was pretty sure she was still dribbling- she hadn't stopped since her last leak. She canted her hips, breath shaky, as she tried to cut off the flow, but her bladder was weak from the stress of the day. The seat of her pants was warm and wet and she realized with horror that she was actively soaking herself right next to her boyfriend as they sat and watched a video about peeing clouds. She bit her lower lip to lock in the moan that was rising in her throat, breath still coming in quick, sharp bursts as she rocked her soaking crotch against her hand. Her other hand dropped from her mouth to grip at the chair beneath her as she fought. She hadn't realized how much she'd leaked until she felt the edge of her seat cushion squish beneath her palm. There was a dripping sound starting below her- she realized it was her pee beginning to cascade from the chair!

With huge effort, Anna grunted and strained until her flow closed off. She was still mad with desperation. How was it possible to let so much out and not feel it at all? The rapidly cooling wet denim that now clung to her ass wasn't helping much, nor was the wet squelching sound that her seat cushion now made as she danced in desperation. Luckily, her jeans were black and weren't likely to show much wetness, aside from the shine of lights. Unluckily, class was only halfway over and what unwilling relief she'd attained had done nothing to lessen her need. Her whole body was slick with sweat and pee, and she was sure her face was burning red. Even if she managed to make it through class, she'd never survive the walk home.

Anna shook her head. She couldn't focus on that right now. All she could think about was keeping the pee inside, second after second. She drew in a ragged breath, wiggling her butt in her chair as the video continued to play. Mrs. Clay had switched it to another animated explanation sometime in the midst of Anna's desperate battle, and most students had switched their attention over to their phones. Anna let herself squirm a bit more openly knowing that her classmates were now absorbed in their own lives. She rocked back and forth against her hand, uncrossing and recrossing her legs as her need grew. As time passed, she continued to let out short, breathy grunts and moans, biting them down when she endured a new wave of desperation. She couldn't remember ever being so full, or so ready to flood her pants and the rest of the science wing with them. Every so often a new gush would burst forth, warming her ass and crotch before soaking into the fabric cushion.

Anna was in the middle of a rather large spurt when Mrs. Clay's video suddenly began to buffer. All eyes turned to the projector screen as the sound cut out, and Anna froze, choking down the quiet moans and pants that had previously been disguised by the sound from the video. Her breath was coming in short, desperate gasps, and she sucked in deeply and held her breath, hoping she wouldn't give herself away with a moan as the video struggled to load.

"Darn this internet," Mrs. Clay said. She was an older woman not yet used to using technology in the classroom, and often needed students' help to troubleshoot her issues.

From beside Anna, Taylor shook his head and frowned in mock agreement. "Anna can help you with that, Mrs. Clay. She's really good with this kind of stuff."

Anna's head snapped over to Taylor, who returned her desperate and incredulous look with one of pure innocence. His gaze slid down to her bouncing crossed legs, then back to her face. He shrugged.

"Oh, that would be great," Mrs. Clay was saying. "Anna, could you come up here and look at this then?"

"I-" Anna struggled for words. "I'm not actually very good with-"

"You're better than me, right?" Mrs. Clay made a beckoning motion. "Come on, then."

Anna's brain was racing, but she couldn't think of a way out of this predicament. With military precision, she planted her feet against the floor and pushed herself out of her chair, wincing as she felt the pee that had begun to pool under her ass trickle down her legs, leaving wet trails in her pants. Her bladder screamed as she shuffled across the room, not daring to bring her feet more than a few inches apart. Once she reached the computer she bent over and stuck her ass out, clenching her cheeks and wiggling it back and forth while pretending to examine the computer screen. Another long leak shot out with surprising force, blasting right through her soaking pants and hitting the floor with a quiet splatter. Anna was mortified. She hadn't even known someone could pee that forcefully, especially if it was just a leak. It seemed like nobody had seemed to notice- apart from Taylor, who was watching her struggle with devilish interest.

Anna clicked the site refresh button, shifting her weight rapidly from one foot to the other as the screen flashed white. The video began to play again from the beginning, loud, watery splashing sounds included. Anna bit her lip, nearly overcome with desperation.

"Oh thank you!" Mrs. Clay said. "Now if you could just find our place…"

With a shaky hand, Anna scrubbed through the video timeline, sweat beading on her forehead as she skipped through different water-based sounds and images.

"There!" Mrs. Clay said as Anna came to a clip of a large waterfall crashing in slow motion. Droplets splashed out from the main stream, colliding with the lake below with wet plap-ing sounds. Another strong spurt shot from Anna's crotch, spraying loudly against the ground. She gasped, clenching her thighs together in an attempt to stop it, but it continued. With the largest steps she could manage, Anna scurried back to her seat, leaving a shiny wet trail behind her as she went. She was sure now that some students must have figured out her struggle, but it was hard to care when it felt like she was seconds from bursting and drowning the whole school in hot, golden piss.

Anna's ass slammed into her seat and she grabbed madly at her crotch, gripping it with both hands as if it were a grenade that would explode if she didn't hold tight enough. There was a low humming sound coming from her throat that she couldn't stop. In her peripheral vision she could see Taylor's chest rising and falling rapidly as his breath grew more labored.

Anna rocked her hips, grinding her crotch against her soaking palms. At this point she couldn't tell what was old pee and what was new- all she knew were the short burst of euphoric relief that came as she lost control in small fits, and the absolute desperation that came as she fought to gain control back. She let out a long, low whimper as she glanced at the clock. Class would be over in ten minutes- just ten more minutes of vibrant, watery torture and she’d be on her way to a toilet! Her mouth watered as she let herself imagine the pulsing, orgasmic relief she would feel when she finally found the privacy and release she craved.

Lost in her daydream, Anna didn’t notice Taylor reaching over until she felt his warm hand grasp her soaking thigh. She spared a glance over at him, but he was staring at the projector screen with a blank face. His fingers rubbed along the inseam of her dripping jeans as his hand crept further upwards. When it reached Anna’s own hands, still cupped tightly against her crotch, he began to pry. Anna gasped at the loss of support as he worked her hands free, a fresh jet of pee splashing out against her thighs and their tangled hands. But just as soon as her hands were gone, Taylor’s hand came down to cup between her legs. He was… holding for her? She couldn’t tell why. Wasn’t he disgusted with her? Or disappointed, at least, that she was eighteen and pissing herself like a toddler?

Taylor’s face betrayed nothing, but his hand pressed tightly against her. Instinctively, she rolled her hips, rubbing her core against him, but he pressed back just as hard, angling his wrist so that it dug sharply into her bulging bladder. She gasped loudly as a new gush of pee burst forth, not daring to look around to see if anyone had noticed. Taylor kept his arm still, fingers pressing between her folds and wrist resting heavy on her swollen bladder. Anna breathed shakily, shifting her hips this way and that as the urine sloshed inside her. She was sure that if she didn’t pee in the next few seconds that she’d either explode or go insane with desperation.

She kept one hand cupped around the outside of Taylor’s and used the other to prod at the damp seat cushion beneath her. The butt of her pants was already soaked through, and her legs were streaked wetness from the small streams that kept making their way down to the floor. How bad could wetting herself really be? She could angle herself up, letting the pee soak into the cushion and ride down her legs to join the small puddle that was already forming under her chair. People might not even notice- the room was still dark, and there were no more classes in the classroom for the day.

Reckless with desperation, she leaned over to Taylor. “Hey,” she whispered, “I don’t think I can hold it anymore… I think I’m gonna-”

But her thought was interrupted by the loud clanging of the bell. Class was over! She was in the clear, as long as she could make it to a bathroom in time. She shot up from her seat, ignoring the warm pee that sputtered from her crotch as she jetted towards the door. Students crowded around the exit, all trying to get out first so they could go home. Anna danced in place in the middle of the crowd, bringing her knees high to her chest and jumping frantically from foot to foot as everyone shuffled into the hall at a snail’s crawl. Finally, she was out of the room, and without a thought for Taylor or the trail of pee she was leaving behind, or even the students watching her, she took off towards the bathroom in a mad sprint.

But as she rounded the corner into the hall with a bathroom, her heart broke. Yet another line had formed, even longer than the one at lunch. Girls were shifting their weight uneasily, and some even had their hands in their crotches like Anna. There was no way she was cutting in this line, and no way she’d make it through the wait. But the pee was coming, and Anna refused to give in. She continued her dash past the bathroom line, heading for the school’s back doors. If she could just get outside and find somewhere out of sight from the students, she could rip her pants down and finally, finally-

For the second time that day, Anna slammed right into someone. It was one of Taylor’s hulking friends from the football team, on his way to the student parking lot. The impact sent Anna stumbling back. She wobbled, shoes slippery with pee and balance thrown by her desperation, and fell backwards on her ass.

“Whoa,” the football player said, “sorry.”

But Anna didn’t hear him. What was left of her holding power had been knocked away on impact, and there was nothing she could do to stop the flood now. She was going to piss herself, sitting on her ass in the middle of a crowded hall, and that was that. Throwing her head back, Anna let out a stifled moan, and burst.

Her release started so strong that it shot away from her in a great arc, splattering onto the linoleum a meter away from where she sat. The relief was more powerful than anything she’d ever felt before. Her arms wobbled under her, struggling to support her as she panted heavily, still halfheartedly trying to stop the crashing flood. The footballer had already lost interest in her and turned, but she was sure others were watching. Yet, in the middle of her complete euphoria, she couldn’t bring herself to care. Pee splashed through her jeans, some of it soaking into the denim and back down against her wet ass. The arc flattened as she forced herself into more of an upright sitting position, splashing against the floor between her legs. Anna bit her lip, hard, trying not to writhe from the force of her relief. She had never felt any feeling better than this.

In her haze, she felt someone grab her arm and pull her to her feet. It was Taylor, holding both of their school bags. Anna’s knees felt weak as she soaked herself, but Taylor kept her standing, guiding them both down the hall and away from the large puddle she’d created. Not that it would help- she was still going full force, leaving another trail behind them as they went. It wouldn’t take a detective to figure out where it was all coming from. But Taylor kept walking, leading Anna to an even more crowded hallway.

“Wha-” Anna tried to ask, but stopped short as Taylor pressed his large hand into her bladder. Her stream shot out more forcefully and she couldn’t fight the moan that passed through her lips.

“You have to be quiet,” Taylor whispered, but Anna couldn’t help it. Everything felt so good- Taylor’s hand on her swollen bladder, the hot pee jetting out from between her lips, even the residual feeling of desperation as she emptied herself onto the school floor. She canted against his hand, whimpering highly.

“Baby,” Taylor said again. “I’m serious. You have to be subtle.”

He leaned her against a locker, the hand that wasn’t on her bladder releasing the grip on her arm. She started to slide down the wall, knees still weak, but his free hand came to cup against her soaking crotch, keeping her upright as she sprayed pee into his hand. Her eyes rolled back as she fought another moan, and he covered her mouth with his, swallowing it for her. If she were more lucid, she would’ve been thankful for his great body shielding her and her accident from onlookers. But as it was, she couldn’t think of anything but the overwhelming relief of finally letting go.

It felt like she was emptying for ages. When her stream finally began to slow, she opened her eyes and saw that the hall had mostly cleared out. Wet footprints dotted the hall from the people who had stepped in her puddle, which was still crawling across the floor at an alarming speed. Taylor broke their kiss, leaning back and panting in tandem with Anna.

“You’re still going,” he whispered, sounding impressed.

“I’ve never had to pee so bad in my life,” Anna said back. “I thought I was going to drown in it.”

She groaned as Taylor pressed his hand into her bladder again, forcing the last of her pee to come out in a powerful stream before dying off abruptly. Now that Anna could think again, she realized how wet everything was- not just her crotch, but her legs and ass were soaked, and Taylor’s blue jeans had dark splatterings on them from where she’d peed on him. Her urine trail snaked through the hall before being absorbed into her impressive puddle. Seeing it all made her feel almost proud.

“What was that?” she asked, and she couldn’t tell if she was asking herself or Taylor. Taylor shook his head, releasing her crotch and returning his arm to her shoulders, helping her stand on her shaky legs.

“So.” He rubbed her arm reassuringly, letting the urine from his hand soak into the sleeve of her shirt. “Want to come over?”

