Nyanja Falls In (short Fortnite omo fic)

Author: guywithstuff

*000*2025-04-18 04:50

I NEED TO PEE! I NEED TO PEE! I NEED TO PEE

Nyanja ran up the hill, his claws desperately grabbing at his crotch, bladder begging for release. He didn’t have time for this “battle royale” stuff or any of the “resistance missions” or whatever he was supposed to be doing. He had one objective over any other at the moment: not pissing his pants.

I NEED TO PEE! I NEED TO PEE! I NEED TO PEE

A portable toilet stood at the hill’s peak, sitting beneath a tree. He didn’t know why it was there, but the fact that it was there was all that mattered to him. Sweet relief, just a few feet away. One hand stretched outwards, ready to open the one obstacle left in his way.

I NEED TO PEE! I NEED TO PEE! I NEED TO PEE

He flung open the door and was about to step inside, but instead of being greeted with a place to empty his bursting bladder, he was instead met with a strange sucking force, and a much bigger hole than he was expecting. He fell in, and found himself tumbling through a pneumatic tube.

His mind, which up to this point was repeating “INEEDTOPEEINEEDTOPEEINEEDTOPEE” in a rapid, panicked mantra, suddenly stopped, and was hit with a single simple thought.

“Oh.” He thought to himself. “It wasn’t a real toilet.”

Of course it wasn’t a real toilet. Fake toilets like these were all over the island, ready to take agents or combatants or whatever unlucky soul that stumbled into them to another destination, such as an underground base or out of a hot zone. That fake toilet was in the middle of a hilly field because it was an emergency escape hatch. He was still pretty new to this whole island thing and had forgotten all about it. He would’ve been better off pissing under the adjacent tree. But he didn’t, and now he was paying the price for it.

The tube spat him out and he flopped helplessly onto the concrete floor of a basement. Stomach first.

The impact was too much for him. His bladder gave out and a rapid stream of hot piss shot out of him, soaking his briefs, fur, and cargos, the puddle quickly expanding and soaking even more of him and his clothing.

The impact, combined with the immense and overwhelming sensation of relief, stunned him for a moment, which unfortunately gave the puddle more time to damage his clothes. But soon enough he pulled himself up to his knees. He mewed in relief, his mind too overwhelmed by the sensations his body was going through to realize the social aspects of it. Such as the other cat across the room witnessing this humiliating moment.

Meowdas completely forgot about the document he had been reading through. What he was supposed to be doing was selling guns and mission handling, not watching another cat wet himself. He blushed a little bit, not knowing what to do in this situation. He had gotten along well with Nyanja, but wasn’t expecting something like this to have happened. At least, not after a few more dates.

Nyanja, having finally finished pissing, breathed a sigh of relief, only to quickly switch to an overwhelming sense of embarrassment as he finally realized he wasn’t alone in the room.

They stared at each other for a few moments, blushing and lightly perspirating from what had just happened. Eventually, Meowdas found the words to say something.

“It’s…not the first time this has happened?” he said in a tone that made it very clear that this was in fact the first time this had happened.

For him, anyway. While Meowdas had been around for longer, it wasn’t by a particularly wide margin. Nyanja, lacking the words to respond to that, nervously chucked.

“Th-thanks?“

He looked down, needing to break contact. If locking eyes with his boyfriend (Boyfriend? Did he get to say that about him yet?) was the worst place to look, his own clothing was the second worst. The white hoodie and pants were drenched with urine. In the smallest of mercies, he had been hydrated enough that the massive yellow stain that covered him was a paler shade. Too overwhelmed and embarrassed to even think of the ways more shame and embarrassment could pile on, he lifted his hoodie and tugged open the waistband of his pants to check more of the damage. Yep, it had also definitely stained his no-longer-whities and fur.

Meowdas coughed, and tried to think of something, anything he could say to make this less embarrassing.

“Perhaps I could get you a change of clothing?” he suggested.

“R-really? You could do that?” Nyanja responded, really not expecting free clothing as a part of what had happened.

“Yes. I could find you something quite easily, I think. See me after the match?”

“Uh. Right. Of course! Thanks, big guy.”

Nyanja stood up, a few extra drops or urine coming off of him. He readied the rifle that had been strapped to his back, ready to continue the mission, and ran up the stairs.

About a minute later he was quickly gunned down by a much more experienced combatant and was kicked out of the match. This too was another small mercy, as the combatant was so quick and efficient they hadn’t even noticed how saturated his clothes were. The combatant proceeded to hit the griddy and about 15 minutes later got a victory royale.

###

{{:

Got this idea in my head for a little one-scene fic. Might have worked better for a comic given how short it is, but I had fun and really didn't want to make or pay someone more talented to make a whole comic about it. Maybe save that for a time where it's affordable.

Started writing up an aftercare scene but it got too long, became a regular erotic story and didn't have a lot to do with piss, so I axed it. Maybe I'll turn it into a standalone fic at some point?

}}

