A Small Experiment [Sherlock x Fem!Reader]

Author: genericpee

*000*2024-04-25 09:11

God damn it. Sherlock BBC is on Netflix and now I HAVE to write this.

If there are many sherlock bbc omorashi, but here it is. Lol.

Enjoy!

(warning: humiliation, Control, Consensual though. Minor typos here and there because I am rather eepy)

###

“You’re late.” The detective muttered as you entered the apartment, eyes still fixed on his microscope.

You had just arrived much later than your agreement and you could hear the hint of annoyance in his voice. “Yes. Sorry— busy day. That’s all.” You muttered as you took off my jacket and hung it near the doorway.

You were late because you had been deep in your research and had completely forgotten that you were supposed to meet Sherlock to help with his experiment on his case.

“I’m sorry for being late. I am going to make some tea first before we go right into your experiment. Would you like any tea?” You asked, hoping to distract him from his annoyance towards you.

“Black. No sugar.” Sherlock replied, short and curt. He is still clearly annoyed with your lack of discipline. "I've been running some tests on my own while I await your arrival," he adds as he removes the slide from the microscope and sets it aside.

His eyes wander over your outfit as you move towards the kettle. He noticed the short skirt and loose knee-high socks. His gaze travels up to your face, taking in your flushed cheeks.

"Is it warm in here? Or are you feeling a bit feverish?"

“Oh— I.. I suppose it is a bit warmer. Mrs. Hudson did say that she is warming up the place more now that Autumn is creeping in.” You said as you prepared two cups of tea. You were feeling thirstier than usual, so you decided to absentmindedly take a swig of a cup of water on top of preparing a cup of tea for yourself.

Once the kettle has boiled, you made two cups of tea and brought it over to the coffee table in the living room where Sherlock was sitting at.

“Hmm. I see," he says as you brought the cups over. His eyes fell on your outfit once more, making observations over the small speck of mud on the left corner of your skirt.

"Did you come straight here from the lab?" he asks as he accepts his mug of tea.

“I—,” you knew better to not question his deduction skills. “I did.. yes,” you confirmed. Still, you didn’t expect him to notice this usually, especially since have been wearing something less formal today.

You sat down on a chair near him and began sipping on your own cup of tea too.

“So, what are we doing today for your experiment? You said something about needing to test the strength of a human bladder for a case?” You asked, while adjusting yourself on top of the wooden chair.

With a slight smirk, Sherlock's agreed, "Something like that.” His voice barely concealing his amusement.

"I'd like to conduct a few tests, to gauge the limits of a person's bladder...” he continued.

“Because the case was regarding a woman in his 20s, I would need you to hold your bladder as I perform these tests. Of course, if you are still willing to help?”

Oh. You paused, absorbing what Sherlock had just asked for you to do. “I—I suppose that would be okay. How long would these tests be for? Would I be able allowed to use the washroom at all?” You could feel a small pressure building on your bladder, but not enough for it to be a noticeable need yet.

He shrugs, giving you a knowing smile as your question indicates to him that you are paying more attention to your bladder now. Which is exactly what he wants.

“It shouldn't take long," he replied with a tease, "Just one hour. Maybe two."

"And no, I don't think you'll need use the washroom for that time, do you?" he adds teasingly, staring at you with a knowing smirk.

Little did you know, Sherlock had dropped a known diuretic into your cup of tea when you were not looking. Not enough for it to be dangerous, but would be enough to make you feel desperate sooner than expected.

One or two hours should be somewhat doable, you thought to yourself.

“I.. I suppose I will be okay.” Your voice sounded calm and confident, but your hands were holding the sides of your skirt. While you do not feel much need as of now, the anticipation of being possibly having to hold a full bladder and being desperate for to urinate has made your attention diverted to your bladder more than usual.

Sherlock watches as you unconsciously hold the sides of your skirt, your hands resting almost on top of your own thighs. The diuretic has started to take effect, and the tea had also increased your hydration. The two factors must have amplified each other out, so the feeling of urgency should be a lot more noticeable momentarily.

"Let's begin the first test then," he adds as he picks up his cup of tea and starts sipping it. Sherlock had planned a list of questions that he would be asking you, to not allow your thoughts from being distracted from your growing need. This was designed to be the mental test portion of the research he is doing.

He had also planned some physical tests that would be done to further expand on his findings.

You looked at him, noticing his knowing gaze, but still not knowing what he seems to know about the situation. You can slowly feel a light need to urinate building, but not enough for it to be noticeable. It is still something that is manageable, and you can certainly hold on without being too desperate by the end of the two hours as long as you are not forced to drink more liquids.

You blushed as you noticed the small tinge of urge and looked away, trying to distract yourself. “What would the first test be?”

Sherlock smirked as he caught your blush. It was clear that you weren’t aware that he knew the effect the diuretic he had slipped into your tea would have on your bladder.

"The first test will be to have you sit here and answer my questions," he says, motioning to a small questionnaire that he has on his desk. "It will help me get a better understanding of your current state. All I need you to do for this one is simply sit here and relax."

Oh, that will definitely help you with distracting yourself from your growing need, you thought to yourself. You made a small smile, and pushed your thighs closer together, trying to look more confident in yourself despite your inevitable growing need. “Sure, let’s start.”

Sherlock picks up the questionnaire, and read the first question.

"Alright then. The first question is... how would you describe both your physical and mental state at the current moment?"

“Hmm,” you paused, feeling the warmth of the room and feeling a bit thirsty. “I mean, despite from the feeling of anticipation for what is about to happen. I also feel, rather thirsty.” You chuckled a bit and absentmindedly reached over a glass of water that was placed near you and started sipping on it.

"Thirsty... I see," Sherlock said, not missing the motion of you sipping the water. The diuretic must have entered your bloodstream then, he thought to himself.

He notes the way you keep your thighs tightly closed together and glances at them with a small smirk.

"Second question... How would you describe your bladder at the current moment? Would you say it's at a normal level? Or is there any sensation of pressure or urgency?"

“Oh— um,” you paused for a moment, shifting yourself slightly on your seat and adjusting your thighs that are currently still pressed together. “I… suppose it is just slightly above the normal level, I would say..”

Your response is all that Sherlock would need.

"So you're already experiencing a low level of bladder urgency?" he asks curiously.

"That is quite interesting... let's see..."

He turns the questionnaire a little further and moves on to the next question.

"Third question... is there any other level of discomfort that you are currently feeling? Do you have any pain in your groin or abdomen? Any cramping or bloating? Or are you just feeling your level of bladder urgency?"

More questions about needing to pee. Come on! You thought to yourself, annoyed that you are forced to focus more and more to the sensations of your bladder.

“I suppose I don’t feel any pain or cramping at all. But I do feel a slight tinge of need, which usually would make me use the washroom within the next few minutes.” You answered honestly, looking around the room, avoiding his gaze.

"Mmm... indeed..." Sherlock says as he makes a note of your response, noticing that you're beginning to shift in your seat more and more often.

On the back of your head, you could feel the sensation of urgency is beginning to grow, pushing against your bladder, making it more uncomfortable.

"Let's move on to the next question... would you say you are able to go to the washroom right now or is there any difficulty, or discomfort?"

Suddenly, almost as if a switch had been flipped, you felt a significant increase in your urgency.

In response, you pressed your legs tighter before jiggling a small bit. “I— uh, I definitely could.” The thought of using the washroom washes over your head, and your bladder tingling, telling you that it would need that relief soon. You gave my thighs another press again, hoping the sudden new sensation would go away.

Sherlock watches you closely, noting the increasing amount of times you were moving and shifting in your seat, as well as the visible tension in your thighs as you try to suppress the growing sensation of desperation in your bladder.

The look in his eyes indicated that he was thoroughly enjoying watching you squirm.

"Let's proceed to the next question, then," he says with a small grin.

"If a belt were to be placed right above your bladder, would you still be able to hold your bladder for the next… say, two hours?”

You shifted a bit to the left, adjusting your legs to cross over the other, trying to find relief over the sudden steady increase of need to pee.

The thought of a belt put on top of yout bladder made you shudder. But you tried your best to keep a calm face. “I— I think I should be okay.” You answered, being perhaps a bit too optimistic. It has barely been more than 10 minutes since you have started feeling the need to urinate, and you are surprised that you are already feeling much more desperate than usual.

For a moment, Sherlock studies your response with interest.

It seemed you were confident that you would be able to hold your bladder for two more hours, even if a belt was put right above it. And yet, he observed that your thighs were already pressed tightly together from the growing need to urinate.

Something did not add up.

Sherlock stood up, and grabbed a belt and handed it to you.

“For the next few questions, I would need you to wear this.” He handed the belt to you, it looked like a simple canvas belt with a metal buckle at the front of it.

Sherlock noticed a small flash of fear behind your eyes when he told you to put the belt on.

“Make sure that it is snugly above your skirt, pressing directly down to your bladder.” He commanded.

Not wanting to back out, you slowly stand up and put the belt around your bladder, and carefully tightening it to his request before sitting back down. Sherlock noticed your careful movement and smirked, knowing that you now have realized how much you have overestimated yourself with your previous answer.

"Hmmm... very good then. Let's continue..."

He turns to read the next question on his list.

"In your opinion, where is the first place that you would feel a sensation when losing control of your bladder?"

You adjusted your legs to accommodate the new pressure of the belt right above your bladder. You shuddered and slowly moved your hands to hold your thighs, wishing that you could grab yourself to help with the growing need.

But, instead, you grabbed the ends of your skirt, trying to hide your increased desperation.

“I— um. Would say it would take to the point where,” you paused, trying to focus on answering the question while your bladder is sending yet another signal of its want of relief. “Ah, when.. um, the need, gets focused near the— uh, urethra.. I suppose.” You blushed, shuddering you grip the ends of your skirt tighter.

As you answer his question, Sherlock watches you closely and notices the ways you were squirming and holding yourself.

It was clear that the need to urinate was now significantly higher than it was before.

"And at this point, would you be able to ignore the sensation of bladder pressure for another hour?" he asks next, taking a pen and making a note before he continues speaking.

You had been looking around the living room, trying to stop yourself from wriggling pathetically in front of the detective with your increasing desperation.

Your head snapped to his gaze as you heard his next question. “H—hour?” you repeated him, hoping that you had heard it wrong. Sherlock nodded, eyes focused on you.

“I.. I could try. But it would be very, very hard.. especially with this .. um, belt on.” You pointed at the belt that is sitting rather snugly above your bulging bladder. This, in combination with what you have drunk, had successfully made your bladder show itself under your skirt and the snug belt.

Sherlock smirks as he notices the fear in your eyes and your constant shifting in your seat.

"Then let’s check your bladder's maximum capacity next," Sherlock adds, watching you with an amused glint in his eyes.

He picks up another pen and makes a note.

"Approximately how many millilitres do you believe your bladder would be able to hold before you absolutely need to relieve yourself?"

Almost as if it was timed, you could feel another sudden exponential increase in your desperation. Your hand gripped your skirt tightly and your thighs are clamped shut.

“I-um. I—,” you blubbered, feeling embarrassed, from both being pathetically desperate despite barely drinking anything, but also because you are not sure how to answer his question.

You wouldn’t want Sherlock to know that you been experimenting with your bladder rather frequently. Since it was for your own enjoyment than for a proper scientific research.

Quietly, you decided to be honest.

“A-approximately, um.. 1.5 litres.. before I— uh, start to lose control.” You muttered, cheeks red and embarrassed. Hoping that Sherlock wouldn’t ask how you would have known the exact number.

The detective cocked his head and lets out an amused chuckle at your answer.

"1.5 litres?” he asks, glancing up at you once more. "Are you sure?"

He raises an eyebrow as he speaks, finding your answer rather comical, yet also rather... interesting.

"You mean to tell me that I could pour 1.5 litres of water directly into your bladder, and you would still be able to hold the liquid for an additional period of time?"

The thought of water being directly poured into your bladder had sent another urgent pang to your bladder.

Silently, you nodded and slowly crept your hand to between your thighs, trying to subtly hold yourself.

Sherlock smirks as he notices you started to hold yourself with your hand. He can even see your hands trembling ever do slightly.

"And how would you know that you are starting to physically lose control over your bladder? When the pressure within your bladder becomes too much, and no amount of willpower can hold back the liquid?"

He says as he moves his gaze down to look at your bladder, noticing the slight bulge that is growing as it begins to fill up.

You shuddered to the thought of relieving yourself, and wishing that you could do just that.

“I—ah, started, feeling my muscles.. um, fluttering. Down there.. when um, the.. the dribbles are longer in between.. and I um, could— barely keep it in.” You answered as honestly you could, although for every word you had said had taken back to every memory you have of in the brink of losing control over a full bladder. You were painfully reminded how the sweet release would feel. But alas, you must hold on, all because you had agreed to do this research, remember?

Sherlock notices your movements and the way you shift in your seat every few moments, but his gaze remains locked onto your bladder. He lets out a chuckle as he listens to your answer.

"So, your body would begin to show signs of the need to urinate... trembling within your pelvic and thigh muscles, which would be accompanied by the increased number of dribbles and streams of urine that you would start to be unable to stop, no matter how hard you tried to hold it in?"

This time, the thought of the dribbling sensation and being able to have streams of urine out of your body made you yelp and immediately shifted your legs tighter.

In an attempt to hold back the sudden wave, you accidentally bent over slightly, which pushed the belt onto your bladder more, making everything worse.

“Y-yes.” You answered quietly, eyes looking to the ground, face red.

At this point, Sherlock is more than aware that you are on the brink of losing control. Your movements are becoming increasingly desperate, and the increasing bulge of your bladder under your skirt is quite noticeable. Which would only mean that this would be the perfect time to do the physical test portion of this research.

"Excellent," he says, leaning forward slightly. "The next test..."

“T—the next test?” you looked up, hands still between your thighs. Your eyes had welled up slightly because of the constant stinging sensation in bladder as you try to hold on another wave of desperation. You could feel the bulge over your skirt, desperate for a release.

Sherlock smirks at your increasing desperation and knowing what is about to come next. But he didn’t let it change his voice or his demeanour.

"The next test is a physical one."

He leans over, grabs the belt that is strapped right above your bladder, and carefully tightens it.

"The goal," Sherlock continues, "is to determine how much external pressure your bladder can withstand.... without involuntarily relieving itself."

In response to the increased pressure, you immediately clamped your legs harder together. Without any care of the world, both of your hands were immediately clamped between your legs. You let out a small yelp with the sudden increase in pressure.

“Tut,” Sherlock tutted at your reaction, “You must keep your legs apart and your hands off. We need to measure the strength of your sphincter, and your sphincter only.” Sherlock said, smirking.

You looked up at him fearfully, knowing that you would barely be able to hold it all in without your legs and hands. Prior to Sherlock tightening the belt, you could sense that your bladder was just in the process of regaining its control. Hence, the sudden pressure had immensely reduced your bladder’s ability to hold all of your liquids inside.

“I—I don’t think I could make it..” you said, quietly.

Sherlock looks at you and smirks, his eyes studying every single subtle change in your expression, breathing, and movement.

He is loving this.

"You CAN do it," he said, as he begins using one of his legs to force your thighs to separate from being pressed together. He took your hands and pulled them from between your legs.

Your bladder screamed to the sudden lack of pressure, and you can feel a stronger wave now than ever. You let out a small cry in distress, all the while trying your best to regain control without the additional pressure of your thighs and hands.

You squirmed in your seat, desperately trying to clam your thighs back together but unable to do so. You could feel your hand trying to hold yourself but unable to do so as it is held by Sherlock’s grip.

“Please.. I don’t th—think I can hold it.” you pleaded, desperately trying to use all of your willpower to hold your desperate bladder in.

Sherlock gives out a low chuckle as this is exactly the state he wants you to be in.

"Let’s continue the test." He says, without a hint of care. He did not let go of your arm, and continued to use his leg to keep your thighs separated.

Your eyes widened with fear, and you could feel a small dribble starting to force itself out. “T—there's more o—of the.. ah—test?” You asked, voice croaky, still desperately trying to grab yourself to hold this unbearable need to urinate. You have lost whatever dignity you had left within you.

Sherlock's smile widens to a grin as you let out a small whine, and he can see yet another small dribble of urine slowly forcing its way out.

"You are doing well," Sherlock says, amused, "But yes, there is more."

With this, Sherlock shifts forward and grabs your other leg, and with both of his legs, he forcibly spreads your legs further apart.

The pressure on your bladder increases even more as he does so. With his grip, he prevents your hands to come anywhere closer to your crotch.

The wave was too much, the pressure was too much. Everything was too much.

“I-ah— Sh-Sherlock. I can’t hold i—t.” You could feel your muscles spasming, warning you what is about to happen. “P—please ah— I— I need—,”

His eyes narrow as he realizes that your desperate bladder is on the brink of losing all of its control.

But, he couldn’t stop now, could he? This was for his research, after all. And… he is enjoying himself too much to let this go.

“You need what?”

He says, still with a wide grin on his face, waiting for you to finish the sentence, still not allowing you to use your hands or legs to hold your bladder.

You could feel your bladder slowing slipping its control away. Still denied for any form of release, you let out a pitiful whine, and attempted yet another futile act to try tried to clasp your thighs together.

“I—-need to, ah!”

You could feel a spurt slowly dribbling out of you. Your sphincter was starting to flutter away again.

“Sh—lock, I— need—t-to pee,” you begged, tearfully, while being denied from being able to hold yourself.

Sherlock watches the small spurt escape, and smiles even wider.

He does not let go of your legs the entire time, and only tightens his grip, enjoying the fact that there is nothing you can do to stop the increased pressure now.

“Oh, you have to pee?”

Sherlock asks sarcastically, feigning a surprised expression.

“I see!”

He leans in, grabbed the belt, and tugged harshly on it. His eyes glimmered as he lets out a sadistic chuckle, adding, “Do YOU think that you can hold it?”

Your gaze met his grey eyes, trembling as you felt another wave of spurts of urine forcing itself out of your body. Tears start to well up in your eyes as you desperately attempt to fight a losing battle with your full desperate bladder.

“I— I— please, —please let me— I—I ca—can’t.” You sputtered, as you felt a patch of urine growing on your skirt.

Sherlock can barely contain his excitement now as he watches the urine slowly forcing its way out, and soaking into your skirt.

"You can't?" he asks, with an amused yet sadistic grin.

He tightens his grip on your belt even more. You let out another cry.

"You can’t what?”

“H—hold,” A spurt, this time, lasting a few seconds.

“—-it…” Another spurt, more of a trickle, about 5 seconds before it slowed down into a dribble. You are losing control, and you know it.

"Is that so?" he asked, sarcastically.

Sherlock lets out a small smirk as he watched you struggle deliciously under his control.

"I was under the impression that you had a 1.5 litre bladder. Have you underestimated your own ability? You barely drank a litre of liquid.”

He leans in closer to you, his eyes narrowing as he watches the desperate struggle growing and unfolding before him.

"Do you think you are losing control?"

You let another yelp as your bladder starts to fully give away in a series of sputtering stream. “I— I—,” another long spurt of urine started soaking through your skirt, creating a small puddle.

“I— can’t hold— it,” you can feel a stream slowly steadying itself. “P—please let me.. let me —,” you started choking between your own sobs.

“Oh my.”

Sherlock’s face lights up as he watches the puddle of urine form underneath you, sputtering all over the bottom hem of his dress pants and the hard wood floor.

He can tell how utterly desperate you've become the more he keeps pushing you further and further.

Sherlock knows that he had gotten enough for his research, but he is curious on how far he could push you.

“We need to keep this test going,” he says, shifting his legs to spread your legs even farther apart, and soaking the thigh of his pants in the process.

You could feel your bladder slowly steadily starting to let go. Nothing that you could do could stop yourself from actively wetting yourself. You let out a small pitiful sob as your bladder continues to empty itself without any ability to hold anything in, despite being a full grown adult.

Sherlock lets out a wide grin, and watches with amusement as more and more pee continues to come out of you.

"Oh, look at that," he chuckles, his eyes still locked on the puddle forming beneath you, he adds, "You really can't hold it anymore, can you?"

You nodded quietly, still stifling a small sob as your bladder continued to push its contents out before slowing down. After what felt like an eternity, the dripping noises were met with quietness as your bladder finished releasing all its urine out.

The smell of urine filled the room, and you could feel the coldness starting to creep on to you from the wetness on you.

"Well, well, I believe we have successfully completed our little experiment." The detective said as he looked down to the mess you have made.

"You indeed have a limit, and your bladder is not quite as strong as you had originally anticipated," Sherlock says, smirking, as he releases your leg.

He reaches over and grabs a towel from the nearby dresser and hands it to you.

"Here. You might need this." He says, and watches as you take the towel and begin to wipe away the puddle of urine from between your legs, which has now soaked through your skirt.

A wave of embarrassment washed through you as you clean up the mess you have made. Damn it.This is definitely the last time you would blindly agree to help the prick with his experiments.

