My secret boyfriend Derek

Author: Guest cherry65

*000*2021-08-02 16:16

Page 1

@@The leaves crunched below my boots as I walk along the side walk. I admire the fall colors and reminisce that my final first day of high school has just passed. "Can you hurry up please?" I heard from my boyfriend Derek who's shuffling a couple feet ahead of me. I can see his fathers house from here and he's almost jogging at this point. I pick up my pace and try not to smile to obviously. I catch up to him and he grabs my hand. We run up to the house together, his father's car isn't in the driveway which means he's not home from work yet. Once we're inside I can barely get my coat off before Derek is practically dragging me up the stairs. Through the upstairs hallway the bathroom is across from Derek's bedroom. The door is open and it is unoccupied. Derek doesn't even look he just lets go of my hand and heads into his room. I follow after him and close the door behind me. My heart beats louder when I see him grab himself. His hand now firmly pressed between his legs he bounces up and down as he shuffles straight for his desk. Opened half empty boxed of diapers are lined up jaggedly against the hall as soon as you enter the door way. To my left I sit on the end of his bed which crinkles from the plastic coating as I sit. Derek now sitting in his leather desk chair is now no longer visible from the doorway from the waist down. I sit on the edge of the bed tensely watching. His keys board clicks become more frantic and it's the only sound I can hear until some song comes blasting through his sound system. All the while his one hand still never leaving from holding himself between his legs. I can't help but cross my legs as I watch. The mattress cover crinkles again beneath me but you can no longer hear it over the music. Conveniently there are towels already on the floor wether this was pre determined or not still makes me giggle unintentionally as I watch him rocking back and forth legs firmly pressed together. He sees me smiling and spins his chair towards me. The music is so loud I don't hear the wheels spin against the floor. He sits back in his chair pulling his hand away from his crotch and placing it on the arm rest. He sits across from me and smiles smug. His legs no longer bounce his feet no longer tap and I bite my lip. He closes his eyes and starts peeing his pants, like- really peeing his pants. The stream spreads quickly between his legs soaking the front of his jeans and running down his legs. If the music wasn't so loud I'd hear it pouring out onto his chair and dribbling down onto the floor. Pee runs down his pant legs and down forming an ocean on the floor. Derek now completely relaxed and slumped in the chair is making eye contact with me and he looks at me naughtily. Once I no longer see anything running to the floor he reaches over and pauses the music. He stands up and turns around to show me his backside which is completely soaked. I can feel my panties damped I'm so turned on. Derek turns around to face me again he looks down at himself in an over exaggerated fashion and pulls at his jeans to unstick them from his thighs. He looks at me with puppy dog eyes " I peed my pants..." He whines. I blush and get up from the bed. I kick over a towel that's already on the floor into the puddle at his feet. " I can see that." I say softly. "Will you change me?" He whispers back to me as I un button his jeans. "Well I guess I have to now." I tease pulling down his jeans. "Hey, you know I don't know how." he says grabbing the desk for support as I pull his jeans and underwear off. His socks are wet too so I take those off too. I stand again to face him, he's wearing a hoodie and nothing from the waist down I can't help but giggle and smile ear to ear when I look down at him. "I feel better already" He whispers to me before leaning in to kiss me softly. I kiss him back and I feel him get hard and press up between my legs. I pull away and I now have a wet mark on my jeans. He laughs "whoops." I shake my head "I think its bath time."

@@Maybe I should give a little more context to this story now that I have your attention. Derek and I met through a counseling group when I started high school. I'd been through my share of troubles and had little to no contact with my family anymore. Derek's mother passed away and his father was the only other person in his life. We became friends very quickly and formed a strong relationship. Derek has always wet the bed, even before his mother passed away. Not only have we bonded through our similar traumas but we share the same fetish. While Derek showers I erase the evidence of his little "show". I sit on the back of the couch with Derek freshly dressed with sweats sitting between my legs. I brush his wet hair while we watch tv for two minutes before his father Jason walks in carrying a pizza box and a briefcase. "Wow you're a good baby sitter you already have him bathed and ready for bed." Jason teases me. I blush Derek chimes in "Ha-ha I haven't even eaten yet dad." Jason puts down the pizza box onto the coffee table in front of us and smiles sarcastically at Derek before turning to head upstairs. "Thank you!" We say in unison to him as he heads up the stairs. "You're welcome." He waves before turning back up the stairs. We eat and I clean up the plates in the kitchen. I can see Derek standing by the dining table no one eats at and he has his back turned to me eyes glued to the tv. When I get closer I see the puddles on the floor and it starts growing larger around him. "Babe?" I say to him he turns to me caught out of a daze, his thumb still in his mouth. "Whoops." He mouthed around his thumb. His Dad starts running down the stairs briefcase in check on his cellphone. "No, no I'll be right there!" he shouts into his phone. He stops at the bottom of the stairs and looks his son up and down who's soaked his grey sweat pants in a big boy accident. He doesn't get off the phone and just heads out the door Derek and I just look at each other nervously in silence. Before either of us has a chance to recover and say anything his father walks back in through the front door holding a large package of pull-ups. "Look, I don't care about whatever it is that you guys like to do while I'm not around, just please. Don't make a mess." He puts the package into Dereks arms who's still standing in his own puddle. "Yes sir." Derek's voice cracks out before his father is back out the door. We look at each other and can't help but laugh.

