Drug Test Desperation

Author: Guest HondaGuy

*000*2017-07-29 01:36

18 yr old Emily had just graduated high school, and she was preparing to start her summer job as a lifeguard before going off to college. Today was the day she had scheduled to take her drug test that all new employees of the park district were required to take.

*BEEP BEEP, BEEP BEEP* Emily's 9:00 alarm sounded, and she slowly woke up as she turned it off. She glanced at her phone and saw the time. She knew she didn't have much time to get ready for her 10:00 appointment. Emily's plan was to just hold her pee until she got to the doctor's office, but her bladder was cooperating. She woke up with he thighs pushed tightly together and her bladder feeling like an overstretched water balloon. "OOOoohhhh," she moaned, as she struggled to hold the flood of pee in. There was no way she could make it to the doctor without peeing her pants. She got out of bed, wearing only a bright red thong. She quickly waddled to the bathroom and released a rush of pee as soon as she sat down on the toilet.

She took a quick shower, brushed her teeth, and began getting dressed. She wore a white bra, a red t shirt, and tight, black spandex shorts. She looked at the time. 9:20. She put on her black flip flops and headed out the door. She knew she'd have to get something to drink on the way there or else she wouldn't have to pee. She pulled into the nearest McDonalds drive thru and ordered a large iced coffee. Her bladder was ridiculously small, but she needed to fill it up quickly so she'd be able to do her drug test. She got her drink and headed toward the doctors office. 

It was already 9:35. She started chugging her iced coffee. It tasted so good and gave her a slight energy boost, which she needed after staying up late the night before. Once she was about halfway done with her coffee, she pulled into the parking lot. She had 10 minutes to get herself checked in. With half the coffee already in her system, her bladder was just starting to fill up. If she concentrated hard enough, she could just barely feel the urge to pee.

She walked inside, still chugging her coffee, and met a lady at the front desk. Emily gave her name and the lady introduced herself as Steffany.

"Alright, looks like we're doing a simple drug test today," Steffany confirmed.

"Yep, thats right," Emily replied.

"Your appointment is at 10:00, so I need to ask this since we're getting close.... Do you have to go to the bathroom?"

"A little bit," Emily said. "Im drinking this coffee to make me have to go"

"Ok, great! But since you don't need to urinate yet, we will need you to drink this bottle of water before we get started." Steffany was very professional about the way she explained things. She handed Emily a 16.9 oz bottle of water and showed her to a seat in the waiting room.

After a few minutes passed, Emily finished her coffee and the urge to pee was starting to growing. It was not 10:01, and Emily was wondering when the doctor would call her in. Steffany peeked over the counter and noticed Emily hadn't started drinking the water yet. She walked over to Emily's chair and said "You need to hurry up and drink your water, or else we won't be able to do your drug test,"

"I'm fine, I don't need it," Emily insisted. "When will the doctor call me in?"

"I let her know you won't be ready until you finish your water and need to urinate."

"I already need to, though." Emily was very comfortable with her body, but she was always shy when it came to talking about her bodily functions with strangers.

"You need to drink your water first," Steffany reassured.

Emily began drinking the water. Over the next 15 minutes, she steadily drank half the bottle. By now, Emily's bladder was filling up fast! She sat in the chair with her legs crossed, bouncing her feet up and down. Her stomach felt full from everything she drank, and she wanted to get into the office before she peed her pants. She walked up the counter and asked Staffany when it was going to be her turn.

"I know your appointment was at 10, but if someone comes in and says they don't feel the need to urinate, we have to make them drink a bottle of water first." Steffany sternly explained.

"But I drank a ton of coffee too. I need to go!" Emily replied, shuffling in desperation.

"Well, you need to finish your water first! Then we'll get you in. That's our rule."

Emily sat back down and started drinking her water again. Her bladder was getting full and she had to keep her thighs pushed together to keep herself from leaking. With each drink she took, she felt her bladder becoming fuller and fuller. She finally swallowed the last sip from her water bottle. Her bladder felt so heavy that it was hard for her to hold it. She walked up to the counter and told her need to Steffany. "I drank all the water, and I really need to go!"

"You feel the urge to urinate?" Steffany asked.

"Yeah!!!"

"Ok. Follow me, and we'll get you to the doctor." Steffany escorted Emily back into a room with a bed and a row of cabinets, just your typical doctor's office.

"Hi Emily, Im Ariel. Ill be your doctor today," A mid-30s lady in scrubs greeted Emily and closed the door. "I understand we're just here a drug test. Let me ask you a question... Do you feel like you need to go to the bathroom?"

"Yes!" Emily said, pee dancing as she met the doctor. Her tight spandex shorts were pressing against her bladder, increasing her need for release. Her bladder felt like it could burst at any minute. All the coffee and water she drank went straight through her and ended up in her tiny bladder. Her hand was pressed deep into her crotch as she danced from one foot to the other.

"Ok, you are wearing underwear, right?" Ariel asked.

"Uhhh, no." Emily said. She wasn't wearing anything beneath her spandex shorts.

"Ok, well usually we'd have you take off your pants and then we'd send you into the bathroom to fill up the cup." Ariel explained. "This helps us make sure no one is sneaking anything in with them. But since you aren't wearing underwear, Ill need you to take off your shorts for me.

Emily flung off her flip flops and carefully peeled off her shorts. She spotted a small wet spot right in the middle. She didn't even feel any leaks! She danced around some more as the doctor prepared the sample cup. Another small drip escaped and ran down Emily's leg. Ariel handed Emily the cup and said "Alright now hold still. I need you to fill up this cup."

Emily positioned the cup right under her pee hole and released a thick stream of clear pee! Before she knew it, the cup was filled! She tried to stop the flow but she couldn't cut it off in time and the dribbled on the floor. A few more drops escaped and Emily blushed in embarrassment. There was now a small puddle on the floor and Emily's feet were wet too!

"Someone needs to go potty!" Ariel smiled and laughed. She assured Emily not to worry about the puddle. "It ok, it happens. It must have been hard to stop the flow!"

"It was! I drank so much and I have a really small bladder. Can I please go pee?" Emily pleaded for permission to use the bathroom. Her bladder was still full, as she had to go so bad!

"Ok just a second, and Ill show you where its at. You need to put your shorts back on."

Emily slipped her shorts back on, but left her flip flops off. She loved being barefoot. "How far away is the bathroom?"

"Its a little ways. We'll go in a second."

"ooohh," Emily moaned as she began pee dancing again.

"Are you ok?" Ariel asked as she got up from her chair.

"Yeah. I just need to go pee really bad!"

They both walked down the hall to the bathroom. Ariel opened the door and showed Emily where the toilet was. Emily closed the door and ripped off her shorts. She sat on the toilet and let out a rush of pee! She moaned, as it felt so good! "I dont know how Im ever going to make it through these 5 hour shifts at the pool without a bathroom break," she said to herself.

$$

*003*2017-08-24 03:24

Emily started to feel very tired on the way home. Even though she drank some coffee, staying up late the night before was really catching up with her. Once she got home, she went to her bedroom to take a nap. She pulled off her shorts, t shirt, and her bra. She slipped under the covers and began to fall asleep. By now, she felt a slight urge to pee since she drank so much but she let it go.

An hour later she woke up to the sound of her door opening. "You need to wake up now!" her mom said. "I asked you to do chores today and you're still in bed!"

Emily opened her eyes and explained that she would be downstairs in a few minutes. She was immediately greeted with excruciating pain from her bladder. She could feel a bit of dampness between her thighs. She shoved her hands in her crotch to keep herself from leaking. All that she had to drink had drained into her bladder while she was sleeping. Her mom waited at the door for her to get up.

"Mom, I dont have any clothes on!"

"I'm still going to wait here for you to get up!" her mom replied. Emily's mom was always very strict about housework and Emily had chores to do each day in the summer.

"Please go so I can get dressed!"

"You can get dressed right now. Put some clothes on!"

Emily flipped over the blanket and rolled out of bed. Her bladder hurt so bad! She continued to hold herself as she scrambled around for some clothes. She looked through her dresser and picked out a pair of lime green panties to put on and a white t shirt. She released her grip just long enough to slip on her t shirt and panties, but a small drop of pee escaped. She quickly regained control and started pee dancing in the middle of her room to hold it in.

"ok now get downstairs!" Her mom said sternly.

"I need to go to the bathroom first,"

"Get downstairs right now and you go later!"

Emily pee danced even more frantically now. Her bladder felt like it could burst any second. "I gotta go peeeee!!!!" Emily begged.

"ok fine but make it quick," her mother replied.

Emily ran into the bathroom, pulled down her panties, and sat down. She began releasing the her bladder, which made the loudest hiss she'd ever heard.

*007*2017-08-29 03:30

Emily arrived at the pool for her first day of work. It was 4:00 and she worked till 9:00 when the pool closed. She peed and changed right before she left the house. She hadn't gotten her uniform yet, so she just wore one of her bikinis. It was all black and she wore white denim shorts and black flip flops.

"Hi there, Emily! How are you today?" said one of the girls working there. "Im Grace. Ill be showing you around today," Grace was slightly chubby but she still had a nice figure. She was wearing the bright red lifeguard bikini, and she carried around a nearly empty water bottle. Grace began walking Emily around the pool and showing her where everything was. "Now, I know you did this last year too, but I just want to make sure you're up to speed," Grace gently explained. The two girls walked into the building. You had to go through the bathroom and shower room to get to the pool from outside. "Ok, now this is where the bathrooms are. Now, remember, you only get to go at the beginning of your shift and then at the end. I'm only going to be here long enough for you to get comfortable with your surroundings before I leave." They walked into a small closet next to the showers. Grace showed Emily where her locker was to put her stuff. "Ok, so you'll need to take off your shorts now."

Emily unzipped and pulled off her shorts. Grace opened a locker door so she could put her shorts inside. "Dont forget your flip flops, silly! You have to go barefoot out there," Grace reminded Emily.

Next, the two girls walked out to the lifeguard stands and Grace ran through the rules off the pool. "Ok, now that Im done going over everything, Im going to leave. I brought you a bottle of water to drink to keep yourself hydrated. If you need anything, just send me a text," Grace smiled and walked out the door, into the bathroom.

Grace went to the locker room to change clothes. She took off her bikini and put on a pair of black spandex shorts and a bright blue tank top. All the water she drank throughout the afternoon was finally catching up to her, so she decided to go pee before she left. She had to go pretty badly but she wasn't desperate yet. She walked over to the only bathroom stall but the door was closed. She knocked and heard a voice say "Just a minute!!!!"... Grace wasn't desperate yet, so she just decided to wait till she got home.

Emily looked at her phone: 5:53. She had drank most of her 20 oz bottle of water, so she was desperate to pee! She was bouncing her thighs back and forth. How could she have to pee this badly already? She hadn't even been there 2 hours yet!!! She knew Grace somewhat and felt comfortable talking to her, so she decided to send her a text.

Emily: Hey grace... what do you do if you need to go to the bathroom?

Emily waited a response and quickly got one...

Grace: you have to hold it. theres no one else there to watch the pool

Emily knew she couldn't make it till 9:00, but she had no choice. There was a young mother and daughter at the other end of the pool so she for sure couldn't leave it unattended. Emily continued to hold her bladder muscles tight. Emily looked at her phone again: 6:01. It felt like an eternity had passed but yet it was only a few minutes. 'Ooooohhh, I need to go pee so bad' Emily said to herself. She pushed one hand in between her legs to hold her bladder shut. Emily's tiny bladder was filled with water and it was becoming harder and harder for her to hold it.

Before too long, the mother and daughter came walking up to Emily. The mother looked at her daughter and said "Ok, Mommy really needs to go potty, Ill be right back," The mother then looked at Emily and said, "Can you please watch her for a minute?" and before Emily could answer, the mother squeezed her legs together and pleaded, "I reallyyyy need to go to the bathroom!"

"Uhh yeah sure," Emily replied. The woman then marched into the bathroom leaving her daughter with Emily. This didn't make it any easier for Emily to hold her poor, heavy bladder. Emily pushed her thighs together as tightly as she could. It was now 6:13. The mother walked out of the bathroom and began swimming with her daughter again. The sound of the splashing water was too much for Emily to bare, and small leak escaped into her bikini.

By fidgeting in her chair and pushing her thighs together, Emily managed to hang on for a bit longer... It was now 6:25. The mother and daughter at the other end of the pool got up and headed toward the door. Emily waited a bit for them to get into the car and decided she could sneak into the bathroom and finally release her full bladder. She hopped off the chair and immediately noticed another car pull up. She began dancing and squirming. Emily noticed a familiar face getting out of the car. It was Grace. Emily ran to the fence and yelled to get Grace's attention.

"Grace! Can you please cover for me so I have a bathroom break!!!"

"No, I cant Emily. I just need to get something I forgot in my locker." Grace walked into the locker room and opened her locker. Emily followed her in, squirming the whole way. Grace opened her locker and pulled out a pair of sandals. "I accidentally left these here eariler, I wore my flip flops home," Grace explained. "Hows everything going?"

Emily tried to hide her desperation, but continued to squirm a bit. "Oh its alright. Its been pretty slow here tonight."

Grace could see the desperation but didn't know just how bad it was. "You could probably close up a little early tonight if it stays slow, but I wouldn't leave any sooner than 8:30. Just remember to stay hydrated but don't drink too much. I've struggled to make it all night without going to the bathroom a few times. But you'll be fine," Grace then turned around the left. Emily waited for Grace to leave the parking lot before going pee. She didn't want to risk getting caught taking a break without permission. She danced around by the pool waiting for Grace to leave. 
She glanced at her phone again. 6:37. As soon as Grace left, another car pulled up. Emily sat back down in the chair, knowing her hope for a break as crushed. She crossed her legs and shoved both hands into her crotch. Her bladder was throbbing by now. Another dribble of pee escape as Emily moaned. She could barely hold on any longer. Suddenly, Emily felt a warm sensation in her panties. "No, I cant be doing this!" she said to herself. Just then, the door opened and the mother from eariler came in with one of her friends. They sat down next to the pool and carried on conversation. Emily managed to stop the flow but not for long. After a few more seconds, Emily's overstretched bladder finally released. Pee flowed out, into Emily's bikini and dripped onto the concrete. A sigh of relief escaped Emily's lungs. She had never released a flow of pee that hard before.

It was getting dark out, the Emily looked at her phone once again. 8:27. It was time to close, since everyone had left a long time ago. Emily turned off all the lights and locked the doors. She peeled off her bikini top and her still damp bikini bottoms. Throwing the shower curtain back, she hopped in and turned on the water. She had locked all the doors to have the shower all to herself before going home.

*009*2017-08-29 03:46

Thanks. Any tips to make more stories better?

*012*2017-08-29 23:55

Thanks! Im having trouble coming up with scenarios with new stories

