Tommy's Worry

Author: Guest Rycmika

*000*2020-09-20 11:29

Now see, Tommy was used to Eddie’s antics. They’d known each other for a while so it was to be expected.

But this, well, Tommy had no idea what to make of it.

It was rather late and he and Eddie were on their smp grinding for supplies. Neither were streaming seeing as grinding wasn’t the most entertaining.

They’d been playing for around 2 hours, dipping in and out of conversion. But in the last twenty or so minutes Tommy had noticed something odd about the other boy.

Now even though he couldn’t see him, he could hear the tell tale sounds of Eddie shifting around in his chair. Now normally he wouldn’t notice this, but Eddie was moving at an almost constant pace. He was saying much either, letting Tommy do most of the talking. And when he did speak up he sounded almost breathless.

As confused as Tommy was he wasn’t planning on saying anything. If the other boy wanted to share he’d say something. At least that’s what he thought until Eddie let out a gasp and stopped moving in game. Tommy could barely make out the mantra of “no, no, no” Eddie was saying.

Something was obviously wrong, and though he’d never admit it, Tommy was worried.

“Eddie, you alright?”

It took the brunette a few seconds to respond.

“W-what? No, yeah I’m fine Tommy. D-don’t worry.”

Well. That just made him even more worried. Eddie was clearly trying to sound casual, but his tone had what was unmistakably panic laced in.

“Eddie, seriously, what’s wrong?” Tommy had stopped mining, wasn’t even looking at the game, he was solely focused on his friend.

“Don’t, don’t worry about it Tommy. Seriously.” Eddie’s breath hitched, it sounded like he’d gritted his teeth.

“I’m going to video you.” Tommy said plainly, though it caused Eddie to blanch.

“What! No! I’m fine!”

The blonde ignored him and clicked the video button, watching as he rang his friend, only for Eddie to end it.

“Eddie, answer the call, I’m seriously worried ok?” Tommy really hoped this wasn’t going to bite him in the ass, being sweet and worrisome wasn’t his thing.

Silence, a breath. Then,

Incoming video call from Eddie…

Tommy immediately clicked the connected button, but instead of a scared or in pain Eddie, he was met with something else.

He was hunched over, both hands under the table. He looked up at the webcam, face red and his eyes filled with what was unmistakably arousal?

Tommy blink. Then,

“Are you jacking off?! I was all worried but you were just rubbin’ one out!?” The boy exclaimed, the sudden change in pitch making the other jump.

But, instead of his usual retort, Eddie had frozen. Tommy watched as his lip trembled, and what were unmistakably tears well up in his eyes.

Then, a moan of utmost pleasure escaped him and he closed his eyes, the tears falling down his cheeks.

For a second, Tommy heard nothing. Then, the faint sound of a stream of liquid filled his ears.

Confusion filled him for a second, then realization took over and his face turned red as well.

Tommy watched as his friend wet himself, letting out little moans as the liquid exited him. It seemed to go on forever while in reality it was less than 2 minutes, but not a single second went by that Tommy wasn’t looking at the other boy.

When it was finally over they sat in silence, Tommy looking at Eddie, Eddie looking down at the mess he’d made.

Tommy cleared his throat causing Eddie to look up at him in panic and before he could get a single word out the call had ended.

Tommy didn’t know how long he sat there staring at his screen. He could hardly believe that had just happened, Eddie just wet himself in front of him, and it looked like he’d enjoyed it.

A sudden pang of arousal hit the blonde and he looked down to his crotch where an unmistakable tent was present.

For a second Tommy was confused, but the image of Eddie flashed through his head once more, a pulse of pleasure following after.

Tommy decided not to think about the why at the moment and instead shoved his hand down his pants, picturing Eddie as he lost control.

